Freeport-McMoRan Inc. NYSE:FCX
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 22, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.21

0.29

Revenue  (mm)

3676.15

3851.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-22-2020 2:10 PM GMT

38.10

4.76

0.30

0.35

1.52

3950.78

13558.55

17462.87

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.00

(0.17)

(0.03)

0.21

0.02

(0.16)

0.03

0.29

-

NM

NM

38.10 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Mark J. Johnson
President of Freeport-McMoRan
Indonesia

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Richard E. Coleman
President of Freeport-Mcmoran
Mining Company

ANALYSTS

Jatinder Goel
Exane BNP Paribas, Research
Division

John Charles Tumazos
John Tumazos Very Independent
Research, LLC

Alexander Nicholas Hacking
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Lucas Nathaniel Pipes
B. Riley Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Andreas Bokkenheuser
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Carlos De Alba
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Orest Wowkodaw
Scotiabank Global Banking and
Markets, Research Division

Timna Beth Tanners
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Christopher LaFemina
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Christopher Domenic Mancini
G. Research, LLC

Christopher Michael Terry
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

David Francis Gagliano
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan Third Quarter
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Kathleen Quirk, Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer. Please go ahead, ma'am.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you and good morning. Welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan third quarter conference call. Earlier this
morning, we reported our third quarter 2020 operating and financial results, and a copy of today's press
release and slides are available on our website at fcx.com.

Our call today is being broadcast live on the Internet, and anyone may listen to the call by accessing our
website homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the conference call. In addition to analysts and
investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today's call, and a replay of the webcast will be
available on our website later today.

Before we begin our comments, we'd like to remind everyone that today's press release and certain of our
comments on the call include forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially. I'd like
to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and
to the risk factors described in our Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, each filed with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission.

On the call today is Richard Adkerson. Mark Johnson is also on the call. Josh Olmsted; Mike Kendrick;
Steve Higgins; and Rick Coleman. I'll start by briefly summarizing the quarter financial results and then
will turn the call over to Richard, who will review the slide materials and we'll then open up the call for
questions.

Today, FCX reported net income attributable to common stock of $329 million or $0.22 per share for the
third quarter of 2020. After taking into account debt extinguishing costs associated with our refinancings
during the quarter and other nonrecurring net charges totaling $101 million or $0.07 per share, adjusted
net income attributable to common stock totaled $430 million or $0.29 per share. The special items can be
reviewed on Page VII of our press release.

Our adjusted earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, totaled $1.4
billion for the third quarter of '20, and a reconciliation of the EBITDA calculation is available on Page 32 of
our slide deck. Our third quarter results benefited from improved pricing for both copper and gold, strong
gold, copper and gold sales volumes that were above the prior estimates and solid cost performance. The
average realized price during the quarter for copper was $3.01 per pound. That was 15% above the year
ago average. And the third quarter realized gold price of just over $1,900 per ounce was 28% above the
year ago quarterly average.

We generated strong cash flows in the quarter. Operating cash flows totaled $1.2 billion and exceeded
roughly $400 million of capital expenditures during the quarter. We ended the quarter with $10 billion of of
total debt, and our consolidated cash position grew during the quarter from $1.5 billion at the start of the
period to total $2.4 billion at the end of the quarter.

I'd now like to turn the call over to Richard, who will be referring to our slide materials.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Thanks, Kathleen. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for participating in today's call. I hope you and
your families and your colleagues are all staying well and safe. This coronavirus situation has not ended
and we at Freeport or not letting up our guard in any fashion. We remain focused on protecting the health
and safety of our people and the communities where we work. And we're all looking forward to a medical
solution, which will come in time. In the meantime, though, we are staying diligent with our health
protocols and we're also being conservative in the way we continue to run our business. And this has
proved to serve us well over the last 6 months. I'm really proud of our Freeport team for the aggressive
response we developed as an organization, how we've executed the plans that we announced just 6
months ago, it seems like a decade ago, but it was at the end of April, when we announced plans that
were well received by our company and the market to take steps to reduce cost, capital cost, operating
cost and G&A cost, suspend some low-margin production. And we put those plans in place, and we really
went after them in an aggressive way. And it served us well.

Turning -- starting with Slide 3, we present the highlights for the quarter. And it's notable just how much
cash flow we're generating. We've been talking about this for a long time. Tomorrow has finally arrived for
Freeport. This is the quarter where all this work that we've been doing for years and years is beginning to
show its presence.

This free cash flow generation will actually accelerate as we go forward into the fourth quarter and into
2021. And by the end of 2021, we'll reach really a relatively steady state of volumes, and that extends for
the 20 years beyond that, than our current contract rights extend to.

But as you see clearly, our sales volumes, our cost and capital performance were favorable to the
estimates we provided to market 3 months ago. Our Grasberg team achieved its quarterly sales targets
and continue to make excellent progress with the ramp-up of our large underground mines, the Grasberg
Block Cave and the Deep MLZ mine.

In Arizona, we completed the Lone Star project during the quarter. It was completed on time and below
budget. The bottom line, we generated substantial cash flows in the quarter, reduced our net debt in
this quarter by $800 million. And this was all achieved operating safely in a challenging environment
because of the pandemic. Our team maintained its focus on the health of our workers and our protocols
and showed real drive and commitment in executing our plans, while managing this health issue. As an
organization, we're all stepping up to meet this challenge. We met challenges effectively in the past.

Turning to Slide 4. This is LME Week. It's a strange deal not being in London. Last night would have been
the night of our Freeport reception that's such a fun event and it's disappointing not to be there.

We've distributed a video to people. And if you didn't get it, contact David and we'll get it to you, but it's
a lot of fun looking at the video and thinking about all the good times we've had in London and looking
forward to coming back next year.

But thinking about LME Week and the times we're facing right now really makes us all very pleased to be a
company that's a leading producer of copper. And copper is critical to the economy of the world, has been
but even more so as we look to the future.

Copper is absolutely essential and strategic to the technologies that the world is moving to, to transition
to a global clean energy future. And more and more, we're seeing the adoption of policies both in
communities and governments, but by companies to reduce carbon emissions. This initiative no longer
is being debated as to whether it's needed or not, but there's a real commitment now to accelerate. And
as a result of the steps that will be required to reduce carbon, the intensity of use of copper in those
application is really significant.

Copper utilization in electric vehicles and generation of renewable power requires 4x more copper per
unit than traditional internal combustion vehicles require and traditional power generation requires. The
coming transition to 5G technology will be positive from copper with required data centers to supporting
infrastructure with lots of new copper wiring required to support 5G. These major trends, which are in
place and irreversible, will bring significant new sources of demand for copper and that will supplement
the already significant requirements for copper to fund global growth in the developing world.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

We are committed, at Freeport, to being a responsible producer of copper, which is a very favorable
metal in terms of these positive ESG factors going forward. In addition to Freeport's commitment to the
International Council of Mining and Metals, where I just returned as Chairman after serving 10 years
ago, during the third quarter, we committed to the Copper Mark, which is a new assurance framework
developed by the International Copper Association that's specific to the copper industry that demonstrates
responsible production, practices and how operations for copper can contribute to the UN's Sustainable
Development Goals, and we're fully committed to these things.

Currently in the market conditions, thinking back to 6 months ago, none of us would have anticipated that
we would be today, just 6 months later, after facing the industrial downturn that was accelerating at that
time and all of the uncertainties from a health and economic standpoints to think that here, we would be,
at the end of our third quarter in such a favorable market condition. And this has been led by the really
dramatic recovery of the Chinese economy and demand that that's generated for copper.

Economic conditions in other parts of the world continue to face uncertainties, and we are certainly
sensitive to those uncertainties. And as I said, we're not letting our guard down. But we're encouraged
by these demand trends in China. And then we look at global stimulus measures and decarbonization
initiatives, which are also supportive of copper demand.

At a time when supplies of copper remain limited and this supply effect has been really emphasized by
what we've gone on with the COVID situation. Prices have recovered from the lows earlier this year. You
may recall that we were preparing for a scenario of $2 copper. And here today, we have copper at $3.15.
That's pretty remarkable. But the fundamentals of copper market are increasingly attractive.

We put together a slide on 5 to give a historical perspective on these copper markets. And thinking
back, there are really strong similarities in parallels to what we've seen earlier. In the early 2000s when
the world was coming out of global recession, there was policy-driven demand, particularly in copper,
combined with limited new supplies, which was a new factor in the market at that time. And that drove a
major repricing of copper to kick off the commodity super cycle. Then again, in 2009, following the global
financial crisis that emerged in 2008, China again led a significant and unexpected recovery in copper
prices, which prices -- when prices increased over 3x from the lows over that 24-month period. In each of
these times, FCX share price performed strongly.

On the right side of the chart, we show what's happened since March. Copper -- it's notable, and this is
something that I think is striking and it's different. The copper inventories have declined even with the
major downturn in the global economy.

Who could have ever thought that the U.S. GNP would drop by 1/3 in the second quarter, and copper
inventories would not have risen. The global pandemic resulted in disruption of supply as well as demand,
of course. And with low inventories and limited new supply, the market is positioned for additional gains
as we look forward to a medical solution to COVID-19 and for economies to recover with major copper-
intensive infrastructure spending on the horizon.

Again, in the past, when the downturn occurred, inventories built, the inventories had to be run off. We
don't have that this time. We have low inventories. And so with recovery, we're better positioned to see
copper perform strongly.

Now turning to our company. The challenge for us in 2020, unlike these earlier times when we faced
downturns, was along with the lower prices driven by COVID-19, we were at a time of trough production
at Grasberg. We completed mining the Grasberg open pit at the end of 2019. We couldn't even begin the
ramp-up in any significant way of the Grasberg Block Cave orebody, which is our largest underground
orebody until we were complete mining in the pit.

So all this started and production dropped from the pit. It was at low levels from the underground, and
then we get hit with low copper prices from COVID and operational challenges in the Americas because of
the health situation. And so that makes what's happened for our company over the last 6 months really,
really special.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Our team in the Americas continues to do great work executing our plans and the plans were aggressive
and challenging. You can see the results of the execution in our financial results. We made the decision to
complete the initial Lone Star development project, which is located right in the heart of our operations
in Eastern Arizona. This is a relatively small but very positive returns initial project, and it opens the
opportunity for a very large future significant project.

The team at Cerro Verde in Peru has done exceptional work in restoring our large-scale operations there.
They were really challenged by COVID. Our people at Cerro Verde lived in the town of Arequipa, which was
facing a challenging community situation with COVID. We had to work with the local community and with
the government to restore operations. We've done that largely. We've had kept a sharp focus on cost and
capital management.

We had one mine, an older mine in New Mexico that we we shut down operations because of COVID
situation. We're now taking actions to restart that mine next year at a much reduced rate. A smaller
footprint will allow us to achieve cost and capital benefits as compared with prior operations.

On the call today is Josh Olmsted, and I want to recognize him and congratulate him on his expanded new
role in managing our operations in the Americas. Josh was named Chief Operating Officer for the Americas
in August following Red Conger's departure. Red was great friend and a long-time employee who decided
to move for family reasons, and we congratulate and wish him well.

Josh was Red's right-hand guy for -- along with our -- the rest of our team for recent years. He's an
experienced operator, a really good strong aspirational leader. He's been with our company 28 years. He
has worked in leadership roles at a number of our operations across our Americas assets. Josh is really
highly qualified and well prepared for success in this new role, and he's off just to a great start. He's been
a key driver of our innovation initiatives, which all of our team is committed to and is committed to having
a high-performance culture. The really good thing is Josh has a terrific team around. And we have really
significant technical staff, world-class in every respect, and we all look forward to working together with
him and his team to accomplish what we have for opportunities going forward.

At Grasberg, our third quarter annual sale volumes on an annualized basis reached 58% of the targeted
annual run rate post ramp-up. I want you to focus on this. We generated all these cash flows by being
at less than 60% of our targets of where we're going to, and we're making progress on reaching those
targets.

For so long, I've been talking at these calls about looking at this ramp-up. It's not like starting a new
operation with a 1-point a time start-up, but it was a process, a process of increasing volumes. We're at
58% of the target, and you saw we generated this level of cash flows. So as we increase that ramp-up,
volumes grow, cash flows will grow as well.

It wasn't without as challenge as this past quarter. We had a COVID-related labor disruption that we had
to deal with. We were actually shut down for 4 or 5 days as we worked with a group of indigenous workers
in our workforce, who wanted to be able to return to the low lands where many of their families lived. With
restricted travel, we had to negotiate a resolution.

With that, we also had some maintenance issues with material handling. So it's notable, and we're going
to have situations that are inherent part of mining as we go forward. But here's a quarter where we had to
deal with a temporary shutdown, some unscheduled maintenance issues, and yet, we were able to meet
our metals target.

By the end of the quarter, the mining rates at the Grasberg Block Cave and the Deep MLZ had reached
targeted levels. We continue to target metal production that will approach 90% of the ramp-up targets
by the middle of next year, middle of 2021. Unit cost -- note that the unit cost for Grasberg in the third
quarter averaged $0.13 a pound. Grasberg, of course, has its really significant gold component in its ore,
which at full production rates makes it the largest gold mine in the world, even though it's a byproduct
production.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

But using current gold prices, looking forward, if prices stay at this level, gold revenues will fund all of the
costs of operations for Grasberg, and will be producing over 1.5 billion pounds of copper a year with full
ramp-up that we'll reach at the end of 2021 at a 0 or negative unit cost.

In Indonesia, I mentioned that the discussions about the new smelter are ongoing. They're being led by
our partner, MIND ID Inalum. PTFI has requested a 12-month delay in construction of the smelter that we
had committed to because of COVID issues, which affects international contractors and local workers.

The government is in the process of assessing alternatives to building a new smelter. No decision has been
reached. The discussions are going, being led by MIND ID and the Ministry of State-owned enterprises.
The alternatives that are under consideration will be mutually beneficial to the government, first of all, and
the PTFI. We will keep you informed as developments occur going forward.

I will note that our partnership that we established with the government of Indonesia in the structure for
governance and operating management that we established in December 2018 is really going well. The
partnership is strong, mutually supportive. We and the government through the state-owned enterprise
and the Ministry of State-owned enterprises, the Ministry of Mines, the Ministry of Industry, the Ministry of
Finance, we're all fully aligned now on our objectives of creating value for all stakeholders. We're working
together, and that's a huge positive development for Freeport and for the asset itself.

Slide 7. We're focused on execution. That's what we've been saying for so long, and that's what the results
show that we have been successful in doing. But we are focused on execution. Continued success will
drive strong and improving results. We're now on a path to double EBITDA from 2020 levels as we go
forward. Execution of these plans all well underway. Biggest risks are behind us. There will always be
risk, but the biggest risks are behind us, will allow us to grow our copper volumes by 20% in 2021, gold
volumes by 70% that was results in a reduction in net unit cost by 20% for the company and completely
expand -- significantly expand margins and cash flows. You see this in our third quarter results.

Our financial performance will improve throughout 2021. Current operating-wise, as I mentioned earlier,
extend to 2041 with 6 fiscal terms. This will allow PTFI to generate massive future cash flows from this
set of remarkable copper and gold resources. Our company is going to stay focused on execution. As we
complete this transition at Grasberg, we are deferring any decisions about major new investments and
as we go forward with the higher cash flows that will be generated, we'll be able to reduce our debt and
further improve our balance sheet. You see what we've done this quarter.

I'm confident that in 2021, we'll be in a position to recommend to our Board a resumption of our dividend
for the Board to consider. And that as we go forward, we will be able to generate increasing returns to
shareholders from higher cash flows. In addition, we'll have opportunities to consider significant growth
from large-scale, organic, low-cost, low-risk, high-return, disciplined brownfield investments in our large
portfolio of undeveloped reserves and resources.

Freeport can maintain its production, grow its production without having success in greenfield exploration,
which we always do without having to do any M&A deals. Slide 8 shows this. We have a long-lived portfolio
of mineral reserves with recoverable reserves extends beyond 30 years with substantial options to expand
these reserves in the future, considering our large inventory of mineralized material with our resources
beyond current improved and probable reserves.

For now, however, I want to reemphasize again, we're focused on executing our plans efficiently, delivering
on our targets. As we go forward, we'll be accessing growth options in a measured and disciplined way.

I'll close with Slide 9 with what we adopted internally as the Freeport edge. Our management team
has had extensive experience in managing this business responsibly. We've been together a long time
now. Leadership teams across the company are seasoned, battle hardened, value oriented. We're all
internationally engaged. And that's one thing I keep talking about our work during 2020.

It has been really intense but our people are energetic, highly motivated. We have an action-oriented
management structure. We work together collaboratively. We're experienced, decisive, never cut corners
on important issues like worker safety, community responsibilities, environmental obligations. We keep
a long-term focus on our license to operate around the world. We work hard to earn this and keep it. We

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

know -- and we've had a long history of operating on the premise that our shareholders cannot succeed
unless all stakeholders in our businesses succeed.

Freeport is clearly, on a global basis, foremost in copper. Our portfolio of assets are large, high quality,
we're an established industry leader, great track record, operate mines, develop mines among the largest
in the world.

Our assets are long-lived, durable with embedded options for reserve and resource growth, strong
franchises in the U.S., South America and Indonesia, industry-leading technical capabilities with a strong
track record of project execution around the world over many years.

We've earned the trust and respect of our partners, our customers, our suppliers, the financial markets,
most importantly, our workers, communities and host countries. Notably, our block caving experience is,
if not the most, one of the most extensive and long-standing in the history of the global mining industry.
And that's so critically important for success both in the ramp-up at Grasberg and being able to continue
to execute our plans over the next 20 years.

This is not for the faint of heart. We've been operating block cave mines in Indonesia since the early
1980s, and we have an important molybdenum block caving operation at our Henderson mine in Colorado.
This is critically important as we transfer Grasberg from the largest -- from this enormous surface mine
that we completed at the end of 2018, to the largest block caving operation in the history of the mining
industry.

Our team has demonstrated its capabilities in good times and bad, and I want to close by thanking our
people, recognizing their strength and resiliency, their dedication. And now this performance is evidenced
in today's report.

I'm personally proud to be part of this team. I look forward to the success we're going to have before us
in the future. We're all motivated and committed to persevere and to achieve the success for the benefit of
all of our stakeholders.

So thank you for that. And now I will turn the presentation over to Kathleen to talk about some financial
matters.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Okay, great. Thanks. Richard. I'll just make some brief comments on financial matters, so we can take
your questions. As you'll see in the materials, our guidance is very similar to our prior guidance. We have
incorporated the planned restart of Chino that Richard mentioned, and that's reflected in the guidance. But
I just really wanted to make 3 points. The first one is, as Richard has said, we're continuing to focus on
execution of this plan, which will generate growing cash flows and margins.

Clearly, the Grasberg underground ramp-up is making great progress, and we're building on that
momentum each quarter. I wanted to mention the cost benefits that we're seeing in the ongoing capital
management programs. We now feel that we've successfully implemented the plan that we laid out in
April. I think when you look at the cash costs in the quarter about $1. 32 per pound and compare that to
where we were in the first quarter of this year, you see a 30% reduction in net unit cash costs, also a 30%
reduction in capital spending levels.

With the increased volumes that we have coming in 2021 at a very low incremental cost, we expect our
unit net cash cost will decline below $1.20 per pound next year. So we'll remain focused on sustaining all
of these costs and capital management programs. We've also implemented savings in a number of other
areas, including general and administrative costs, which as you see in the third quarter, we're over 30%
below the first quarter 2020 levels.

Second point is -- and Richard made this point as well is that the third quarter really demonstrates the
growing cash flow generating capacity of the business. We had $1.4 billion in EBITDA during the quarter
and $1.2 billion in operating cash flow, and our volumes are continuing to grow. We expect to continue

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

building volumes during 2021. And using $3 to $3.50 copper, we would average between $7.4 billion to
$9.4 billion per annum in EBITDA for 2021 and 2022 and generate nearly $5 billion to over $6 billion in
operating cash flow with $2 billion of capital expenditures. So very focused on free cash flow generation as
we look forward.

And the third point is that our balance sheet and financial position are very strong. As you'll see in the
slide materials, the net debt is expected to decline rapidly and continued execution and performance will
allow our Board to consider a resumption of dividends in 2021 and increasing shareholder returns over
time.

As Richard mentioned, we're also continuing to assess the sequence of our future organic growth
projects. We expect to be in a great position really to maintain a strong balance sheet, provide returns
to shareholders and invest in value-enhancing projects that are embedded in our portfolio as market
conditions warrant.
So that concludes our prepared remarks. And operator, we'll now take questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Our first question comes from the line of Alex Hacking with Citi.

Alexander Nicholas Hacking
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Thanks for the presentation. I'll ask 2 questions if it's okay. The first question on the dividend, Richard,
you mentioned restarting the dividend next year. Any thoughts on how that would be structured, a
percentage payout and net debt target, something like that? And just a second quick one, if I may. Just
the copper grade at Grasberg is very, very strong during the quarter. Should we read anything into this?
Are grades coming in ahead of your geological models? Or this was just some variance that we shouldn't
read much into?

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

So on the dividend, it's really going to be something that we haven't teed up for the Board yet. We're
really focused on getting through this year and going forward. But we are giving thought to this idea as
we make further progress on getting to our targets as to how to establish a policy for the dividend. We
want -- as I mentioned, we want to take steps to reduce debt. We're on track to doing that. We will likely
take a first step of restoring the dividend, but then we'll have the opportunity of doing, as you said, is
establishing a financial policy and looking to further shareholder returns, growing shareholder returns in
the future, that could be in the form of dividends. And depending on how the equity market reacts, we
would have the option of looking at stock buybacks, but at this point, we have not really engaged with the
Board to establish a specific policy. Mark, do you want to comment on the grade situation?

Mark J. Johnson
President of Freeport-McMoRan Indonesia

Sure. Yes, Alex. Where we're at right now in the Deep MLZ, is we were mining some of the highest grade
sections of the [indiscernible] sections of the ore body. Estimation of these very high-grade zones is
always a challenge for our modelers. The concern is always that we take high-grade intercepts and smear
them over too broad of an area and caused overestimation. So we've taken a conservative but appropriate
modeling approach. So the grades that you've seen are a bit of a positive variance that we've had really
for the last 6 months.

We believe our overall global estimate is appropriate. We didn't do anything with our sequencing of the
cave. We followed our cave management plan. And really, the grades just came to us more or less as a bit
of a positive surprise. But if you look at the grades individually, Deep MLZ is very high grade. It's close to
1.9%, and gold grades are about 1.8%. And what we saw was a bit higher-than-expected grades in that
very high-grade portion of the mine.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

And one of the things that Mark is doing, and the team out there is doing is really focused on the long-
term plan. And so as Mark said, we're following the sequencing to maximize the long-term values and not
try to look for short-term wins, and they're really doing a good job of staying disciplined on that program.

Alexander Nicholas Hacking
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Great. I should say, congratulations on the very strong cash flow in the quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Timna Tanners with Bank of America.

Timna Beth Tanners
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I wanted to ask 2 questions also. I suppose I'm really curious about the Gresik smelter alternatives and
the update there. I know you alluded to some ongoing negotiations. I'm just wondering if you could -- if
it's more than just a delay, if you could give us any color on what that might look like? And then I'll follow
up with the second question.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

So an alternative would be rather than building a new smelter to expanding the existing Gresik smelter
and adding a precious metals refinery to it. That could not be expanded to a size to take all of our future
concentrate production. So there would have to be an agreement allowing us to export the excess.

And we're proposing if that's a lot, I want to say if we -- it's PT-FI, and this is being led by the state-
owned ministries in the internal discussions within the government, that would involve paying an export
fee on that. The benefits would be it would avoid having to undertake this major new construction project,
and the financial benefits are really positive for the government. And so with the government, like all other
countries around the world, seeing its financial situation being challenged by COVID, this is -- this has
some fundamental attractions to the government.

As you know, when we reached our agreement in 2018, a feature of that agreement was a commitment
by PT-FI to build a new smelter that we had years of discussions about that because it is uneconomic to
everyone. But to get the deal accomplished in '18, we had to commit to do that and that commitment is in
place. So it's really in the government's hands about what they decide to do, but this issue, the financial
benefits to the government is a significant one.

Timna Beth Tanners
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. That's super helpful. And I don't want to take away from all the Grasberg progress and success. But
starting to thinking actually about the next generation of projects and initiatives for the company? I know
you've alluded to other projects. Can you kind of run through with us where you prioritize the different
options and alternatives out there so we can start thinking about what's around the corner?

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

I can point to them. We haven't prioritized them yet. We've done some initial prefeasibility, feasibility
type work. We actually suspended some of that as part of our cost reduction efforts in April, but we have
a significant opportunity in Chile with our El Abra project where we're essentially 50-50 partners with
CODELCO. It has a significant sulfide deposit, it would be a major development project involving a water
desalinization plant, but a project on the order of our Cerro Verde expansion, but it has an attractive
orebody to consider.

And then in the U.S., we have a series of brownfield expansions at mines ranging on from Bagdad mine
Northwest Arizona. There's, in the future, a very large sulfide opportunity at Morenci, this Lone Star
property as we mine the oxide cap. We're exposing what looks to be a very significant sulfide resource,
which I believe will be developed. The U.S. opportunities have some economic advantages. We own all
of our lands in the U.S., essentially all of our lands in fee. So there's no royalty. The tax situation is very
favorable and we have a big NOL carryforward. So when you have the ability to develop resources with
no taxes and no royalties that's a big fundamental economic advantage. So as we go forward, we'll be
doing trade-off studies and making decisions about where and when to invest best in the future. We have
a long line of potential partners who are interested in working with us. That would be something we could

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

consider, but for right now, we we're going to continue to focus and achieve the kind of success for the
next few quarters like you saw in this third quarter.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Chris Terry with Deutsche Bank.

Christopher Michael Terry
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

A couple of questions for me. First, on Grasberg just on the development rights. For the quarter, I think
you said you try to be at 90% by the middle of next year. Just wondering if the third quarter exit rate,
that was -- just looking at the chart from last quarter's slide pack. I think that 94,000 tonnes is back on
track. I just wondered if you could give some details a bit more specifically on -- during the quarter, some
of those hiccups. It's -- you said COVID 4 to 5 days. Was there anything else in there? And basically, what
the message is sending, I think, is at the end of the quarter, you're back on to the chart, the progress
chart. That's my first question. I'll start with that.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

No, that's right, Chris. We did have the 5 day outage for the work stoppage and then we had some
overflow maintenance that was on plan during the period, and by the end of the quarter, we had gotten
back to the rates, and Mark and his team do an update every quarter and went through the 5-year
forecast and essentially, there was very little change in our ramp up. So we're still on track with getting to
90% of the run rate by mid next year.

Christopher Michael Terry
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

And Chris, I think on every one of these calls, we've noted that there will be things we'll have to deal
with from time to time just inherent the nature of mining. And what I can see is the fact that we had
these, and we're still able to have this kind of quarter. So as we go forward, as we open up more access to
these orebodies that gives us more flexibility if we do have some issues to deal with of offsetting those by
adjusting our operations because of this greater access that continues to emerge.

Christopher Michael Terry
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. The follow-up question I had is just around the dividend. I know you commented before that it's
early days, but just wanted to get an update on the target net debt level. I think you've previously talked
about $5 billion has been around that level that you would think about the dividend. Is that still the
thinking on $5 billion more correctly? Is it about the level of net debt that you're targeting, so then you
can explore other options? You're obviously at $7.6 billion now. So is that still how we should think about
the timing of the dividend when you reached about that level?

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

We set -- about 5 years ago, we set a target of reducing what was then $20 billion of debt to $5 billion by
reducing 20 -- by $5 billion to $10 billion. So the $5 billion is nothing magic about it. In fact, you know in
those earlier years that I referred to when we started generating so much cash, in both of those cases,
we totally paid off our debt. We were debt free by 2005, I believe, we were debt free in 2010, 2011, and
that's just because these cash flows when the market is really good, really come at you really strong.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

And so in both those cases, we were able to pay big dividends and so we're certainly -- we're comfortable
with the debt level we have now. Kathleen and her team has done a great job of structuring our maturity
schedules. So we got really strong liquidity, and certainly $5 billion would be a level of debt that we'd
be comfortable living with in the long run. So we'll manage our business on the basis of the cash that
comes to us in our expectations by cash flows. But I think you could be comfortable saying that the $5
billion target is something that would be acceptable to us. Cash may come to us that we have paid down
more than that. But as we did that, we'd clearly be returning cash to shareholders and looking at these
opportunities for future investments.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of David Gagliano with BMO Capital Markets.

David Francis Gagliano
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

And as always, thank you for the detailed update. You covered a lot of other things that I was hoping to
ask about already, but I do have a bit of a follow-up on the capital allocation questions. On the brownfield
opportunities, I was wondering if you can just talk about the timing of investing in those opportunities
relative to this -- the 2021 dividend recommendations to the Board?

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Well, the -- and this is the feature of the industry. David, even with all of these projects and their
brownfield expansions, execution of those will take a long period of time even if we were to start today,
and we're not starting today. So on each of these projects that would be significant projects. Now we're
going to do things to make incremental improvements through the efficiency programs and so forth. And
so we have an initiative to actually increase volumes without making a capital investment. We call it the
Americas concentrator project. But for a major brownfield investment project, from the time we make
the decision to start, and that's not likely to occur until '22, '23, you're still looking at 6 or 7 years at a
minimum of execution on it.

So with positive cash flows, will those won't stand in the way of really having significant increases in
returns to shareholders.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

And Dave, we'll have some incremental projects that we can look at that would be quicker than that, but
Richard is talking about a major investment, but we'll have some incremental opportunities that we can
evaluate as well during that period.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Dave, I think the way to think about it is we have a fully developed set of assets essentially now. And
we're -- and we will be with kind of positive markets that we have now that we appear to be moving more
towards in the future. We're really going to be in a harvesting set of years for the near term. And I think
that's great to be a natural resource company and been able to look at the benefit of the decisions you've
made over many years and see that you've made the right ones and you generate cash and return it to
shareholders.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Chris LaFemina with Jefferies.

Christopher LaFemina
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

It's really a strategic question about Grasberg. And Richard, it's something I know you've addressed at
times in the past, but obviously, the world is changing and things at Grasberg are changing pretty quickly.
So the question relates to the potential rationale of selling a portion of the gold production from Grasberg
as a gold stream. Presumably, you would get a premium multiple, the ability to do so, I would think, has
increased now that Grasberg is ramping up and being derisked. This would accelerate your ability to return
capital potentially via a buyback, which would be pretty compelling, I think, right now, probably be very
significant positive for your shares, would greatly -- would not greatly reduce the competitiveness of the
mine and would probably reduce the perceived risk around Freeport as it would reduce your exposure to
Indonesia a little bit in the market.

So I understand, in the past, Grasberg was such a critically important asset to Freeport. You obviously
owned more than 90% of the mine for a long time. But now that you've done this transition, ownership is
transitioning as well, but the operational transition to the underground. And again, the fact that, arguably,
the value of the gold from the asset is not being reflected in your shares, what is the argument to not sell
a portion of that gold as a stream?

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

All right. Well, Chris, one bit of correction there about the ownership. Since the mid-90s, Rio Tinto had a
joint venture ownership in this interest. And so while the government's interest was roughly 10%, FCX'
interest was net of the Rio Tinto joint venture interest. So what we own in Grasberg today is essentially
the same that we've owned since the mid 1990s. It's just that the Rio Tinto interest was transferred from
the joint venture interest of Rio Tinto to shares owned by the government. So our fundamental interest
has not changed. Did you follow that, Chris?

Christopher LaFemina
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Yes, that's right. So basically, my point is that Indonesia will be the majority owner of the mine, whereas
historically, they own less than 10%. So the...

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

They own 51% of the shares. And in the past -- that ownership interest is their 10%, they acquired about
5% from us, but they acquired the Rio Tinto interest. But when you look at FCX' ownership interest, it
really hasn't changed from what we've had for over the years. And that was one of the really good things
about the deal that we cut in 2018 is we were able to hold on to the interest that we had, even though the
government had these ownership objectives, which they reached by acquiring the Rio Tinto interest. So
that's just...

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Profit changed but our economic interest did not.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

That's right. Our economic interest has not changed. That's just a clarification. But yes, we're fully aware
of the opportunity that we have to look at a gold streaming opportunity. We -- as you know, we've
assessed those over the years in various forms, and with spike in gold prices currently, it makes that a
new opportunity for us.

We need to get ramped up. You don't want to sell a stream before you have the stream in place, but
we are studying various alternatives for doing that. And we recognize the opportunity to generate cash
and restructure our balance sheet and our ability to deal with returns to shareholders and so forth. So
that's on our plate. You can rest assured that bankers are visiting us regularly and talking about that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

opportunity, and it's something we'll be considering. Our first order of business, though, is to get it
ramped up.

Christopher LaFemina
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Second question, again a question along those lines. In terms of the operational performance at Grasberg,
can you just give us an update -- and I'm sorry if you mentioned this earlier, I might have missed it on the
call before, but can you give us an update in terms of number of COVID cases at Grasberg between your
employees and between contractors', if things are getting better or worse? Are we getting COVID at the
mine? Just an update there.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I mean, I'm just -- when COVID broke out, Grasberg was a huge concern. We have -- I think most
of you know, we have enormous workforce there. It was on the order of approaching 30,000 people,
roughly 20,000 at any point in time were living in close proximity to each other in the Highlands area
of New Guinea, where it's damp and cool and people live and work together. So we really recognized
that as a problem and made major investments in medical facilities and in protocols for managing it,
testing equipment, PCR labs, both in the Highlands and the Lowlands. We did all the things that the health
standards say that you should do in terms of finding infected people, tracing, isolating and treating. And
so over time, we've had -- and Indonesia is a country that's challenged with COVID. So we've had a
number of cases. Fortunately, the huge majority of those have recovered or were nonsymptomatic. Our
process of isolation and restricting travel and testing has worked. The serious cases we have had been few
and the most serious ones were ones where people had previous health conditions.

So it's consistent with what people are faced with around the world. We've really done well in the
Highlands. We had an outbreak of cases in the Lowlands where our ship terminal is and where people
there have more of an interaction with the community of Timika, which is less of a controlled situation, but
we've instituted new protocols there and have made a great progress. So we've had to deal with it. We've
had a number of cases, almost all have now recovered, and we continue to have very straight protocols on
travel interactions and people there.

So the government and with helping them with health issues and equipment and testing procedures. So
it's been an issue, but it's been managed.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Orest Wowkodaw with Scotiabank.

Orest Wowkodaw
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Turning our attention back to Grasberg. Obviously, there was, I guess, a bit of a setback there in the third
quarter, but you recovered really well with that exit rate of 90,000 tonnes a day. Can you give us a sense
of how that's continued through October? And if I'm not mistaken, looking at your slides, wasn't your
planned exit rate for the year at 95,000. So I mean, doesn't that mean you're essentially already there at
the end of September?

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, you're right. I mean, it's going well. And I would not -- you got to look, where I'm real sensitive
I were. I wouldn't call it what we faced was a setback. It was just a situation we had to face and we
managed it. I mean, in mine, you look back over the years, that's always the case. It's always the case
with complicated mine. So it certainly wouldn't be -- I wouldn't characterize it as setback. But yes, we're
on track. We're on track in October. If we had had any, 2020, completing mining the pit and really taking
the ramp-up over the hump to the point of where it was ramping up and generating cash flows. This was a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

quarter that we always knew was going to be the quarter where cash flows were going to start coming in,
they did.

We had to do that in managing the COVID situation we just talked about. So it's a remarkable
accomplishment that we've been able to do that. And we feel very good. We feel like we've avoided the
major risk of COVID. We've now avoided the major risk of the ramp up. Mark and his team will face issues
every day. We're communicating about how things are going with the various aspects of our operations,
how we're doing with our maintenance programs, how we're doing it. We've had a lot of excess capacity
in the mill, but that's -- we're going to start filling the mill up. So we've got to be prepared for that. But
we're on track to 200,000 tonnes a day-plus of ore from these underground orebodies to the mill and
everything is on track.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

And we have had geologic or geotechnical type things, the kind of things that we ran into in the third
quarter other than the labor issue which is just more mechanical-type things, maintenance-type items and
ore getting hung up in passes and that sort of thing. And that's going to be -- that's going to happen from
time to time, but those things are more easily dealt with than geologic or geotechnical issues. And we're
pleased to report we just -- it's been going very well on the geologic and geotechnical front.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. This fracking approach -- this fracking approach that Martin and his team came up with -- the Deep
MLZ mine was delayed on the order of 2 years as we dealt with the seismicity issues, but -- which is
not a factor in the Grasberg block cave because of the geological setting that is in -- physical setting, I
should say. But that was an issue in the Deep MLZ, we came up with a solution and it's working. We still
have seismic events from time to time, but the fracking is helping us manage those, and we'll be able to
achieve the results that you see.

And it's straightforward, fracking. It's not as complicated as what's going on in the oil and gas industry in
the Permian Basin. This is a really straightforward type of operation.

Orest Wowkodaw
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Is it possible that you may actually exit this year ahead of plan, I mean, given you're already at 94,000
tonnes a day?

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

It's certainly possible, and our guys are going to do the best they can do. We set our plans as being of
aspirational plans but achievable. And the guys work every day to try to do better than plans. And they
take a -- it's a great -- I mean, the smiles on our faces when we have these days when we go over plan,
it's felt all the way from Papua to where we are here in the United States. So everybody's oriented to try
to beat plans.

And in the Americas, too. I mean, Josh's guys has done a great job. Our safety statistics are great. We
-- we did have an unfortunate fatality at Grasberg where a worker took a really unrivaled action but we
work hard, but our safety statistics are good. Our people are focused. I think one thing about -- one thing
I think of this COVID thing is done for all of us, it's really made us focused on our work even more intently
than we ever had. Keep talking about work is intent.

And so now with having restricted travel, making sacrifices in your personal life, everybody is really
focused on work, and we can see the results of that globally.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Your next question comes from the line of Carlos De Alba with Morgan Stanley.

Carlos De Alba
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

First, maybe, Richard, if you could elaborate and maybe early on to provide this number, but what sort
of estimate CapEx do you -- would you envision for the alternative to brand-new copper smelter in
Indonesia? The expanding of the current -- the expansion of the current smelter and adding the precious
metal refinery, how much would that cost relative to the $3 billion? I think that Kathleen had mentioned
for potentially CapEx of a new smelter.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Rick Coleman is on the line, he manages our capital projects globally and is involved in the smelter. Rick,
is there any way we can give an order of magnitude number on the Gresik smelter?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, and I'll jump in here, Richard. The prior estimate for the new greenfield smelter was $3 billion. And
the estimate for the expansion of Gresik, for 30% expansion, is roughly $250 million and similar amount
for the PMR. We were going to do a PMR anyway in the original configuration.

Richard E. Coleman
President of Freeport-Mcmoran Mining Company

Yes. And it's an economic project at current TCRC rates, which the new smelter would not be.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Lucas Pipes with B. Riley.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Lucas, hang on just 1 second. I just want to say, just to emphasize, we got financing available to us, ready
to go. If we do have to build a new smelter, it would be debt financed, no capital required by shareholders
in PT-FI, FCX. We don't have to put capital into this. It would be the losses that the smelter we generate
would be tax deductible.

And when you look at the current situation out there with the government owning 50% of the equity with
having taxes and royalties, the government's share of the economics of the project, including the smelter,
is in excess of 70%. So we do consolidate this. And I'm glad we do. Even though we own 49%, we at FCX
control operations of PT-FI. So it would be consolidated debt, but it would not require capital to be put into
PT-FI for the smelter from FCX.

Lucas Nathaniel Pipes
B. Riley Securities, Inc., Research Division

This is Lucas. Great job on the quarter. And my first question, I just wanted to explore another angle of
this. What's next theme that's been a part of this call here. And would there be any interest to supplement
your development pipeline with an acquisition of preproduction copper-gold projects, there'd be a couple
of candidates in North America? And curious how you think about that opportunity set?

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. We look at all of those. We're approached with opportunities, and we have our -- we have a long-
term history in the marketplace. So we are, as a company, familiar with all of these projects and mineral
opportunities in North America and so forth. The challenge that we have found today -- and we'll continue
to do that. But the challenge we found today is we have these internal resources that have currently no
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

value in our share price. And if we're successful in creating value, 100% of that value succumbs to our
shareholders. If we were to acquire properties from someone else, we'd have to pay to their shareholders
the current value of that. So it's hard to make the numbers work, quite frankly.

Lucas Nathaniel Pipes
B. Riley Securities, Inc., Research Division

Very helpful. I appreciate that. And then as a follow-up question. I wanted to follow up on your CapEx
guidance. You maintained prior guidance. And any risk to that number? Any sort of catch-up CapEx risk
that we should be thinking about given the plans you put in place earlier this year. And obviously, that's
been very successful. But I would appreciate your thoughts on that and how we think about CapEx and
long-term CapEx over the coming years?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

We're -- Lucas, we're in a -- in the next couple of years, really, we hit the peak in 2021 at Grasberg, and it
will be declining after that. So as we look out, absent other projects, our capital expenditures will decline
significantly from the 2022 levels.

So we're talking about something on the order of $1 billion to $1.2 billion in sustaining capital. And we've
got some ongoing development at Grasberg, but it won't be anything like what we've got in this next
few years. So we do have rising cash flows declining CapEx, and we'll be evaluating whether there's
opportunities to have some incremental expansions. But as Richard said, we're really looking forward to
harvesting cash flows for a period of time.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Andreas Bokkenheuser with UBS.

Andreas Bokkenheuser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Just a quick production question from your 2 part. One, can you just give us a quick update in terms of
what the current situation is, especially in South America, where you operate. Are you able to fully return
to kind of pre-COVID levels kind of production-wise at this point in time? Or are you still seeing any kind
of lingering pressure from local communities, local governments in terms of workers returning to the
site and this sort of thing? And I'm not just talking about your mind, just talking about what you're kind
of hearing and seeing in the industry? And related to that question, when we kind of think about 2021,
presumably, I would think that a lot of the growth that you're going to see in copper production and sales
in 2021, some of that would be kind of weighted on to the back half of the year. Is that a fair way to look
at it? Like back half ends up a little bit stronger than the first half of the year production wise? Those are
my 2 questions.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

At Cerro Verde in Peru, where we've done really well. The team -- as Richard said, the team has done
a really great job getting back to roughly 350,000 tonnes a day. Prior to the COVID, we were close to
400,000 and looking to grow. We still think that we can do that over time. But for the foreseeable future,
until there's a complete return to normal in terms of people going back and forth to work, and it's normal,
we're going to operate at this lower rate.

So we -- that's all reflected in our plans, but we do expect that Cerro Verde at some point next year and
into '21 to begin ramping up again. I think the situation in Peru is -- and then Josh Olmsted is here, can
comment, but this -- we're continuing to be very vigilant with our protocols have been effective. Same in
Chile. Chile did have some escalating cases earlier, but that seems to have abated some with actions that
the industry has taken. But still very much like it is around the world. No one has really let up their guard,
and we're continuing to be very careful about how we're operating in the COVID environment.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. And one thing I would, and this is true for us in managing the COVID situation, and it would apply to
different operations. It is site-specific challenges. So you can't really generalize about what happens with
us versus what would happen with other companies. We have a -- had a totally different situation at Cerro
Verde than we did in Morenci or Grasberg. And so I just caution you about trying to generalize when you
hear something about one company's situation applying it to other sites of other companies.

Andreas Bokkenheuser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Yes. I wouldn't do that. I mean, I think there was a couple of Bloomberg headlines out suggesting that
Peruvian mine workers were a little bit slow returning to mine site. So I kind of figured that, that was
industry-wide, not just Peru alone. It wasn't something we were trying to extrapolate with Grasberg or
Morenci for that matter.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Even within Peru, I mean, in the second quarter, the government in Peru, on a very sudden basis, shut
down mining. And we had a different situation because most of our workers lived in Arequipa. And so we
had to then go to work with the local community and the government, and we had the construction of
temporary living facilities on-site for people to live and demonstrated to people that we could manage
their health situation. And that would be a different situation than other operations where they have
their workforce living -- already living on their site. So anyway, we've had to manage and our guys down
there have just done a tremendous job. We're not in full production, but we're originally [indiscernible]
production and we're making a lot of money out of Cerro Verde now, and we have the opportunity to
increase it.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

And to your second question, the volumes we expect will increase quarter-by-quarter through '21, and
that's mainly because of the Grasberg ramp up. And as we said, we expect to get to about 90% of the run
rate by middle of next year. So -- but the back half will be bigger than the front half, but the front half will
still be significant and growing from where we were in the third quarter.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of John Tumazos with John Tumazos Very Independent Research.

John Charles Tumazos
John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC

And congratulations on so much progress. For the sulfide concentrators that you've talked about for a
couple of years, are any of them even 10% engineered and with the 6- to 7-year time horizon, you're
talking about, you're saying that none of them would arrive earlier than 2027.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Rick, I think that's a fair statement, right?

Richard E. Coleman
President of Freeport-Mcmoran Mining Company

Yes. That's right, Richard. It's [indiscernible] And with the balance of the engineering, engineering is
definitely not more than 10% on the larger concentrator designs.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Executive VP & CFO

And again, John, that he's referring to is major new projects like the El Abra project, would be like another
Cerro Verde. As we said, we also have incremental type expansions within the portfolio that don't require
permitting or don't require major multiyear planning. So we've got a combination of both. But the major
projects like the one at El Abra is multi-years because of the permitting that has to be done and all the
infrastructure. But we do have other options within the portfolio that wouldn't be as long lead.

John Charles Tumazos
John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC

At Lone Star, are the oxide so vast that the sulfides wouldn't be exposed or you wouldn't need the sulfides
even until 2027?

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Right. And so Lone Star -- what's made it so attractive initially is it dovetailed in with the depletion of
the Safford reserves, which was part of the mine plan there. So we had existing processing facilities and
Lone Star is so close to Safford that we're able to truck the ore to the Safford facilities and not to build
new facilities. The oxide resource is growing, and we may have an opportunity to invest in incremental
processing facilities to take advantage of that. So -- but this Lone Star sulfide is longer-term even than the
opportunities that we have at the other projects because we can make so much money off of the oxides
before we develop it.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

And we've done a lot of work on drilling over the past several years on Lone Star, and we'll be
incorporating that drilling results into our into our longer-range plans. And a lot of our exploration budget
over the last few years has been on Lone Star. So we're really prioritizing that opportunity.

John Charles Tumazos
John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC

If I could ask one more. If we just think, for example, an El Abra sulfide mill. If you're largely copying
the 240,000 metric ton a day most recent module at Cerro Verde and the desal plant, pump and pipeline
is sort of an off-the-shelf third-party design, why would the -- and the pits prestripped? Why would the
engineering and planning take a long time at El Arba?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

There's -- it's not just the engineering and planning. It's the permitting. As Rick was saying, we've got a
-- we'd have to do an EIS, and you've got a baseline that you have to provide in terms of data going back
on it. And so it's -- and it's a new mill, new desal. We don't have a mill there now. But it's an attractive
project. It's a very attractive project, but we may have more attractive projects that are less capital
intensive.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Mike Dudas with Vertical Research Partners.

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Richard, I'm not going to ask you what you think is going to happen in the U.S. elections next month. So
that's okay. But if you want to more pine, go right ahead. But wanted to see what your thoughts are on,
say, this month in Chile with the constitutional vote and looking into next year, presidential elections in
Peru and in Chile. Any sense of how that could impact positively, negatively, tenor or support for mining
and overall, maybe some of the labor situations that could pop up?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Well, thanks, you're not putting me so much on the spot. It's not just next month. It's almost next week
now that we've got the election here in the U.S. and this goes beyond the presidential election, we got
complicated political situations everywhere. And Latin America is always a complicated area. The thing
though that underlies is that with the COVID challenges that the economies around the world are facing,
but particularly in Chile and Peru, I think that how ever the political situation unravels, there's going to be
a need for those countries and objective of those countries to provide a favorable environment for mining
investments.

In Chile, which has had such long-term success from that, there's a growing recognition of the need
for surely to not lose this competitive edge that it's had. And some of that's been eroded with some
recent legislative regulatory actions. So I'm confident that those countries will see the benefits of mining
investment. And in Peru, the bigger challenge is which we fortunately found a way to manage effectively is
how the mining investments interact with local communities because that's what's really been the barrier
there as opposed to central government barriers.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jatinder Goel with Exane BNP Paribas.

Jatinder Goel
Exane BNP Paribas, Research Division

Just a quick one on your 2021 unit cost guidance. You've left it unchanged at below $1.20. But there can
be a lot of wiggle room based on where prices are. Are you able to indicate if you used spot gold, moly
and currencies with your production outlook? What would net unit cost look like for next year?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

We will update our guidance for 2021 next quarter. Our plan right now is below $1.20, and we haven't
gotten more specific than that. But we'll certainly update that when we come out with our updated
guidance, but we're trending well below $1.20 at this point on our current plant at $1,900 gold and $8
molybdenum.

Jatinder Goel
Exane BNP Paribas, Research Division

And just to confirm, you're using $1,800 in that $1.20 million or is it lower than that?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Our current plan that we're using, and we just -- we run scenarios, but our current plan with the guidance
in the deck is $3 copper and $1,900 gold and $8 molybdenum.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Chris Mancini with Gabelli Funds.

Christopher Domenic Mancini
G. Research, LLC

And congratulations on Grasberg. It really is, as you've been saying, Richard, all along, having followed
the company for a long time. Just the amount of tonnes that you're moving there every day, along with
building a mine, along with dealing with COVID and everything. It's really fantastic what you've done
there. You have a ways to go, but congratulations, it really is a great job.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Yes, Chris, we've been talking about it for a long, long time, haven't we.

Christopher Domenic Mancini
G. Research, LLC

Yes, you have. And you -- like you say you're starting to inflect here and it's impressive what you've been
able to do. So I just wanted to say that quickly.

And just another quick question, I don't want to put you too much on the spot, but relative to Lucas'
question about acquisitions, and you're saying that you're not really seeing a lot of value in potentially
buying something. How do you feel -- how would you feel about conceptually a merger of equals with
another mining company? And just -- given what we've seen in the space about, like you say, kind of
value destruction in the natural resources space in terms of deals that have been done at premiums, what
do you think conceptually about merger of equal -- potential merger of equals or just conceptually in the
space?

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Conceptually, you can identify circumstances where mergers of equals make sense because of the ability
to reduce cost and operate more efficiently through asset management and so forth. But in our case,
we're on the verge of this when we made great progress now, we're less than 60% there in terms of
the volumes that we will achieve at Grasberg. I also believe we have the potential, even though copper
markets are strong now. One of the reasons we showed that chart with the earlier years is I believe there
are factors working today that could well make copper much more valuable as we go forward.

They're having all these polls in connection with the virtual meetings with LME Week going on. And when
you look at all the polls that people are taking coppers far outstripping other metals. So I just don't
believe -- and I'm a shareholder, as you know. I don't believe, as a shareholder, that there is any way that
we would want to consider a merger of equals right now where we would dilute the opportunity that we
have as a stand-alone company that's so attractive. We've worked for a long time, and I think it would -- I
wouldn't want -- the reason I'm working and everything else is, I believe we're on the verge of really good
things happening in Freeport.

I just made a brief reference to what happened to us in earlier years. We've had ups and downs with the
company for various reasons since then. But this time, we're committed to sticking to our guns. Our Board
has made a firm commitment 5 years ago to focus on what the real value opportunity for Freeport is,
and that's in the copper business with this set of assets. We've shown in the past, what we could do with
essentially this set of assets and how we could build real value.

I'm getting to the age of where I tell too many war stories according to our friends, including our CFO,
but there was -- 2011, we had a company with a $60 billion market cap and no debt. And I think we're
on the verge of rebuilding that. We've taken the steps, but this is not what this company can be and what
we're on the track to be. And I firmly believe, and if I talk to our shareholders, I get nothing but some
support about it that the best opportunity for our shareholders with this set of assets is to stick with the
strategy that we're on right now. And it's not a short-term strategy as we've talked about. We got short-
term positives going for us. But there's a longer-term set of opportunities that's really attractive.

Christopher Domenic Mancini
G. Research, LLC

Right. Okay. Yes, that makes sense. I mean, given where you are now. And I mean, so do you think that
once Grasberg is fully ramped, you would have a different view potentially?

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

We'll always view the opportunities as they come about. Chris raised earlier the opportunity for this gold
streaming deal, and that's certainly something we'll consider. But yes, we -- opportunities emerge on an
opportunistic basis. That's using the same work twice, but Phelps Dodge emerge for us without having a
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

long-term strategy of doing it, but it was an opportunity that came up because of circumstances, and we
took advantage of it. If opportunities come to us in the future that make sense for our shareholders, and
we will act on it. But for right now, it's not the time to do that.

Christopher Domenic Mancini
G. Research, LLC

Congrats to the team for doing a great job at Grasberg so far and the rest of the operations.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

We appreciate your kind comments and your support for all of these years.

Operator

Now we'll turn the call over to management for any closing remarks.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Well, thanks, everyone. Appreciate your interest. Obviously, a great quarter for us, and we look forward
to reporting continued progress. So it's been a tough world we live in, lots of personal sacrifices. It is
gratifying though to see within our company to see the success that we're all sharing together. And I think
we've made clear today our commitment to continue to move forward with progress and success for the
future. But thanks for being on our call today.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 22, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

