Freeport-McMoRan Inc. NYSE:FCX
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, January 23, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.00

0.02

-

0.08

(0.01)

0.02

NM

0.59

3689.82

3911.00

5.99

3610.19

14268.78

14402.00

0.93

15202.57

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-23-2020 7:27 AM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.08

(0.05)

(0.01)

0.00

0.05

(0.04)

(0.01)

0.02

(37.50 %)

NM

NM

-

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Harry Milton Conger
President & COO of Americas

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Mark J. Johnson
President & COO of Freeport-
McMoRan Indonesia

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Alexander Nicholas Hacking
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Lucas Nathaniel Pipes
B. Riley FBR, Inc., Research
Division

Matthew Murphy
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Andreas Bokkenheuser
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Matthew James Korn
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Carlos De Alba
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Christopher LaFemina
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Christopher Domenic Mancini
Morgan Group Holding Co.

Orest Wowkodaw
Scotiabank Global Banking and
Markets, Research Division

Oscar M. Cabrera
CIBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Christopher Michael Terry
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Jatinder Goel
Exane BNP Paribas, Research
Division

John Charles Tumazos
John Tumazos Very Independent
Research, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan Fourth Quarter
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms.
Kathleen Quirk, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, ma'am.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you and welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Our
results were released earlier this morning, and a copy of the press release and slides for today's call are
available on our website at fcx.com.

Our conference call today is being broadcast live on the Internet, and anyone may listen to the call by
accessing our website homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the conference call. In addition to
analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today's call, and a replay of the
webcast will be available on our website later today.

Before we begin our comments, we'd like to remind everyone that today's press release and certain of our
comments on the call include forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially. We'd
like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials
and to the risk factors described in our Form 10-K.

Also on the call to me -- with me today are Richard Adkerson, Red Conger, Mark Johnson and Mike
Kendrick. I'll start by briefly summarizing our financial results, and then we'll turn the call over to Richard,
who will review our recent performance and outlook. As usual, after our remarks, we'll open up the call for
questions.

Today, FCX reported net income attributable to common stock of $9 million for the fourth quarter of 2019.
After adjusting for net charges of $22 million or $0.02 per share, which primarily reflected net charges at
PT-FI mostly related to historical contested tax audits, metals inventory adjustments and partly offset by
gains on asset sales, the adjusted net income attributable to common stock totaled $31 million or $0.02 a
share in the fourth quarter of 2019. For details about the special charges, please refer to Schedule VII in
our press release.

Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization for the fourth quarter EBITDA
totaled $891 million. We also have a reconciliation of EBITDA available on Page 35 of the presentation
materials.

Fourth quarter copper sales totaled 906 million pounds. Those were higher than our October estimate of
870 million pounds, and gold sales of 317,000 ounces in the fourth quarter were 117,000 ounces higher
than our October estimate of 200,000 ounces. The positive variance to guidance of both copper and gold
was primarily associated with an extension of mining from the Grasberg open pit, which was completed in
the fourth quarter, and also the timing of shipments as we sold some inventory from the third quarter.

Our average realized price in the fourth quarter was $2.74 per pound. That was similar to the year ago
of average copper price. And gold prices of $1,491 average for the quarter were slightly above last year's
fourth quarter.

Our consolidated average unit net cash costs, net of byproduct credits, was $1.67 per pound of copper in
the fourth quarter of 2019. Those were lower than our estimate primarily reflecting the higher copper and
gold sales volumes in the quarter.

Operating cash flows during the fourth quarter totaled $170 million. That was net of a $250 million tax
payment related to contested tax audits in Indonesia. And capital expenditures were about $700 million
during the quarter, including about $400 million for major projects.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

During the quarter, we generated $450 million in proceeds from asset sales associated with the previously
announced completion of the sale of a portion of our interest in Freeport Cobalt and also a sale of our
lower zone interest in the exploration project in Serbia. We ended the year with consolidated debt of $9.8
billion, and consolidated cash totaled $2 billion with no borrowings and $3.5 billion available under our
revolving credit facility.

I would now like to turn the call over to Richard, who will be referring to our slide presentation materials.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Kathleen, and good morning and thank each of you for participating in today's call. We at
Freeport had an excellent fourth quarter doing what we set out to do. During this period of time, execution
is our battle call, and that's exactly what we did. We executed. We have strong momentum on 3 important
initiatives to expand margins and cash flows and increase values for shareholders. Looking back on the
year 2019, we set a strong foundation for the long term and positioned our company for profitable growth
for years to come.

We start with the first and most impactful initiatives, and that is our underground ramp-up at Grasberg,
which I'm pleased to report is accelerating as planned. During the fourth quarter, we completed surface
mining at the Grasberg open pit. And now we're entirely focused on establishing large-scale production
from our massive low-cost and long-life underground orebodies, and that's going to be a source for
significant cash flows for 20-plus years to come.

We benefit from the substantial development and infrastructure that is already being completed. The
strength of our team, which possesses necessary technical competencies, experiences and motivation
to successfully execute our plan, that's what they're doing. The positive production results in 2019 is
enhancing our previously existing confidence for our ramp-up schedule. And we've talked before, we're in
a show-me stage for ourselves and for our investors, and that's what we've done. We're showing people
that we're doing what we set out to do.

The designs of the Grasberg Block Cave and the Deep MLZ mine are world class. We are using our mining
experience that we've had over our 40-year history of underground mining to enhance infrastructure
construction. We're using new technology, autonomous loaders and remote control equipment. We've
made advances in ground support techniques, undercut blasting and cave management, and we're going
to continue to take advantage of these improved technologies as we go forward.

Technology advances in underground mining are more impactful and more achievable than open pit mining
simply because of the nature of the processes. We were successful in meeting or exceeding important
milestones during the year, and I'll review that in more detail in a moment.

Second initiative is the commissioning of a new mine in Arizona, Lone Star. We will be commencing
production in this year, in 2020. Project is on track, about 75% complete, within budget. We have great
experiences and track record in working in Arizona. Notably, we have the support of the communities near
this mine, and that's important when you look at the issues people face in Arizona and around the world in
developing new mines.

The economics of this investment is really attractive. It will provide a source of long-term cash flow with
low-risk growth opportunities. Exploration of this orebody continues to be positive, both with respect to an
expanding oxide resource and as we look into the future with a very large sulfide resource, which has the
potential of making this a keystone mine, a Tier 1 asset in the global mining industry.

The third value driver relates to our innovation program, really focusing on enhancing productivity,
expanding markets without spending a lot of capital. During 2019, we took our experience that we had
working with our Bagdad mine and initiated a series of projects throughout our American portfolio of
mines using new technology; machine learning; more data-driven, interactive and cross-functioning
operating structure, bringing all of our skills in those areas within our company together.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

Our experience has demonstrated these tools allow us to work our existing assets harder, unlock
bottlenecks and improve overall performance. Early results are positive. We're prioritizing initiatives now
to implement these on a larger scale. We have begun to incorporate these initiatives, these projects into
our plans and currently are expecting to achieve 200 million pounds of annual production -- incremental
production by 2022, emphasizing again with very low capital. Each of these 3 initiatives are well advanced.
They're all largely with our own control and provide a clear path for higher cash flows and value creation.

Slide 4. We want to -- with all the talk about ESG, we have reiterated our commitment to all of our
stakeholders. For us, this starts with a strong culture of safety at all levels of our organization. That's the
core of everything we do. We operate in a dangerous industry with challenging physical environments,
and we are really diligent in developing tools to enhance safety performance with particular emphasis on
fatality prevention and continuous improvement. We recognize and appreciate the performance of our
global workforce who are integral to our success. We pay people fairly in compensation and benefits. We
provide career opportunities for people to grow in their work and to support their families. And it's a big
part of what we do.

Freeport has a long history of partnering with communities where we operate to ensure that the work that
we do results in a positive impact on communities with regard to their health, welfare and sustainability.
And we continue to work to do this, and it's an important feature of what we do.

Environmental protection programs are also key to us, and we dedicate significant human and financial
resources to addressing this. Our management programs are designed to mitigate impacts and closely
monitor performance. We have a particular focus on water conservation. Water is an issue in most mines
that we have. We are increasing sourcing of low-carbon and renewable energy and have a track record of
world-class remediation programs.

We are taking a very active role in working within ICMM and key stakeholders on developing new global
standards for tailings management. We have enhanced our disclosures in this area so that all stakeholders
have access to our tailings management activities and how we're dealing with this important area of our
business.

At Freeport, we are leading an important producer of copper in the global industry. This is fundamental
as the world transitions to a low-carbon economy. Copper is a key driver in mitigating carbon emissions
through the application of renewable energy technologies and is a net positive for the future economy.

Our commitment to sustainable and responsible mining is not new. This focus on communities, workers
and environment is something that's been part of our culture for years. We recognized long ago, this is
essential to the longstanding sustainability of our industry and that we cannot be successful in generating
value for shareholders unless we address these issues effectively, and we are committed to doing that.

Slide 5 talks about copper markets. Big picture, fundamentals are strongly supported for the future, and
our company is going to be a beneficiary of those strong fundamentals. When we look back on 2019, with
slowing global growth, with the impact on -- within China, within the U.S., with the weakened performance
of the manufacturing sector, with the issues in Europe, it's striking that copper inventories are at the low
levels that they are today.

Supply growth continues to be relatively low. Markets can be expected to be tight in the future -- to
become tight in the future. Copper will benefit under a scenario of even modest global growth, and the
added benefit of increasing use of copper to implement decarbonization trends is a feature that's going to
be part of the long-term future of our industry. The current price today has improved from the 2019 lows
but is still well below the incentive price needed to attract new supply.

Slide 6, we address returning again to talking about our strategy and the impacts of that. As I've said
often, we're laser-focused on execution of this strategy. And that's what we're all about. We've worked
for years now in planning and developing, particularly at Grasberg, the transition to the underground.
And now we are executing this very efficiently. As you can see by the numbers we reported today, we
have a growing production and cash flow profile. That's going to be very significant. It will benefit our
shareholders in years to come.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

We're well advanced on this underground transition with results to-date on target. We're moving closer to
2021 when we start seeing the results of this work that we've been doing over the past 15-plus years and
then beyond that, how we will be able to benefit from these investments and this work that we're doing.

Through the execution of the ramp-up at Grasberg, the commissioning of the Lone Star project, ongoing
productivities in our Americas operations, we expect to increase our copper and gold sales volumes by
over 30% in 2021 compared with the just-completed 2019 trough year. This will result in a 25% reduction
in net unit cost, all things being equal, and more than double our EBITDA and cash flows at current
commodity prices.

I personally believe there's a potential for higher prices with a growing production profile. At a time when
copper markets may be rising, our shareholders would have exposure to a positive long-term future, and
Freeport will be particularly well situated as it faces that future.

Much of the capital investment we need to achieve this result has already been made, and achievement of
our targets continue to reduce the risk that this plan had embedded in it. These are long-lived assets with
a strong base for solid cash flows for the future.

Slide 7. We show a summary comparing historical and future results for Grasberg. The Grasberg district
in Indonesia and Papua, where we have operated since the early 1970s, is one of the world's largest and
most valuable mining districts historically, very large copper producer, but with a significant byproduct gold
component, it is one of the world's largest gold deposits.

Grasberg has delivered cash flows over the last 30 years. We expect even more cash flow in the future,
and it's truly, truly a remarkable asset. And that's why we've had such a focus in maintaining and
developing our rights, working with the government of Indonesia to secure that. We've had a year now
since we achieved the new structure, and it's working very effectively.

Picture at the top left is a picture of the open pit in December. We have now completed mining from the
surface. So the pit is no longer being mined, and it's quite a remarkable picture. Mark and his team did
a great job in extending the life of the pit. We had to do this in a cautious way because of the future
interaction of the block cave mining underneath the pit, same orebody, used to be mined from the surface.
And we had to make sure that we could not expose our people or the orebody to risk when this interaction
-- as this interaction begins to occur.

We did this safely. We did -- we're able to produce longer than we anticipated going in the beginning of
the year. And then just stepping back at this, I look at this picture. I have a picture in my office of the
Grasberg pit every year since it started production, and it starts with a snapshot that I took in 1988 at the
exploration site, and then to see this pit completed.

Since 1990, PT-FI has produced 33 billion pounds of copper, 53 million ounces of gold from the Grasberg
district, generated $100 billion in gross revenues. During this period of time, we moved 5 billion tonnes
of material, both ore and waste, to process about 1.8 billion tonnes of ore. As I've said, we're now totally
focused on establishing long -- large-scale production from the underground.

And we're a leader, have been for years, in block cave mining, decades of experience dating back to the
early 1980s at PT-FI. The Grasberg Block Cave, which represents about 50% of our underground reserves,
is the same, very same orebody mined from the pit, but the block cave method will allow us to mine more
profitably than continuing from our surface. In block cave, the ore collapses under gravity. There's no
stripping or mine waste.

As we show in our slide, we only have to mine 1/3 of the material that we had to mine historically and
produce more copper in the underground era. Mining 1.8 billion tonnes of ore will be lower cost than
mining 5.2 billion tonnes of ore. The gross revenues associated with these reserves to be produced over
the next 20 years or so at $3 copper and $1,500 gold would approximate $150 billion, approximately 50%
more than we produced over the last 30 years.

Developing the infrastructure for this scale of operations was our biggest challenge. We've essentially done
that. We still have to add -- we're building some additional crushers, some additional power. We'll make

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

some mill modifications, but the infrastructure has been done. Now we're mining, and the mining will be
in different phases of this. It's not just 1 mine or 2 mines. And it's of a scale that's consistent with what
we've done in the past. We have met the biggest challenges of doing this. And now we're just doing what
we've done in the past, essentially.

Our reserves are reported only through 2041, which is the termination date of our existing agreement with
the government. The resource goes beyond that. And I would -- I expect that Freeport will continue to be
involved beyond 2041. So with the block caving, we had this multiyear investment period that began in
2003. More than 2/3 of the underground development meters of our largest mines have been achieved.
We invested in infrastructure, state-of-art autonomous underground rail system. Most of the capital cost
for the Grasberg Block Cave and Deep MLZ are behind us.

Slide 8 shows the underground milestones we achieved in 2019. Fourth quarter combined ore production
from the Grasberg Block Cave and Deep MLZ was higher than our forecast, averaging 26,000 tonnes
per day for the quarter. We exited 2019 at a combined rate of 33,000 tonnes a day. Quarterly rates for
Grasberg Block Cave included a 20-day outage for our planned modification of our Ore Flow system.

We continue to add new drawbells, which is the structural features that allow us to extract the ore and
mine it. These are rock funnels used to collect the ore, which goes into loaders as the ore collapses from
the structure above it. We continue to add drawbells across the footprint. We will build scale for higher
production. We added some new schematics in the reference information at the back of the presentation
so you can review what we've completed to-date and what we plan to do in 2020.

In the fourth quarter, we added 34 new drawbells at the Grasberg Block Cave and Deep MLZ compared to
14 in the first quarter of 2019. We expect to continue adding drawbells over 2020 to average 48 a quarter.
Cave propagation for the Grasberg Block Cave and Deep MLZ continues to go very well. The Grasberg
Block Cave will be the largest contributor to copper and gold production following the ramp-up.

Reserves total about 1 billion pounds of high-grade copper and gold -- 1 billion tonnes. Grasberg Block
Cave will have a very large footprint, 80 acres at full rate, 180 acres over the life of the mine. The size
of the orebody gives us the ability to produce simultaneously from 5 production blocks. Five production
blocks, not just a single mine, giving us scale, flexibility and assurance that we can have continuous
production.

So in substance, we have multiple mines underground sharing the same infrastructure. We know the rock
types from mining the same ore for the past 30 years through the extensive drilling that we've done.
We're assessing ore about 300 meters below the pit bottom in the Grasberg Block Cave. As we continue
undercutting and adding draw points, the cave expansion at the Grasberg Block Cave will ramp up to
130,000 tonnes per day from these different cave fronts at the Grasberg Block Cave by 2023.

The Deep MLZ is a different mineralization zone where we are using hydraulic fracking, which has been
very effective in managing the seismicity issues we talked about previously. We're continuing undercutting
the Deep MLZ drawbell openings. We will have 2 active production blocks in the near term there, 3 in the
longer term. In the early years, the grades in the Deep MLZ are very high. Fourth quarter grades at Deep
MLZ were 1.7% copper and over 1.7 grams per tonne of gold.

At full rates, production from these 2 orebodies is projected to average over 1.3 billion pounds of copper,
1.3 million ounces of gold, and that's sustainable at very high levels over the long term. Earlier years'
higher grades will enhance production. Average net unit cash costs are expected to average about $0.30 a
pound in the first 5 years at full rate. It's really notable and rare for large-scale operations in our industry.

The key for us now is to continue our undercutting to expand the footprint to open up new areas for
drawbells in ore production. We expect to increase the number of drawbells in 2020 as work areas expand.
Again, this is doing things at a scale that we've done in the past.

The infrastructure is essentially in place. And now we're just executing mining like we've done. There's risk
in mining projects. There'll be pluses and minuses as we go forward. But we felt we've dealt -- we've now
dealt with the major structural risks that we faced going into this, and we're real positive about our results
to-date and our ability to manage risk as we go forward.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

Slide 9 shows an update on the Lone Star project in Arizona, commissioned as a new mine in the coming
-- in this year, in 2020. You see from the pictures, the mine is taking shape. We're ramping up placement
of ore on the leach pad at the nearby Safford operations, where we have available facilities to process this
ore without major new capital expenditures.

The current project is forecast to add 200 million pounds of copper per annum initially, and we have
opportunities to increase production with low capital requirements. We're continuing to, as I mentioned,
to analyze the positive exploration data that just keeps coming at us at this orebody and we'll be
incorporating in our future plans. I'm very positive about the upside to build scale on what could become a
significant cornerstone asset for us in the United States, in Arizona over time, where we have no royalties
because we own the land. We have virtually no taxes because of our situation, a lot of value.

Slide 10. This innovation initiative has really taken shape. Over the last several months, we developed a
blueprint for our operating sites to implement these new data-driven technology tools, provide operator
training, redesign our operating teams to incorporate cross-functional disciplines, bringing in our people on
site with data analysts and outside experts to achieve what we can achieve. The availability of these new
technologies is truly changing the way we work.

We're challenging the status quo. We're not accepting what we did in the past. It's giving us the ability
to adjust quickly to maximize productivity. We're leveraging these data analytics in collaborating across
function, arming our operators with tools, empowering them to make decisions quickly using real-time
data, bottlenecks are being broken down, and results are being measured in realtime to really determine
and improve productivity.

The slide talks about 2 of these initiatives, 1 for our concentrating plants and 1 for our mining operations.
We're developing algorithms in the concentrating plants, which really takes hundreds of thousands of data
points on ore types and metallurgy and other operating conditions to make recommendations in realtime
designed to maximize copper production.

These models, which we call TROI, an acronym, are tailored to each site based on the characteristics of
the orebody and the processing equipment environment that we have. In the mine, we're developing
technology to aggregate data from multiple existing systems to provide dispatch personnel with real-time
information and recommendations to eliminate downtime, optimize movement of material to achieve the
highest level of productivity at any given work shift and to maximize the nature of the ore that we have in
the mine.

Energy around this initiative within our team continues to build. And I was just with our global team last
week, and it's really gratifying to see how they're embracing this initiative. Organization has really gotten
behind it. We had really positive results at our Bagdad mine in Northwest Arizona, where we, in effect,
field-tested this [ as we ], at Bagdad, we achieved a 15% increase in output, lower unit cost and other
benefits.

We're prioritizing projects in the process of implementing them. We have included, at this point, in our
plans, adding 200 million pounds of copper from these initiatives beginning in 2022. Our team keeps
expressing confidence that we can do better than that. And so we'll be looking forward to reporting to you
how that works to lower our average capital cost. Costs are relatively low in the range of $200 million to
implement these things. It's highly attractive, considering that a new project to add 200 million pounds of
copper would involve capital in the range of $1.5 billion to $2 billion and take much longer to implement.

Kathleen is going to cover our financial outlook, and I'll just close by highlighting the key value drivers that
characterize Freeport as foremost in the global copper industry. We start with a valuable portfolio of high-
quality assets, Tier 1 assets with scale supported by exceptional technical team and managed efficiently,
responsibly.

We operate all the mines that we have interest in. And that gives us a powerful ability to lever
experiences; allocate resources, people; and deal with supply chain issues. Our assets are long-lived,
durable and have embedded options for growth. We are an industry leader in copper, which is supported

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

as a commodity by strong fundamentals. We have a growing production profile and cash flow profile of
significance, and you'll see this clearly in the slides that Kathleen will talk about.

Right now, we're focused on executing these 3 initiatives. We'll have a future that will give us an
opportunity to consider a number of alternatives as we go forward, including investing in a disciplined
way on growing our undeveloped resources. Collectively, these positive attributes provide us with strong
financial outlook and fundamental value. We're gaining real momentum, I think, as you can see by the
data we're reporting today to achieve our objectives.

And we'll repeat again, we're clearly focused on executing our plans in an effective way. We now have a
clear path of generating a meaningful increase, revenues, earnings and cash flow, and I personally look
forward to reporting to you on our ongoing progress.

Thank you. Kathleen?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Richard, and I'm going to start on Slide 13 and take you through how all these initiatives
translate into improving cash flow and value for our shareholders.

We've summarized on Slide 13 our consolidated sales outlook for the periods 2020 through 2022. And you
can see here, the 30% growth in copper sales between 2019 and 2021 that Richard referred to previously.
This equates to an increase of about 1 billion pounds of copper, which results in incremental revenues
totaling $2.8 billion at today's copper price. The volumes that are coming in -- the growth volumes that
are coming in are at a very low incremental cost, which results in a sizable increase in our EBITDA and
cash flows as you'll see modeled in a moment.

For 2020, we're projecting 3.5 billion pounds of copper sales. That's in line with our previous estimates.
The increase of 200 million pounds between 2019 and 2020 primarily reflects increases in North America
and Indonesia, partly offset by lower grades in South America.

In 2021, we're projecting sales of 4.3 billion pounds of copper as output in Indonesia returns to more
historical levels. And we've also included a projected benefit of an incremental 100 million pounds of
copper in 2021 and 200 million pounds of copper in 2022 associated with the Americas innovation and
productivity initiatives that Red is leading and Richard talked about a few minutes ago. We show 2022
volumes growing to 4.6 billion pounds of copper.

For gold, we also expect sales to rise as we ramp up the underground at Grasberg. As we talked about,
our sales in 2019 exceeded -- our gold sales exceeded our forecast. And in the fourth quarter, we're about
100,000 ounces higher than what we expected going into the quarter. For the outlook, we made some
small model revisions in our latest forecast. But the estimates are pretty close to our previous estimates
with gold volumes forecast at 800,000 ounces in 2020, growing to 1.4 million ounces in 2021 and 1.7
million ounces in 2022.

Sales of molybdenum are expected to be in the 90 million pound range as we go forward. But we do have
additional capacity that we can produce if market conditions warrant.

Moving to the next slide on Slide 14. We show our projected 2020 volumes by quarter. For your reference,
with the underground ramp-up at Grasberg, the sales are expected to increase throughout the year. And
by the fourth quarter, you'll see what we expect to be an annual run rate approaching 4 billion pounds,
which is well on our way to the 4.3 billion pounds target that we expect to achieve in 2021.

Our slide on Page 15 illustrates that our growing production profile is coming in at a lower incremental
cost, and that'll drive our unit cost down as we go forward. For 2019, our average net unit cash cost, net
of byproduct credits, was $1.74 per pound. We're projecting a similar level in 2020 for the average, and
that reflects a lower top line unit net site production cost in 2020, but it's offset by lower unit byproduct
credits.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

We're assuming in these estimates $10 a pound for moly. Moly prices did decline some in the fourth
quarter and are currently around the $10 level, but there's a $0.03 per pound impact for each $2 change
in molybdenum for 2020.

As we move to 2021, because we are ramping up production, the unit cash costs are expected to decline
by 25% from the 2019 and 2020 averages, and that's just a function of scale at Grasberg. We expect
that, at full rates, the underground operations in Indonesia will be among the lowest in the world. And the
innovation and productivity initiatives in the Americas is also expected to deliver lower incremental cost
than our average. So we're very focused on bringing the unit cost down as we build scale and productivity
in the operations.

On Slide 16, we show a modeled result of our EBITDA and cash flows at various prices -- copper prices.
We're holding gold flat in these models at $1,500 and molybdenum flat at $10 a pound over this period. In
2019, our EBITDA totaled about $2.7 billion, and that was at an average copper price of $2.73 per pound.
For 2020, we're estimating EBITDA would range between $3 billion and $5 billion at copper prices between
$2.75 and $3.25.

And notably, and this is where the leverage of the increased volumes come in, at the average of 2021 and
2022, EBITDA would grow to $6.5 billion to $8.5 billion using the same price range. So when we look at
2021 and 2022, we go from $2.7 billion in EBITDA in 2019 to over $6.5 billion in 2021 and 2022 at current
prices. This is all from existing projects that are in an advanced stage. As we've been emphasizing, it's
about execution. Over the next few quarters, achieving our key milestones, we'll continue to derisk the
plan.

We have a similar story for our operating cash flows, net of our cash taxes and interest. Our operating
cash flows grow from $1.5 billion in 2019 and would range from over $4 billion to $6 billion in 2021 and
2022 at copper prices ranging from current levels to $3.25 per pound. As our cash flow grows, we're going
to be very disciplined about capital spending to target increased returns to shareholders as we complete
the transition at Grasberg.

Slide 17 shows our capital expenditures for 2019 and projected spend for 2020 and 2021. Capital
expenditures totaled $2.65 billion for 2019 and are expected to total $2.8 billion in 2020. We've included
about $150 million in capital investments in 2020 associated with our innovation and productivity project.
That has a very quick payback and will add long-term value. We've added 100 million pounds of copper in
2021 and 200 million pounds in 2022. So you can see the quick payback of those projects, and I think it's
going to build a foundation of improved long-term value of our Americas business as we go forward.

The balance of capital in 2020 includes $1.3 billion in underground capital spending at Grasberg and the
completion of the Lone Star project. We've also got capital -- sustaining capital in the $1 billion range.
For 2021, we expect capital to decline by about $400 million, and we've included $1.2 billion in sustaining
capital and the balance for projects mostly related to Grasberg.

I will note that the underground capital at Grasberg is expected to decline significantly beginning in 2022.
As Richard mentioned, we've got a big part of the infrastructure completed. And so we do see capital
beginning to decline significantly from Indonesia beginning in 2022 and beyond.

We're continuing to manage our capital expenditures very carefully and thoughtfully. The investments
we're making now are at an advanced stage. They're going to strengthen our margins at low prices and
enhance our long-term asset base while providing leverage to improved markets over time. The amounts
do not include the new smelter in Indonesia in which FCX will share 49% of the economics. We've got
some information on the smelter on the next slide.

On Slide 18 is a status update of where we stand. We're in the process of completing our engineering
studies and expect to have confirmed project cost and project schedules during 2020. The preliminary
capital cost estimate on 100% basis approximates $3 billion for this project with capital estimated to be in
the $500 million range for 2020.

We're in the process of making the necessary improvements to the ground at the land site in East Java,
Indonesia. We've also made very good progress on our financing discussions. They're at an advanced

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

stage with a syndicate of banks. And we expect the bank facility will be available during 2020 to fund the
capital over time as it's required.

We're planning for the financing to be made at PT-FI without recourse to FCX and for the new facility to be
drawn as needed to offset cash outlays for the smelter, and so we do not expect the dividends out of PT-FI
to be burdened by smelter development capital during the construction period.

We've included a chart at the bottom of this slide to show the after-tax cost of the debt service. And you'll
see here that the -- in this example, we show an amortization of the capital cost spread over the life of
the existing reserves. The initial financing will be shorter term but can be financed -- refinanced, and this
illustrates what the cost of it is over the remaining 20-plus year life of reserve. But the net impact on FCX'
equity share is about $88 million per year.

We're also showing here that, as part of the smelter development, we will be phasing out the export duty
that PT-FI currently pays. It's currently 5%. And as that is phased out, the savings average over the life
of the mine is a similar amount of almost $80 million. So we've got the cost here but also the benefit of
reducing the -- phasing out the export duty. We also will have the benefit of having operating costs at the
smelter, which should be very competitive compared to the global TC and RC markets.

Turning to Slide 19. We're just summarizing here the -- where we are from a debt position -- net debt
position. We ended 2019 with just below $8 billion in net debt. We've got a strong balance sheet, a good
liquidity position. We have $2 billion in cash and an undrawn credit facility. So strong liquidity, and we do
not have significant maturities until 2022.

And in closing, before we take your questions, we just want to reiterate where we are in terms of
establishing the necessary production we need to grow our revenues and cash flows. We're very
positive about the financial outlook. The initiatives that we have in place are advancing in line with the
expectations, and we're focused on continuing to hit the milestones in 2020, executing effectively and
delivering on these plans. So those will all translate into a substantial growth in revenues, margins and
free cash flows as we go forward.
So we appreciate the attention. And now, operator, we'd like to open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Alex Hacking with Citi.

Alexander Nicholas Hacking
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

I have a couple of questions on South America, if that's okay. Firstly, on Cerro Verde, it looks like costs
will be going up this year. Is that primarily due to the grade decline? And how should we think about that
going forward? I think you're mining around 0.35% today, which I think is around where reserve grade is.
So how should we think about that going forward? Second question, your JV partner at El Abra CODELCO
has announced cuts to their CapEx budgets going forward. Does that affect El Abra in any way, or you're
thinking about the future of El Abra?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Alex. It's Kathleen. The grades in -- at Cerro Verde were about 0.36% in 2019. We're expecting
that to be about 0.33% in 2020 and are not expecting in the near term further decline. But what we are
doing is ramping up the concentrator there. We've got -- it's already producing 10% above where it was
originally designed. But Red and the team have identified opportunities to increase the concentrating rate
to 420,000 tonnes a day. And that would be the biggest concentrator in the world. We expect that to start
coming in, in 2021.

So we've got relatively flat grades in -- at 0.33% but very large scale, and these efficiency initiatives are
going to help Cerro Verde. The ones that Richard was referring to about the mine-related initiative, the
CHLOE project, that's being piloted at Cerro Verde. So we're really, really positive about Cerro Verde to
continue to try to improve efficiency of its mining rate to feed the big mill that it has there.

On El Abra, we're not anticipating any changes with the partnership we have with CODELCO. We work
very closely with them on the expansion opportunities. At El Abra, we're really focused on continuing to
optimize what we have. We're currently looking at the -- evaluating the expansion project but not looking
to pull any trigger on that right now. So we have some substantial time with the existing operations to
consider what's next.

I don't know, Red, do you want to add anything on Cerro Verde or...?

Harry Milton Conger
President & COO of Americas

You're spot on.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Okay.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

So let me just say with El Abra, we are working cooperatively with CODELCO on it. They're encouraging us
to work on it. We're not planning on initiating major new expansion projects until we complete this process
of the underground conversion at Grasberg. And so we're studying it now along with expansion at Bagdad
and others, and we'll be doing tradeoffs to see what makes sense when the time comes to make decisions
on expansion. So we think that if it does come down to a joint decision to expand El Abra that there'll be
sources of capital to finance that. So I don't think that's going to be a constraint to us. But that's a future
decision to be made.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Carlos de Alba with Morgan Stanley.

Carlos De Alba
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So just in terms of this matter in financing in Indonesia, Kathleen, have you been facing any pushbacks?
Or what obstacles are you getting from the conversations with the banks? When do you really think that,
during this year, that you can wrap this issue for good so your company can move on and investors can
feel more confident where the money is going to come from and at what rate? And then if I may ask,
Richard or Kathleen, do you have an early sense of the potential CapEx estimate for the oxide expansion
at Lone Star? And when do you think you can be ready to make a decision?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Carlos, the answer to your first question is we are in an advanced stage of discussions with a group of
banks. We have been for several months. We are very close to having the $3 billion in commitments
raised. And so we do expect the facility to be in place in time for the -- to fund the capital.

We don't -- we haven't been spending that much capital on it. Most of the work to-date has been on
ground improvement, and we're doing the engineering studies right now. So -- but we do expect that
the bank facility will be in place in 2020, ahead of when it's needed to fund the $500 million that we're
talking about estimate for 2020. There really hasn't been pushback. There's strong interest in PT Freeport
Indonesia. It does Freeport -- PT-FI does not have existing debt. The banks like the strong sponsorship of
our partner, Inalum and FCX. And so it's -- there hasn't been pushback on it.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, to say it's contrary to pushback. There is a very positive reception in the banking community to
participate in this. So it's -- and it's because, as Kathleen says, PT-FI has no debt. The banks like to
do business with Freeport. They like to do business with Inalum. They like to do business with the
government of Indonesia. So we have a positive reception for that.

With respect to Lone Star, we're focused right now on getting this initial project up and running. As I said,
production commences this year, and we're analyzing exploration data to make decisions on where to go
from that. So it's a work in progress on the future right now, both for an oxide expansion. And ultimately,
I'm confident we'll do a sulfide project there, but that's all a work in progress.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

But there is capacity at Safford in the tankhouse there to do more than the 200 million, and so there could
be some low-capital mining equipment-related things to raise the production at Lone Star. So incremental
expansions, I think, will come in at a very cheap capital cost, so we have some flexibility there.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Lucas Pipes with B. Riley FBR.

Lucas Nathaniel Pipes
B. Riley FBR, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to take a closer look at 2022 production. So on Slide 13, you show growth through 2022, and
there's about 300 million pounds of growth versus -- in 2022 versus 2021, and then you have the 200
million pounds of -- from the efficiency drive. And then on Slide 31, you show also 300 million pounds of
growth from Indonesia. So in short, should we be thinking about the efficiency drive offsetting depletion?
And if so where would we be seeing that depletion in 2022?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

It just varies, Lucas. We've got some higher grades in 2021 than we have in 2022. So it's not necessarily
depletion. It's just -- we do have some variability in grades, principally in North America. So 2021, we
benefit from having some higher grades compared to 2020 and compared to 2022. But most of the growth
is coming from Indonesia that year. But we've also been able to offset this lower grade in 2022 with the
efficiency impacts.

Lucas Nathaniel Pipes
B. Riley FBR, Inc., Research Division

That's helpful. And then I wanted to ask about kind of the CapEx outlook past 2021. I think you
mentioned, in your prepared remarks, Kathleen, that Indonesian spending should be dropping
substantially. But can you elaborate what would be kind of a ballpark for the 2 major buckets with mining
and then major projects beyond 2021 specifically?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Well, I think we've mentioned the Indonesia development capital for underground is averaging about
$1 billion a year. That -- in 2020, it's a bit higher than that. But by 2022, it's well below that average,
probably half that average and then starts to decline as we go forward. So that's when you see the capital
really falling off is after 2022. We have projected very low capital for underground development. I mean
we obviously invested a lot in the past, but that's -- we're at the peak now, and it's declining.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Korn with Goldman Sachs.

Matthew James Korn
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

I just want to say, as it's been through the year, it's been great to see the progress made at Grasberg. I
appreciate the work going into that. A couple of questions from me, just in the near term. Expectations for
the first quarter reflect a pretty big step back in production, step-up in per-pound costs. That essentially --
is that due to this being the first quarter where you're completely out of the open pit?

And then second, Kathleen, I wanted to ask a little bit more on just the accounting for the smelters as
this comes through over the course of the year. So as you're -- the debt's going to be consolidated in
the balance sheet. I expect the total 100% spending for this smelter come through in your cash flow
statement. But can you help us out with some of the other pieces or the other offsets that would reflect
your partners' participation there? That would be very helpful.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Okay. In terms of the first item, the production for the first quarter, you're right about that, Matt, the
main difference is the Grasberg. We don't have the open pit any longer. So that's the biggest impact on
the first quarter. We also do have some variances at Cerro Verde primarily in our estimates for the first
quarter. And for South America, the first quarter is the lowest of the year based on our current mine plan.
So really, first quarter for all sites is low but ramping up during the year, and it's just mine planning. As
usual, we'll try to produce as much as we can that fits within the overall mine plan.

On the smelter, you are correct that it is consolidated. You'll see it in our consolidated results in capital
expenditures. Then it will be in our consolidated debt. And what we tried to do on Slide 16 is to let you
understand really what the economic impact is. It'll be financed at the PT-FI level, so we won't have --
FCX will not have cash to put in for the smelter nor will our partner. It'll be financed at the PT-FI level. And
so really, the impact that FCX will see from an economic standpoint is the effect on dividends coming out
of PT-FI. And what we've shown here is, really, with the benefit of having the export duty phased out, and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

that'll offset essentially the debt service. So that's really the economic impact. But when you look at the
financial statements, it'll be in the consolidated results, but we want to focus on what the true economics
are.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

So Matthew, you've touched on an important part -- point that I think everybody understands, but just
to make sure there's an understanding, our new structure with Inalum, the state-owned company in
Indonesia, differs from where we were with our previous partner, Rio Tinto because Rio Tinto is a joint
venture interest. Now there's the entity PT-FI, which has 2 shareholders: Inalum, 51%; FCX, 49%, but it's
the entity, PT-FI, that will -- that's building the smelter, that's doing the financing at that entity level. And
while PT-FI -- FCX only owns 49% of the economics, that's close to the economic interest we had under
the Rio Tinto structure. So that's why we're very happy about it through a shareholders agreement. FCX
retains operating control over the operations. So it's just important to understand that, if there had been
equity requirements of shareholders, that would have been made 51/49, but we've concluded that the
availability of this low-cost bank financing is so attractive that that's the best way to finance this. And as
Kathleen says, when you look through it and the fact that the export duty is going away, there's not really
a lot of difference. Plus, there's going to be some impact of having an incremental major smelter in the
world on global TCs and RCs, which will be beneficial to the rest of our business.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Murphy with Barclays.

Matthew Murphy
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Kathleen, I had a question on the Slide 16. If I look at 2020 operating cash flow, let's say, the $2.75 per
pound scenario, and I compare that to your presentation from Q3, the drop looks a little more than just
the byproduct assumptions. So I'm wondering, has anything else changed in the expectations? You said
top line production costs would be down, but are they down less than you expected at Q3 or anything else
that can explain that change?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

The big differences between our last quarter's forecast and this one is we made a change in molybdenum.
You noted that from $12 to $10. We also have incorporated our new mine plans and some of the studies
we're doing that are expensed in our -- for the innovation projects and then just some changes in timing
on tax payments so nothing really major beyond those changes in assumptions.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Chris Terry with Deutsche Bank.

Christopher Michael Terry
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Richard and Kathleen, 2 from me. First one, just on cash flow and thinking about other ways you can
reduce your net debt further. Just wondered if you could touch on working capital over the next 12 months
or so?

And then also you've done a good job on asset sales in 4Q. Just wondered if there's any other assets in
the portfolio, JVs, et cetera, where you can monetize some or the rest of the portfolio that we might be
missing? That's my first question.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

Yes. Thanks, Chris. And I think you saw, we did complete some asset sales in the fourth quarter. And
we've got some additional potential transactions that we'll continue to look at if they make sense
economically, where we do have some noncore assets that are not producing that potentially could be
monetized for cash. So we'll continue to look at that if we can do it at a valuation that is positive for our
shareholders. We're continuing to work on reducing working capital. All of our teams and Red's team
continue to look at our supply chain and how we can gain better efficiencies of using supplies that we
already have across the organization to share those resources. During the fourth quarter, you could see we
did bring down our sales concentrate and finished goods and inventory. We'll continue to try to focus on
doing that. But that's an area of focus as all of us are focused on this transition period and really trying to
conserve cash as much as possible so that, as we go into the improved outlook, we can be in a position to
begin returning more cash to shareholders.

Christopher Michael Terry
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. And then my other question just relates to CapEx as well. I know that you've gone through that on
a number of the other questions, but I just wanted to touch on -- so the smelter totaled $3.5 billion in
2020. Would we expect sort of an even split of 800 roughly for the other 3 years to go out to 2023?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

We're in the process of getting final engineering done and project schedules. So we don't have, at this
point, an exact estimate of capital cost. I would expect, just based on our preliminary estimates, that
the capital in 2020, one would be slightly above the average you just talked about and, 2023, be slightly
below. I think most of the capital will be spread between 2021 and 2022. But that's -- I think, for your
modeling purposes, what you have is probably pretty close.

Christopher Michael Terry
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. And then just as well on the Capex, so 2020, your guidance was $2.6 billion going to $2.8 billion.
That -- is that just a timing issue against 2021/2022? Or is it there's something that moved there in terms
of the buckets?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Well, most of the increase -- we put -- we've got $150 million in our 2020 plan for this productivity
initiative, which is adding 100 million pounds of copper in 2021 and 200 million in 2022. So when you look
at the Capex, you also have to consider how much production we're adding in the near term. So it's got a
very quick payback.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Orest Wowkodaw with Scotiabank.

Orest Wowkodaw
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

I just wanted to, again, return back to unit costs. I've been a bit surprised about just the upward trend
that we've seen in both North America, South America. And in your guidance of, I guess, about $1.30
a pound for 2021, does that assume that we -- that unit costs continue kind of in North America, South
America around that $1.90 to $2 mark?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

We do show some slight benefit in that period in North and South America beginning in 2021. The one
thing that -- just to keep in mind that we've been doing in recent years is increasing our mining rate,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

which is going to set us up for better production, more flexible production in the future. And so what
you've seen in 2018/2019 is a big increase in our mining rate from where we took it down after the
market change in 2016. So we've been building back the mining rate. That's going to give us better long-
term value as -- and more consistent performance as we go forward. But we're not projecting increases
like we've had in recent years. And in fact, these productivity initiatives, the volumes are coming in at
lower incremental costs. So we do expect to have that trend reversed as we look into '21.

Orest Wowkodaw
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Okay. And longer term, I mean assuming grades only decline in the future or stay flat at best, are we --
should we anticipate that North America, South America costs are going to be, I don't know, somewhere in
the $1.80 range?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean that's part of the reason we're aggressively moving on these initiatives is we are very focused
on maintaining a cost position despite the fact that you have longer hauls and changes in grades over
time. But so that's really what we're focused on is how do we offset -- more than offset inflation and these
other factors that affect, not only our mines but mines across the industry that have different profiles as
they mature.

Orest Wowkodaw
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Okay. And then finally, just on the Q1 sales guidance of 725 million pounds. Can you give us what the
Grasberg copper is embedded in that number?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

It's about 115 million, 120 million pounds.

Orest Wowkodaw
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Okay. So that would imply there's quite a step down in North America, South America than in Q1?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

From the fourth quarter, yes. I think I mentioned that because we also had -- we got lower production in
the first quarter. We also had some sales timing, you recall, that boosted fourth quarter sales versus the
production in the fourth quarter.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Chris LaFemina with Jefferies.

Christopher LaFemina
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Richard, Kathleen, just on Grasberg. The operational progress with the Block Cave and the DMLZ has been
very impressive the last few quarters. And in fact, the DMLZ, I think you're tracking well ahead of where
you had expected. If you think about the -- well, I guess, there's a lot of scale and complexity to these
projects, a lot of moving parts. But in terms of the risks now going forward, do you feel like most of the
risk in those projects is largely behind us and you have a very high level of confidence around the ramp-up
there? And what really are the key risks going forward now? I mean the caving is working, the hydraulic
fracking is working. Is it just a matter of making these things bigger and ramping them up? Or are there

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

any other kind of critical paths that you need to get through before you can confidently say that we've
achieved success with these projects?

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

So I think I did say that when you step back and look at where we were as we were looking forward for
this, and we've been looking forward for this ever since the mid-90s when we developed the plans for the
open pit design and the Grasberg pit. I mean we were thinking about where to go. And over time, the
resource just got bigger and bigger and bigger. The big issue for us was developing this infrastructure.
And that is largely behind us. I mean we've got some crushers to complete that we're constructing now,
some power looking at the mill improvement. But the fundamental -- we're developing some visuals. If
you could see this thing, it is incredible. I mean the sheer size of the adits and the crushers and this ore
train. And all of these things, that was a real big risk thing going into this. And that's essentially behind us.
Now we're opening up these drawbells and propagating cave. And it's done in sections. And so each one
of those are of a scale that's not larger than what we've done in the past in mining the DOZ -- the IOZ,
DOZ and so forth. So there's ongoing things to deal with. There'll be different kinds of ground conditions
we have to face. But what's going to be so great about this is that we'll have flexibility in going from one
of these phases to another as we deal with it. So mining always has its risk, and I don't want anyone
to sit here and say that we don't. But I got to tell you, the big risk associated with this underground
development, in my opinion, Mark, I think you'll agree with this, right, are behind us. So it's now a
question, it's more of an operating thing now. It's more of operations. And that's what we've been so good
at over time.

Mark J. Johnson
President & COO of Freeport-McMoRan Indonesia

The one thing I'd add there, too, just -- this is Mark Johnson, is there's nothing unique with the equipment
we're adding. It's more of the same. Our manpower levels in the underground stay flat. So we kind
of transitioned people from development roles into operating roles. So from a training and recruiting
standpoint, we're well positioned right now. So as Richard said, it's more of the same. These mine areas
are opening up. It's much like a pushback in an open pit. As you add pushbacks, you have more work
areas. We're adding more production blocks, more cave fronts, and it just provides that room for all the
additional drawbell construction. So in Deep MLZ, still the seismicity is something we watch very closely.
We -- the hydrofracking area, all the tools that we've acquired are mitigating those quite well. We're
very confident there. We're well positioned to be able to continue to do that. It's going to be one of our
units of operation throughout the Deep MLZ. In GBC, it's just, as Kathleen had mentioned before, it's the
same orebody. The grades are trending well. The mine grade's relative to what we thought. So yes, we
believe we -- every month, every quarter, we're getting better positioned. Much of those risks, much of
the challenges are behind us.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

And there's another factor that, as I think about it in response to your question, our labor situation right
now is so much better than it has been since 2011 or '12. I mean the team's motivated. Everybody is
working together. Our relationship with the union is good. Our relationships with the government is much,
much improved in a -- so there were a lot of these issues that had an impact over time in what we were
doing when we had strikes and blockages and all those sort of -- that's not part of our situation now,
and we don't anticipate it being part of the situation going forward. So just a lot -- we just all have this
great feeling about the way things are going here, and it's a lot of things coming together, getting this
work done but also settling down with the government, developing good relationships with the workforce.
Security situation has been good, although security in Papua continues to be a concern of the government.
But in our area, security has been good. And so it's -- we're just moving along, and it's moving in a very
positive direction.

Christopher LaFemina
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

Well, congratulations on the progress. It sounds like a good time for a site visit.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, we're looking forward to it. We're looking forward to it. And I think there have been things that kept
us from doing that in the past, but we -- I mean nobody goes to that place and comes away from it with
the same feeling. I was visiting with [ JS ] in London LME Week. And even though they're out of it, he just
kept talking over and over about what a fabulous operation it is and engineering accomplishment. So it's a
-- we look forward to giving you a chance to see it.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of John Tumazos of John Tumazos Very Independent Research.

John Charles Tumazos
John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC

I'm looking at the Slide 9 on Lone Star, and I just want to make sure I comprehend it. There were 68
holes, I guess, in the upper row that averaged intercepts of 0.56% copper. Were those the holes prior to
2019? And were the 28 holes that averaged 0.82% the 2019 holes?

Harry Milton Conger
President & COO of Americas

No, they're not divided that way, John. They're just -- they're shown for illustrative purposes, as we got
the data in, so...

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

To show the number of holes where we have the higher-grade intercepts.

Harry Milton Conger
President & COO of Americas

And some of those intercepts wouldn't be inside of ultimate pits even at this point at pits that are drawn
at today's copper prices, $2.50 copper prices. So they're not -- these are just the size of the mineral
endowment there is what we're trying to show.

John Charles Tumazos
John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC

Presumably the high-grade stuff is in [ diff. ]

Harry Milton Conger
President & COO of Americas

We're going to see, as Richard pointed out, we're building the mineral models. We're going to float cones
and do all of that analysis.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

So John, we had some historical drilling there, and we were able to use, even before 2015, I mean this
orebody has been an exploration target for many, many years. And so we upgraded the drilling. We
initially did enough to take advantage of the available facilities at Safford as it was winding down. And so
the first project was how can we use these facilities at Safford. We continue to drill, and as we continue to
drill, some of it is outside of that planned current production. We're finding very attractive opportunities,
which we are now analyzing, and those opportunities include oxide. As Kathleen said, there's a possibility
of being able to further use Safford. There may be an opportunity to do other capital investment to take

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

advantage of that resource. And then we continue to develop the sulfide. So this is very much an unfolding
story, but as it does unfold, the exploration use continues to be very positive.

John Charles Tumazos
John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC

What grade does the 200-million-pound production plan assume?

Harry Milton Conger
President & COO of Americas

I'd have to look at our...

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

We're shuffling through papers. We'll find that for you.

John Charles Tumazos
John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC

Sure. And if there are these high-grade zones, are you going to build an electrowinning tankhouse for 200
million pounds of capacity or 300 million pounds or more million pounds capacity? Or will you take the
pregnant solution to the old Safford tankhouse or Miami or Tyrone? It sounds like some of these ores are
almost like having a twin because it has twice -- some of the ore as twice as much copper as other ores.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

That's right. And as I said, the initial project was to not build new tankhouses for this project but to use
what we had available at Safford. And there's still excess capacity at Safford, which would allow us to
expand the current project. The next step would be to say, do we invest in new processing facilities to
match up with the resource that we're finding, then ultimately with the sulfide. So it's not going to go
to Miami or any of that. It's -- we're going to use as much as we can effectively of the existing facilities
at Safford. The next step will be, say, do we do some incremental investment in new facilities to take
advantage of the resource. And then ultimately, and this is down the road, if we get to that sulfide, then
that could be a very major project for us because -- and as I said, potentially be a new Morenci. So that's
what's exciting about this.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

John, the reserve grade at Lone Star's oxide, as you probably know, is in the 0.44% average range. In the
early years, we expect the leach ore to be above that in the 0.5% range in the early years. And as Richard
was saying, as we mine the oxide, generate cash flow off of the oxide, that really is going to increase the
value of ultimate development down the road because, effectively, we're stripping the orebody.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. And that's what's great about this, John, because of Safford being there, normally, you have a big
sulfide resource, you face all this -- then you see this as an example of other projects being developed,
you have this massive stripping cost into today's world where grades aren't as high. Stripping gets to
be a big part of the cost of what you're doing. Here, our stripping is creating value, a combination of
where it is near Safford, and yet it is stripping, and it's going to expose what looks to be a massive sulfide
opportunity for us for the future.

John Charles Tumazos
John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

If I could ask one last one, and forgive me. I read of the overture you had from another company a week
or 2 ago. And clearly, you're on the brink of copper recovering, new projects, getting Indonesia down, et
cetera. And you don't want someone to take a shot at you just before everything turns up. Do you think
it'd be a good idea to do a share buyback? Your balance sheets turned around, and $1 billion or $2 billion
of stock buyback might be -- it's nice to be complemented or flattered, but you don't want somebody
trying to do a merger with you just before everything turns around.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

So I do not think the time is right to do a share buyback. And John, you know how long I've worked in
this industry. And the one thing that comes home to me through all the things that we have reportedly
been through over the years is life is much better with less leverage than more leverage. And we've
made progress with reducing our leverage. We're on the verge right now of generating substantial cash
flows, which will allow us to further reduce leverage and return to being able to increasing returns to
shareholders. I believe that's the right answer for us, and that's what we're going to be focused on doing.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Andreas Bokkenheuser with UBS.

Andreas Bokkenheuser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Just -- I know we're running a bit late, but just one question from me. Can you just add a little bit more
color on the maintenance shutdown we saw at Grasberg in the fourth quarter? I know you installed some
Ore Flow equipment. What was that specifically? And how should we think about 2020? Do you have any
particular equipment installation, maintenance shutdown processes planned sometime in the near future?
That's all from me.

Mark J. Johnson
President & COO of Freeport-McMoRan Indonesia

Yes. This is Mark Johnson. We mentioned it in the last quarter, update the planned shutdown. We had
one conveyor that, in the Ore Flow system that was able to collect ore from the Grasberg open pit,
and this same belt also collects ore from the Grasberg Block Cave. We no longer needed the portion of
that belt that serviced the pit, so we shortened that belt by about 40%, which just makes the longer-
term system more robust. So it's a matter of taking the tail fully of that belt and moving it to a different
location. And then we also modified a bunch of the motors, the controls, so that it would be a much more
modern system for this long-term application at the Grasberg Block Cave. Going forward, we obviously
have maintenance plans. They're built into our production plan that's integral to our planning. Looking at
crushers, conveyors, mill, which we've always done. So going forward, the production plans are reflective
of our maintenance plans. There's nothing significant or unique coming up. We continue to incrementally
add to our infrastructure, as Richard discussed. The rail systems, all those things just continue to grow.
But it's all going quite well and on plan.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

So stepping back, we just had this conversation with Mark. What's going to be key for us to meet these
production plans -- and Mark, don't let me get way out ahead of myself here, but we don't see that as
mining. We see it really as being able to deliver this massive amount of ore from the mining activities to
the mill facilities. And this is not -- we benefit by gravity here. We're developing these mines horizontally
and not vertically. And so it's not terribly complicated. But what it does require you to do is make sure you
stick with these maintenance programs. And because, if you don't stick with the maintenance programs,
you're going to have unplanned issues, and that's a lot more complicated. So throughout the whole
system, there's this constant deal of planned maintenance programs. And we are really -- our Americas
team supporting our operations out there to make sure that we have our arms around this because that's
what we need to manage to ensure that the ore that we can mine and mining is -- got its complications,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

but we're really confident about that but making sure we don't get hamstrung by the fact that we're
moving this massive amount of ore and that our systems are well maintained and operated to allow us to
do it.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jatinder Goel with Exane BNP Paribas.

Jatinder Goel
Exane BNP Paribas, Research Division

A couple more from my side, please. Firstly, on this productivity enhancement project. You mentioned
$150 million included in current year's CapEx guidance. Are you able to give a number for 2021 that's
included in your current 2021 CapEx guidance? And is that the only spend that you need to do to keep 200
million pounds of production run rate? Or would you still need to spend more beyond 2021 as well?

Second question on moly. You're still using $13 price for 2021 cost guidance, but you've taken your
production guidance down, and you're using $10 for this year. So just trying to square that you do seem
to have spare capacity in the system, and $13 looks like a good price. How do I reconcile lowered volumes
but still using $13 for 2021 cost guidance, please?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. We don't have much capital in 2021 for the productivity initiatives. The total was $200 million, and
$150 million of that is in 2020. We spent some in 2019, and we'll have some in 2021. But that is the
capital. It's mainly mining equipment and the development cost of these data models that are included in
those numbers. So we do feel that -- and that's what we'll continue to do is to try to do this on -- with low
capital intensity. So that's -- as we go forward, we'll look to see if there's other incremental projects that
have a very quick payback. But at this point...

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, we hope we'll add some. It won't be massive amounts, but we -- our hope is that this thing will
identify areas that we can spend a little bit of capital and generate big returns off of it because it is very
high returns versus having to build new concentrators and things like that. So -- but that's what's in our
plan right now.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And then on the roll-forward of the costs, we kept the moly assumption consistent with what we had
used previously. At $13 moly, it might make sense for us to increase our primary molybdenum production,
but that'll be something that we'll evaluate. We've been -- as you've seen in the numbers, we've been
cutting back the primary moly production because of market conditions, and we don't want to put a
surplus into the market because we've so much volume that comes from our byproduct lines. But we'll
have that opportunity to look at if that's -- prices do improve what the moly production would be from
the primary mines. But the byproduct mines are the ones that are included in the cash unit cost that we
provide.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, we clearly have the capacity to add to those volumes.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Chris Mancini with Gabelli Funds.

Christopher Domenic Mancini

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

Morgan Group Holding Co.

On Slide 18, to quickly -- the $180 million of annual debt service, does that -- for the smelter, does that
include amortization of the $3 billion loan? Or is it just interest? And -- sorry.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

No. It does include amortization spread out over the remaining life so over the roughly 19, 20 years
after the smelter's operational. So it assumes that it's financed over the life of the reserves. And as I
mentioned, we'll likely have a shorter-term financing at first, but that'll -- that can be refinanced as we go
forward. So it includes principal and interest.

Christopher Domenic Mancini
Morgan Group Holding Co.

Okay. And do you expect any return from the actual investment so meaning well once the smelter is built,
if we were to include any profitability from the smelter, can we subtract that from the $180 million in
terms of what the ultimate kind of cost of the smelter is?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

What we're showing here on the right of that chart that, by building the smelter, we can phase out the
export duty, okay? So that offsets essentially this principal and interest. But other benefits that we get
from the smelter, one, we got an extension of our mine rights through 2021. Two, we expect that, once
the smelter is operational, smelter cash costs generally are below $0.20 a pound. In fact, our Atlantic
Copper operations were well below $0.20 a pound in 2019 compared to market rates in the $0.25 a pound
range on average. So you'll have some margins depending on TCRCs. But as Richard pointed out earlier,
we also get a benefit to the rest of our operations in Cerro Verde and the Americas that, with this capacity,
it'll likely bring down market TCRC rates, and that'll benefit our other operations that are paying market
rates for treatment charges.

Christopher Domenic Mancini
Morgan Group Holding Co.

Right. Okay, right. So it'll -- so you won't accept -- this won't accept any third-party concentrated? It'll
be just from Grasberg, and your costs should go down slightly, your treatment cost because, right now,
you're shipping around half your concentrate. So the treatment cost should go down a little bit?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Correct. Right. I was just going to say, in terms of returns, our mining projects have much, much greater
returns. But what the point is here is that we are going to be able to offset the capital cost and interest
from the smelter and other benefits.

Christopher Domenic Mancini
Morgan Group Holding Co.

Right. Is that cost benefit, that $160 million a year of export duty reduction, is that in your guidance now?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes.

Operator

Our final question will come from the line of Oscar Cabrera with CIBC.

Oscar M. Cabrera

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

CIBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Last but not least, I hope. Just concentrating 2 questions, 1 in production, the other 1 on Capex. So Cerro
Verde is producing about 1 billion pounds -- I presume about 1 billion pounds a year. Your throughput at
420,000 tonnes per day, about 60,000 tonnes per day higher than nameplate capacity. So was the plan to
keep production at about the 1 billion pounds? Is that declining over the next 5 years?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

So I think, Oscar, you're right. I mean we're having to offset the grade decline at Cerro Verde, and we
are putting more through the concentrator. In 2020, we expect to be a bit below the 1 billion pounds but
return back to the 1 billion pound level in the years following 2020.

Harry Milton Conger
President & COO of Americas

And when we designed the plant, it was going to come off the -- it would be off 1 billion pounds by now.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes.

Harry Milton Conger
President & COO of Americas

So we've been able to keep it at that level.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. And that's what we hope to do with our mining initiatives and all these things is looking for -- I mean
we're just saying in passing, 420,000 [indiscernible].

Oscar M. Cabrera
CIBC Capital Markets, Research Division

No, It's a big deal.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

So it's the biggest in the world. I mean and we're really proud of it. And so it gives us opportunity to
say how can we maximize the resource in ways that help us, and we're going to -- I mean that's Red's
everyday job, and we try to figure out how to drive the cost down, get more volume, be safe. Should have
said that first, right, Red?

Harry Milton Conger
President & COO of Americas

You got it.

Oscar M. Cabrera
CIBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Yes. No, absolutely. It doesn't get lost on us. So the next question with regards to CapEx is, at a higher
throughput rate, do you need to expand your tailings, and do you have the permits for that? And if so
what would the CapEx be?

Harry Milton Conger
President & COO of Americas

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

Oscar, we're in good shape now for tailings capacity. But as we expand these reserves, we're doing tailing
capacity studies. Where do we put this material in the future, not only at Cerro Verde but at all of our
operations. So as Richard said, that's part of the ongoing work that we're doing all the time, how do we
maximize these resources and take care of all the environmental and safety concerns at the same time.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Fair to say, Red, though at Cerro Verde, that's a planning challenge. It's not a constraint.

Harry Milton Conger
President & COO of Americas

Very well put.

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And we've got 420,000 in insight and permitted. Red has aspirations of going above 420,000 and
thinks that we can do that over the longer term. And then that's what he's talking about is having some
planning done around what would we need to do to move that up another increment. So it's a great
resource and a great concentrator facility, and we're just -- we're working on scenarios to maximize the
value.

Oscar M. Cabrera
CIBC Capital Markets, Research Division

And then lastly, if I may. I think I missed this with one of the previous questions. The CapEx in Grasberg
after 2021, would that return to about $1 billion a year?

Kathleen Lynne Quirk
Executive VP & CFO

It's less than that. After 2022, it's substantially less than that, Oscar. 2022, it starts to trail off and then
very low capital after that. So that's when really you can harvest the cash flows associated with this higher
production.

Operator

We'll now turn the call over to management for any closing remarks.

Richard C. Adkerson
Vice Chairman, President & CEO

Again, thank you all for participating, and we look forward to future reports. And David Joint's available to
follow up with any questions you might have. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

26

FREEPORT-MCMORAN INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

27

