Gardner Denver Holdings, Inc. NYSE:GDI
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, February 18, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.34

0.37

8.82

0.30

1.57

1.59

1.27

1.48

592.92

605.80

2.17

568.73

2448.42

2451.90

0.14

2419.30

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-18-2020 7:29 AM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.34

0.39

0.38

0.34

0.38

0.43

0.41

0.37

11.76 %

10.26 %

7.89 %

8.82 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
GARDNER DENVER HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Emily A. Weaver
Senior VP & CFO

Vicente Reynal
CEO & Director

Vikram U. Kini
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Eitan Eliyahu Buchbinder
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Unknown Analyst

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

GARDNER DENVER HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the Gardner Denver Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Vik Kini, Investor Relations Leader. Please go ahead.

Vikram U. Kini
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, and welcome to the Gardner Denver 2019 Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. I'm Vik Kini, Gardner
Denver's Investor Relations Leader; and with me today are Vicente Reynal, Chief Executive Officer; and
Emily Weaver, Chief Financial Officer.

Our earnings release, which was issued yesterday and a supplemental presentation, which will
be referenced during the call are both available on the Investor Relations section of our website,
gardnerdenver.com. In addition, a replay of this morning's conference call will be available later today. The
replay number as well as access code can be found on Slide 2 of the presentation.

Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that certain of the statements on this call are
forward-looking in nature and are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in our previous SEC
filings, which you should read in conjunction with the information provided on this call. For more details
on these risks, please refer to Gardner Denver's annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, which is available on our website at gardnerdenver.com. Additional disclosure
regarding forward-looking statements is included on Slide 3 of the presentation.

In addition, in today's remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a
reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance
with GAAP in our slide presentation and in our earnings release, which are both available on the Investor
Relations section of our website.

Turning to Slide 4. On today's call, we will review our fourth quarter and total year highlights as well as
an update on the pending transaction with Ingersoll Rand and introduce 2020 guidance. We will conclude
today's call with a Q&A session. [Operator Instructions]

At this time, I will now turn it over to Vicente Reynal, Chief Executive Officer.

Vicente Reynal
CEO & Director

Thanks, Vik, and good morning to everyone. Turning to Slide 5, let me start with a brief overview of
the fourth quarter. Overall, the fourth quarter was a good example of the team's ability to use the
Gardner Denver Execution Excellence process, or GDX, to remain nimble in the phase of a soft economic
environment.

As expected, entering the quarter, core industrial markets continue to show signs of slowdown and
the upstream energy market continued to face similar headwinds as we have seen in prior quarters.
However, the team utilized the GDX process to drive quick actions that resulted into solid commercial and
operational execution with strong margin expansion in our non-upstream Energy businesses and healthy
free cash flow generation.

Let me provide a bit of more color on the financial highlights in the fourth quarter. From a total company
perspective, FX-adjusted revenue and orders declines of 14% and 60%, respectively, were heavily
impacted by the known softness in the upstream Energy business, where both revenue and orders were
down approximately 50% due to the known oversupply in the market and limited activity in the later end
of the year. Despite these headwinds, the upstream team executed on several targeted customer wins,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

GARDNER DENVER HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

due to new product introductions, limiting the sequential revenue decline to only 21%, which was better
than our expectations coming into the quarter. The remainder of our businesses, including Industrials,
mid and downstream Energy and Medical, saw a collective FX-adjusted revenue decline of 3% and orders
decline of 4%, given the softer macroeconomic environment as well as meaningful prior year comps.

The company delivered adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.37 and adjusted EBITDA of $135 million,
with an overall margin of 22.3%. Overall margins were impacted by the expected declines in upstream
revenues as well as increased corporate costs in the quarter driven by growth investments and incentive
compensation payout related to better-than-anticipated business performance. We were also very pleased
with the performance of the Industrials, Medical and mid and downstream Energy businesses, which
collectively expanded adjusted EBITDA margin by 50 basis points despite the top line headwinds. The
margin improvement was driven by initiatives such as I2V and proactive cost measures that the team has
implemented, including the restructuring actions that we announced in

Q3. From a balance sheet perspective, free cash flow in the quarter was $90 million. Free cash flow
conversion to reported net income was 347%. As the teams continue to make strong progress on working
capital, including reducing inventory by $37 million within the quarter. While total company operating
working capital as a percentage of revenue finished slightly higher than prior year at 24.6%, this increase
was due entirely to the upstream Energy business, which has a meaningful opportunity as we look ahead.
The remainder of the businesses finished the year collectively at 19.5%, a 170 basis point improvement
versus prior year, and this marks the first time we have seen this metric below 20%. The strong cash
performance led to net debt leverage of 2x at the end of the year, an improvement of 0.1x as compared to
prior year.

Moving to Slide 6. As I reflect on the total year, 2019 was a solid year that showed the resilience of the
business model and the team's ability to drive results in the phase of changing market conditions. The
bridge on the page starts with Industrials, mid and downstream Energy and Medical businesses, which
collectively delivered 3% FX-adjusted growth and adjusted EBITDA margins of 24.2%, which was 80 basis
points up versus prior year. This is a very strong performance in the face of challenging macroeconomic
conditions, with flow through to EBITDA in excess of 50% due in large part to the continued execution of
GDX that the team is driving.

Upstream Energy did face a challenging year, but I am pleased with the steps the team has taken to
proactively rightsize the cost structure and limit the decremental margins in the second half of the year.
And while FX and other investments did prove to be headwinds on a year-over-year basis, they were
largely in line with anticipated levels from the beginning of the year.

Turning to Slide 7, I would like to spend a few moments discussing the progress we're making on the
pending RMT with the Ingersoll Rand Industrial segment. As you probably saw a few weeks ago, we
received unconditional clearance from the European Commission for the transaction. This was a major
milestone as it marked the final regulatory clearance needed for approval of the deal. Since that time,
we have continued to make strong progress as we launched the financing for the deal in late January and
completed that on February 7, with fully committed Term Loan B structure.

In addition, Ingersoll Rand completed their shareholder vote on February 4, with all proposals being
approved, and Gardner Denver shareholder vote is now scheduled for February 21. We do not anticipate
any issues with the final legal requirements required to close the deal, and I am very excited to announce
that the merger should be completed on February 29. This marks an exciting time for the new company. I
am very much looking forward to the bright future ahead for the new Ingersoll Rand.

Moving to Slide 8. I want to spend a moment reflecting on our 4-point strategy as these will serve as
the basis for how we operate the new company. I have said it many times that talent is at the center of
everything we do and having an outstanding team is core to our strategy.

As you may have seen, we announced a leadership team for the new Ingersoll Rand back in December. I
am very excited by the talent from both Ingersoll Rand and Gardner Denver coming together as we have
strong representation from both organizations that will help as we create a combined culture for the new
company.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

GARDNER DENVER HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

Everything starts with people, and I see this is a great way to infuse best practices from both
organizations into our daily routines. As part of our integration planning efforts over the past few months,
we are in the final stages of our detailed organizational design across the new company, and I'm looking
forward to sharing these with the teams shortly after closing.

Another key facet of our strategy has been margin expansion. As we look ahead, a major component of
the transaction is delivering our previously announced $250 million of cost synergy target. We continue to
have strong confidence in delivering this target. And that confidence is driven by the integration planning
efforts we have done over the past 9 months as well as the continued momentum we see at Garner
Denver as shown by the 80 basis points of adjusted EBITDA margin expansion we delivered in our non-
upstream businesses in 2019.

A key catalyst to that margin expansion and one that we are excited to expand in the new company
is the Innovate 2 Value process or I2V. I2V continues to yield very strong results across the Gardner
Denver businesses, including recent wins in redesigning products within our European blower and vacuum
platform. As we think ahead, we'll take this very same principles to the $3 billion-plus revenue segment
at Ingersoll Rand Industrials, where we expect to see similar momentum and opportunity in improving the
products, while, at the same time, delivering margin benefits for the businesses.

Moving to Slide 9. I will provide more color on the operating performance of our segments. I will start
with the Industrials segment, where, as expected, we saw a growth slowdown from what we have seen in
prior quarters driven by the softening macroeconomic backdrop. The Industrials segment fourth quarter
order intake was $308 million, down 3% versus prior year, excluding FX. Revenues in the quarter were
$333 million, flat, excluding FX. From a geographic perspective, revenue in the Americas declined 2% on
an FX-adjusted basis. We view this as an excellent performance when you take into account that the U.S.
manufacturing activity in December was the lowest result in a decade according to ISM Index. In addition
to this, we're overcoming very strong comps from prior year where FX-adjusted growth was 12%.

From an overall market perspective, we feel good about our relative position in the U.S. as third-party
industry reports continue to show that we are outpacing the market in terms of units and dollars in both
of the main compressor offerings of oil lubricated rotary screws and reciprocating technologies. In Europe,
performance was very comparable to what we saw in the Americas, with revenue down 2% FX-adjusted.
Despite the continued tough macroeconomic environment, the majority of the European regions, including
Mainland, Western Europe and India, saw relatively stable performance, including low single-digit growth
in oil lubricated compressors and continued momentum in niche products like blowers. Middle East and
Africa collectively saw a double-digit revenue decline due in large part to the nonrepeat of a large high-
pressure compressor system that shipped in 2018. Asia Pacific reported a double-digit revenue increase
due to growth in niche products like oil-free compressors and transport equipment as well as strong
execution on few large custom projects.

As the market continues to see general softness in most major regions, we continue to advance our
strategy of differentiated innovation, complemented by the efforts of demand generation in order to drive
outsized growth in niche verticals.

One such case study is highlighted at the bottom of the slide, where we have introduced an innovative
Robox Screw Compressor to the marine industry for the application of air lubrication. Air lubrication is the
process of infusing air bubbles beneath a ship's hull to reduce friction between the hull and the water. This
helps reduce resistance and the amount of energy needed to propel the ship, leading to 5% to 10% fuel
savings and reduce CO2 emissions. Products like the Robox Compressor have led to outsized growth in the
marine industry, where we saw strong double-digit growth in 2019.

Moving to adjusted EBITDA, Industrials delivered $79 million in the quarter, up 2%, excluding FX. Fourth
quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 23.7%, up 50 basis points versus prior year and up 150 basis points
sequentially from Q3. The year-over-year margin increase was largely attributable to ongoing productivity
initiatives like I2V as well as benefits from the restructuring actions that we completed in Q3.

The margin profile in Q4 marked the highest level we have ever seen in our Industrial segment and
continue the momentum towards our mid-20s EBITDA margin target that we have previously stated.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

GARDNER DENVER HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

Moving next to the Energy segment on Slide 10. The Energy segment fourth quarter order intake was
$172 million, down 35%, excluding FX, driven largely by the expected declines in upstream Energy and
to a lesser degree by high single-digit FX-adjusted decline in the mid and downstream businesses, as
we continue to see an elongation in the project quote to order cycle. Revenues in the quarter were $206
million, down 32%, excluding FX. Book-to-bill in the fourth quarter was 0.83, which was relatively similar
to what we saw in Q4 of 2018.

Addressing the components of Energy, let me start with upstream. Orders and revenue both finished at
$79 million, down 52% and 50%, respectively, excluding FX. Both of these levels were above our initial
expectations entering the quarter as the team did a very nice job on executing commercially on newly
introduced products and solutions that we have been speaking about over the past few quarters. Digging
a little deeper on orders and revenue, the results were in line with what we saw in Q3 as the composition
was largely aftermarket-centric with minimal orders from original equipment frac pumps. Given market
capacity utilization and customers stacking and impairing horsepower as well as spending less CapEx, it is
not surprising for us to see relatively low levels of original equipment orders and shipments.

We continue to be pleased with the momentum we're seeing in consumables as customers continue
to value the differentiation that our products provide, leading to consumables being down only mid-
teens on a year-over-year perspective. In addition, pricing levels continue to remain relatively flat on a
quarter-over-quarter basis. From a margin perspective, despite the 50% revenue decline on a year-over-
year basis, the upstream business was able to deliver 20% EBITDA margins. A healthy concentration of
higher-margin aftermarket revenue, coupled with the proactive restructuring efforts that the team took
throughout the year, limited decremental margins in the second half of the year to 45% as opposed to
levels in excess of 50% when the business was ramping up.

As we look ahead, one of the exciting initiatives that the upstream team has been working on is
diversifying the end market base of its products away from upstream-oriented applications.

You may have seen in the 8-K that we published back in December that we intend to call this business
high-pressure solutions as part of the new company. The name speaks to the highly differentiated
product that we have developed and the ability to apply some of our legacy frac and drilling technology to
industrial applications. Specifically, we're entering horizontal directional drilling applications in the fields
like mining, wastewater and utilities, where Gardner Denver high-pressure pump technology provides a
more efficient and reliable solutions than legacy technologies. This is just one example where the team is
entering new spaces that expand the total addressable market for the business.

On the mid and downstream side, orders were collectively down 9% and revenue was down 13%, both
excluding FX. Book-to-bill came in at 0.73, which was actually a bit higher than what we saw last year
in the fourth quarter. As noted earlier, we continue to see a relatively healthy quotation funnel for larger
projects, but customers are taking longer to convert those quotes to orders. The good news is that the
discussions with the customers continue to be very active, so we're optimistic about seeing many of these
orders convert and fill the funnel for 2020.

The Energy segment delivered adjusted EBITDA of $53 million in the fourth quarter, which was down 43%
to prior year, excluding FX. As a percentage of revenues, fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was 26%, down
500 basis points from prior year due to the decline in upstream Energy, with a slight offset from margin
improvement in the mid and downstream business.

Moving next to the Medical segment on Slide 11. Order intake was $64 million, down 2%, excluding FX.
The orders decline was due to the same dynamic referenced in Q3, where a customer is now ordering in
smaller quarterly installments as opposed to the historical pattern of larger frame orders. Revenues in
the quarter were $67 million, flat, excluding FX, on top of very strong prior year comps of 19% growth.
Overall, book-to-bill was 0.95, which is comparable to prior year fourth quarter.

The business continued to see good momentum across both gas and liquid pump markets with ongoing
progress on new innovation. One such product is highlighted at the bottom of the slide. Our compact
and lightweight gas pumps are integral to the application of negative pressure wound therapy, whereby
a vacuum is drawn on the wound to help it heal faster. The solution delivers increased efficiency by

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

GARDNER DENVER HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

minimizing size, sound, vibration and energy consumption and is an exciting win for the team as it is a
growing end market in the medical space. Third-party reports indicate that Negative Pressure Wound
Therapy is expected to grow at an 8% CAGR over the next 4 years. This is just another example on how
our team continues to be pivot to faster-growing markets.

Medical adjusted EBITDA performance for the quarter was $21 million, up 1%, excluding FX. Margins were
30.8%, up 60 basis points versus prior year, and marked the sixth consecutive quarter of positive margin
expansion as the teams continue to drive operational efficiencies.

I will now turn over the call to Emily to walk us through the guidance for 2020.

Emily A. Weaver
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Vicente, and good morning to everyone on the call. I'd like to start by saying that it's been a
pleasure to be part of the Gardner Denver team, and I look forward to the bright future we have ahead for
the new Ingersoll Rand team.

Let's move to Slide 12 and review the guidance for 2020. We'll start with our revenue growth expectations
for the year. We expect total Gardner Denver revenue to be down low single digits on both an as-reported
and FX-adjusted basis as FX is expected to be relatively flat year-over-year. From a phasing perspective,
we anticipate the first half of the year to be down high single digits driven notably by the tough comps in
both upstream Energy as well as Industrials, where we delivered mid-single-digit growth in the first half of
2019. The second half of the year is expected to be comparatively better with growth of low to mid-single
digits.

As is typical for us, we are expecting Q1 to be comparatively lighter than the remaining quarters of 2020,
and this year will be a bit more exacerbated by the coronavirus. As such, we expect Q1 to deliver slightly
less than 20% of full year profitability. While China is a relatively small percentage of our overall revenue
base, we are expecting some shipment deferrals from the first quarter into Q2 and the balance of the year.
As of right now, it is important to note that our guidance does not include any total year impact. And most
importantly, we are very pleased to report that all of our employees are currently safe and their wellbeing
remains our utmost concern. We'll continue to monitor the situation daily as our employees, customers
and suppliers are allowed to get back to work.

Now moving to our segments. We expect Industrials' revenue growth for the year to be flat to down low
single digits. Given the slowdown we have seen in the general industrial markets in the second half of
2019, we don't expect that to change significantly as we enter 2020. The teams will continue to focus on
operational efficiencies, such as I2V and cost control, where we are expecting to deliver positive margin
expansion in 2020 despite the moderating top line. In Medical, we expect low single-digit growth for the
total segment as well as for both gas and liquid products within the portfolio.

Moving to the Energy segment. I'll start with mid and downstream Energy. As you know, these businesses
play in similar end markets to our Industrials segment, and the general macroeconomic softness we're
seeing there has a similar impact on these businesses. We continue to see a good funnel for projects.
As previously mentioned, we expect to see several of those orders convert within the year, resulting in
flat to low single-digit growth for these businesses. Moving to upstream. We don't expect much change
in the market as we move into 2020. Given the dynamics we've been discussing around oversupply and
cannibalization of equipment, along with what customers have been communicating on capital spend
expectations, we expect revenue to be down approximately 20% on a year-over-year basis. We expect
declines to be higher in the first half of the year, driven mainly by the tough comps; and to moderate in
the back half of the year. The teams will continue to manage the business as we did in the second half
of 2019 with a focus on controlling cost, protecting margins and rightsizing working capital, particularly
inventory. That said, we are currently taking a prudent view of 2020 demand levels in upstream Energy,
although we do see some signs of optimism as we look into the future.

First, customers have impaired approximately 4 million of horsepower in Q4 with expectations of another
1 million to come in Q1. This helps normalize supply and demand, which is needed in this market. Second,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

GARDNER DENVER HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

we continue to see cannibalization in the field of both pumps and fluid ends. This is a trend that can't
go on indefinitely. Eventually, this equipment will come back for service and repair or full replacement,
and we are prepared to handle that demand. Third, our launch of new consumable offerings continues
to see strong traction in the market, and we are strengthening our partnerships with key accounts. And
finally, we are excited about the prospects for new revenue streams by selling legacy frac and drilling
technologies into industrial end markets that Vicente highlighted earlier.

Based on these revenue assumptions, we are introducing 2020 adjusted EBITDA guidance of $540 million
to $570 million. This range includes slight increases in corporate costs of approximately $7 million on a
year-over-year basis driven by 2 main items: first, growth investments in key areas, such as demand
generation and IOT, which we continue to see as core strategies to deliver above-market growth; and
second, a slight increase in variable incentive compensation expense for 2020, as we reset to target levels
this time each year. Including these items, we expect corporate costs to be approximately $12 million per
quarter.

Turning to Slide 13. Our expectation for capital expenditures is $45 million to $55 million, and we expect
to generate $280 million to $300 million in free cash flow, which is generally consistent with what we
delivered in 2019. In addition, we expect free cash flow to reported net income to be in excess of 100%.
Finally, we expect the tax rate to be between 22% and 23% and share count to be approximately 209
million shares.

It's worth noting that all of these estimates are for stand-alone Gardner Denver. On closure of the
transaction, we will take the requisite time to combine the financials for the 2 organizations and in due
course, provide both pro forma historical financials for the new company as well as guidance.

I'll now turn it back to Vicente for some closing remarks.

Vicente Reynal
CEO & Director

Thank you, Emily. As we look ahead, 2020 will continue to be challenging from a macroeconomic
perspective, where I am confident that the teams had the right toolkit with GDX to both navigate the
environment and continue to deliver progress on our commercial and operational initiatives.

We also are at the landmark moment for the company as we prepare to merge with Ingersoll Rand's
Industrial segment and become the new Ingersoll Rand. The long-term prospects of the combined
company and the value-creation opportunity both remain very positive, and I'm very excited to lead the
combined organization going forward.
With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator and open it for Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

GARDNER DENVER HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

And our first question comes from Mike Halloran of Baird.

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

So can we just start with the guidance assumptions here, maybe some thoughts on what's embedded
from an underlying perspective by segment? In other words, is there a fundamental improvement
embedded in the outlook through the year? Obviously, Emily highlighted the 1Q impacts from the
coronavirus. But kind of stripping that out, how do you think about what underlying demand looks like
sequentially as you work through the year? Any assumptions for improvement? And then anything else
that could help us get comfortable with how that 1H, 2H ramp looks?

Vicente Reynal
CEO & Director

Yes, Mike, I'll say that it is gradually improving in the second half, primarily as comps get easier. As we
said on the remarks, the first half expected to be down high single digits; while the second half, positive
low single to mid-single. The majority of this is really due to more difficult comps that we have here in the
first half.

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

So pretty normal sequentials, Vicente?

Vicente Reynal
CEO & Director

Exactly, yes. That's right, yes.

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

And then when you think a -- separate question then, when you think about the underlying internal
improvement, continue to do a lot of work there, positive work. Maybe help provide some thoughts on
what the major priorities on the legacy business are going into 2020? And what kind of impact do you
think that can have on the EBITDA line?

Vicente Reynal
CEO & Director

Yes, Mike, I think -- I'll say, number one, as you saw, we -- if I talk about Industrials, as a great example,
even on flat to low single-digit growth, we still expect the business to generate positive basis point margin
expansion. So that's just one example on how we're having our teams put together a plan that puts a
picture of no growth, but we still need to execute very thoughtfully the initiatives that we have been
doing. So for example, control the areas that are within our control. An example of that is I2V, Innovate
2 Value, continues to be a great tool for us to deliver that gross margin expansion. We will continue to
do a lot of the activity that we have been doing on pricing as that continues to be a great lever for us to
strategically be more focused on price. And then more areas such as working capital. I mean inventory
continues to be a big area for us for improvement to generate and unlock a lot of cash that we have in the
business.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

GARDNER DENVER HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

Our next question comes from Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research Partners.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

First, Emily, you said in due course, but can you give us a little bit of color on what your timing is like in
terms of pro forma financials or kind of your initial newco guide?

Emily A. Weaver
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Jeff, thanks for the question. No one is more excited to get this out than I am. But it will take us a
little bit of time to get through the data that we're going to get on day 1, coming up here in a few weeks
or less. And once we get through that initial work, we'll come back to you with some dates on when the
pro formas and the guidance will come out so that you guys can plan the calendar.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Great. And then, Vicente, I'm wondering just on the cost reductions, which you affirm today, if you could
give us a little bit of color on how your visibility on that has evolved from the beginning of the process to
here near the conclusion? And if there's anything qualitative you might say about your confidence level or
potential upside to that number?

Vicente Reynal
CEO & Director

Yes, Jeff, I -- I mean, obviously, $250 million of cost synergies, it doesn't include any revenue potential
synergies that we may have. But the confidence has been growing because of a lot of the work that we
have been doing here over the past 9 months. And as we talked about on the last call, we put an example
on how we have now kind of analyzed the direct material spend from both companies through what we call
a clean room environment. And we're even, at this point right now, reassessing one more time that data
point so that we're ready with these RFPs and RFQs for day 1.

So I'd say the funnel has continued to grow internally. Clearly, for us, in order to hit the $250 million of
synergy, we have a funnel that is larger than that in order to be able to execute that level of synergies.
But the confidence level continues to grow, not only from what we talked about within the operational
side, but also the organizational structure.

Operator

Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell of Barclays.

Unknown Analyst

This is [ Joao ] on for Julian. So digging deeper into kind of the upstream, midstream, within Energy, can
you talk a bit more about kind of this project timing pushouts you guys are seeing? Is this a bit more
transitory? Or do you think it has to do with maybe a softer end market as a whole?

Vicente Reynal
CEO & Director

Yes. So the project pushout, it is mainly related to the mid and the downstream, and particularly more on
the downstream side of the business. It is really transitory. I think there's some quote process elongation
that is going on in this -- in the market, but nothing that gets us worry or concerned at this stage.

Unknown Analyst

Got it. And then maybe within Industrial, looking at -- it seems like you guys are basically guiding for kind
of a sequential softening into the first half. Is there any -- I know part of it is a tough comp, but is there

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

GARDNER DENVER HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

any kind of color you can provide on maybe which end markets you see as potentially firming up? And
which ones do you see as kind of only being a second half kind of story?

Vicente Reynal
CEO & Director

No, I think it's consistent. I think, we continue to be pretty excited with the work the teams are doing
around niche markets. So again, there's also a lot of good self-help initiatives on the commercial side with
our demand generation activities, but also new niche markets that we're finding and penetrating. So I'll
say we view the general industrial market's kind of tough, while the niche end markets that we're highly
selective on are going to continue to do better.

Operator

Our next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz of Citi.

Eitan Eliyahu Buchbinder
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

This is Eitan Buchbinder on for Andy. Your upstream Energy guide for 2020 of down 20% is coming off a
comp where -- there was already muted original equipment sales in 2019, with 85% of upstream Energy
coming from aftermarket, can you parse out how much of the continued decline is coming from upstream
aftermarket? And what sort of visibility do you have to the cannibalization of equipment going on in the
fields reaching a potential inflection?

Vicente Reynal
CEO & Director

Yes. So I think one of the things that you'll see here, kind of year-over-year in the -- we were -- we saw
in the first half of 2019, some OE, so we're -- original equipment pumps. So we're still kind of, in the first
half of 2020, comping some tough numbers based on that. So if you were to think about it, we cannot
take it from more the performance that we did in the fourth quarter that basically, when you think about
that sequentially. In the fourth quarter, we saw roughly, call it, $10 million of OE pumps. What we're
saying is that coming into the first half and most likely here in the first quarter, we're not going to see
any of that. So there's going to be a highly book and turn aftermarket business, where, as you saw in the
remarks, we continue to do well by penetrating new accounts and increasing the share of wallet in the
accounts that we know we can take some share.

And then the rest of the year, obviously, very opaque. I mean we don't have a lot of visibility forward.
And that's why we kind of put here a forecast that, in our view, continues to be highly aftermarket-centric
because we expect that there continue to be a lot of activity in the field. And like you said, there's a lot of
fleets that are getting impaired in part. So we think long term, the supply and demand of horsepower is
going to get very well balanced. So the prospects here continue to look positive for us.

Eitan Eliyahu Buchbinder
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

And as a follow-up, the Medical segment was flat organically versus tough comp, about 19%. And looking
back at 3Q, there was also a tough comp, about 19%. I'm just thinking about the sustainable growth rate
for the segment going forward. Is it more low single digits, similar to the guidance for 2020? Or can it
return to high single digits, like in 2019?

Vicente Reynal
CEO & Director

Yes. Our expectation is really more kind of mid- to high single digits. And the reason for why we're saying
low single digits is because if you think about the total general industrial market being down, I mean,
there's going to be potentially some effects that kind of take the medical market to be slightly down to --
from mid-single to low single. But again, as you pointed out, if you look at the historical numbers for this
business, in '18, they did low double-digit; in '19, high single digits. So we think, long term, continues to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

GARDNER DENVER HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

be our expectation that this business over the course will be mid-single digits. And here in 2020, similar
to what we have done in other businesses with all the teams, expect a slow growth environment and let's
focus on our margin expansion.

Operator

Our next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski of Morgan Stanley.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Vicente, just starting off with, obviously, a weaker near-term environment from a market perspective than
maybe what we would have anticipated 6 or 12 months ago at different points in the planning process for
the integration.

Is there more of a mind of -- I guess, for lack of a better term, kind of demand triage as the transaction
closes that as much as you want to get to the meat of some of the integration pieces. You want to
get your arms around the demand curves as well? Or is it really just kind of focusing on the real core
integration activities?

Vicente Reynal
CEO & Director

Yes. So Josh, I'll say that even as we were, I think, on our last earnings call, we also talked about, which
is kind of around the budget timing that -- for us, we said that we were planning to have a very slow
growth to no-growth environment, and that we were going to be very focused on the activities that we
could do into our control.

And as we look into integration that if we see that the environment to be even worse than the slow to no
growth, that we could find ways on accelerating synergy creation. At the same time, I mean, we have the
team very focused on the market. You can see that we continue to invest in demand generation and new
technology platforms like IoT. We continue to those -- view those as great ways for us to penetrate the
market and take share.

But we'll continue to be very focused in areas of our control, while we'll continue to find ways to invest in
in those very unique domain expertise that we have that we think are differentiated.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. And then just thinking more broadly, on kind of the nature of this slowdown, maybe
leaving upstreaming off to the side because it's just a different animal these days. But are there -- is there
evidence in the business of kind of a coiled spring impact or effect with customers where they're sitting
on capital waiting to deploy? Or just this -- just come across more as kind of like a soft landing. And then
once we get through some of these absorption shocks, whether it's trade or coronavirus we kind of return
back to more normalized growth? Any -- just any sense as you talk to customers out there.

Vicente Reynal
CEO & Director

Yes. I don't think that there is a, as you described it, that coiled spring that we -- we were not expecting
that, and I don't think that is what we see out there in the market. I think this -- the current situation in
coronavirus is obviously creating some potentially delays in shipments and demand. However, we see also
other customers investing as some companies are re-looking at diversifying their supply chain again. So
we're not planning for acceleration of growth. We continue to view the market as being kind of slow to
low growth. But we continue to see a pretty healthy funnel in the downstream side for small and medium
projects. So I guess, all up, Josh, I would say, no dramatic change. And here in the first quarter, what we
see is just a little bit more pronounced downturn just based on the coronavirus, but we expect that to be
transitory and be able to recover here in the later part of the year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

GARDNER DENVER HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

And our next question will come from Nicole DeBlase of Deutsche Bank.

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

So just a quick clarification. When you guys talked about slightly less than 20% contribution in the first
quarter that was on adjusted EBITDA, correct? And second question, if that's the case, it's just, what level
of revenue is that based on?

Vicente Reynal
CEO & Director

Yes. So on the first question, yes, you are correct. On the second question, it's on the base of roughly kind
of low double-digit growth on a year-over-year basis.

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. Got it. Thanks Vicente, that's helpful. And then totally understand that your guidance isn't baking in
the impact of coronavirus. But maybe, can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing on the ground in
China? I think factories just kind of got back to work last week, so obviously, a lot's in flux. But it will be
helpful to hear what you're hearing from your customers as well as the potential supply chain impact.

Vicente Reynal
CEO & Director

Sure, Nicole. Yes, so we obviously have launched a very rigorous process where we stay in touch with all
of our employees in China and lay in the hand as much as we can. We also continue to do a lot of kind of
donations to local communities based on our ability of what we can do. Our kind of main factories, the one
that we have in Upper China -- North China, it's open. I'll say maybe kind of 80-ish percent capacity as not
all employees have been able to come back from the holidays.

Our Medical facility, kind of about the same, I'll say, running 80%, 90% capacity utilization at this point in
time. The Medical -- it's making pumps that get used and consumed for respiratory systems as well. So
that's obviously a very kind of critically needed in the current environment.

From a supply chain perspective, we clearly see some disruption in the supply chain. Our team is then
working extensively on how to diversify and find, obviously, other suppliers that could ramp up to the
needs that we need to. I think the good news here is that when the tariffs were established, our team was
already resourcing and refining new supply chains. So I think that's actually quite helpful that we have
now second and third sources of supply base. So all up, I think the team is reacting very quickly, very
agile and trying to protect the customers that still need the product and for us to be able to recover kind
of quickly.

Emily A. Weaver
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. And Nicole, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we are really pleased that our teams are safe
and healthy right now. So we're paying close attention to that, of course, as well as the numbers.

Operator

This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to the
company for any closing remarks.

Vicente Reynal
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

GARDNER DENVER HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

Yes. I -- we're -- I just -- first, I would like to thank our employees for the efforts and the great work that
everyone continues to do. And especially as we kind of pivot to this great moment in our history of being
able to combine 2 fantastic premier companies and then create the new Ingersoll Rand moving forward.
Look -- I look -- we look forward to speaking to many of you here shortly, and we'll talk to you again soon.
Thank you.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

GARDNER DENVER HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

