Gartner, Inc. NYSE:IT
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, May 04, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.05

2.00

Revenue  (mm)

1050.01

1104.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-04-2021 12:40 PM GMT

90.48

5.14

1.09

4.16

5.22

1080.60

4405.58

5008.11

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.81

0.53

0.82

1.05

1.20

0.91

1.59

2.00

48.15 %

71.70 %

93.90 %

90.48 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
GARTNER, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

David Cohen
Group Vice President of Investor
Relations

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Securities, Research Division

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Unknown Analyst

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

GARTNER, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Gartner's First Quarter 2021 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.
[Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your host today, David Cohen, GVP of Investor Relations.
Please go ahead.

David Cohen
Group Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you're joining us today for Gartner's first quarter 2021 earnings
call, and hope you are well. With me on the call today are Gene Hall, Chief Executive Officer; and Craig
Safian, Chief Financial Officer.

This call will include a discussion of first quarter 2021 financial results, and Gartner's updated outlook
for 2021 as disclosed in today's earnings release and earnings supplement, both posted on our website,
investor.gartner.com. Following comments by Gene and Craig, we will open up the call for your questions.
[Operator Instructions]

On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA, with the
adjustments as described in our earnings release. All growth rates in Gene's comments are FX-neutral
unless stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor
Relations section of the gartner.com website. Finally, all contract values and associated growth rates we
discuss are based on 2021 foreign exchange rates unless stated otherwise.

As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute
forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and
are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2020
annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as in other filings with the SEC. I
encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents.

Now I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Gartner performance accelerated in the first quarter of 2021.
We delivered strong results across contract value, revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow. Total revenues
were up 6%, with each of our business segments, research, conferences, and consulting, exceeding our
expectations.

Research is our largest and most profitable segment. Our Research segment serves executives and their
teams across all major enterprise functions in every industry around the world. Research has a vast
market opportunity across all sectors, sizes and geographies.

Global Technology Sales, or GTS, source leaders and their teams within IT. For Q1, GTS contract value
grew 5%. First quarter new business was up 21% as a result of new logos and upsell with existing
clients. Client engagement continue to be strong, with content and analyst interaction volumes up to 26%
compared to Q [indiscernible] 2020.

We saw strong performances across several regions and industries, including tech and midsized
enterprises. We expect GTS contract value growth to continue to accelerate in 2021 and return to double-
digit growth in the future.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

GARTNER, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Global Business Sales, or GBS, serves leaders and their teams beyond IT. This includes HR, supply chain,
finance, marketing, sales, legal and more. GBS achieved contract value growth of 12%, its first quarter
of double-digit growth. New business growth was a very strong 87% in the quarter. All practices, with the
exception of marketing, ended Q1 with double-digit contract value growth rates, and all practices delivered
positive quarterly NCVI.

Across our entire research business, we practiced relentless execution of proven practices, and we're
seeing the results of our efforts. Our Research business is well positioned to return to sustained double-
digit growth over the medium term.

Turning to Conferences, as many of you know, during 2020, our Conferences business pivoted from in-
person destination conferences to virtual. Our value proposition for virtual conferences remains the same
as for in-person conferences. We deliver extraordinarily valuable insights to an engaged and qualified
audience.

While Q1 is a small quarter for conferences, the business exceeded our expectations. Beyond virtual
conferences, we continue to prepare to return to in-person conferences in the second half of 2021.

Gartner Consulting is an extension of Gartner Research, and helps clients execute their most strategic
initiatives through deeper extended project-based work. Our Consulting segment also exceeded our
expectations, with bookings up 26% during Q1. Our Consulting business will continue to serve as an
important complement to our IT Research business.

One of our objectives is to generate strong cash flow. Free cash flow for the quarter was $145 million,
up significantly versus the prior year. In addition, we used that cash flow plus cash balances to purchase
more than $600 million in stock through April of this year. With these repurchases, our Board increased
our share repurchase authorization by another $500 million.

We recently launched our 2020 Corporate Responsibility Report. The report details the progress we
made in accelerating positive social change and contributing to a more sustainable world. We want our
associates, communities and clients to continue to thrive today and in the future. The report can be found
on gartner.com, and I encourage you to take a look.

Summarizing, Q1 was a strong quarter with all 3 business segments exceeding our expectations. Looking
ahead, we are well positioned for sustained success. We have a vast addressable market which will
allow us to achieve double-digit contract value and revenue growth over the next 5 years and beyond.
We expect to deliver modest EBITDA margin expansion going forward from a normalized 2021. We
generate significant free cash flow in excess of net income, which we'll continue to deploy through share
repurchases and strategic tuck-in acquisitions.

And with that, I'll hand the call over to Craig. Craig?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Gene, and good morning. I hope everyone remains safe and well. First quarter results were
outstanding with very good momentum across the business.

Revenue was well above our expectations. Despite the lower-than-planned expenses, we are well
positioned to take advantage of the strong demand environment. We will continue to restore spending
to support and drive long-term sustained double-digit growth. With stronger-than-expected results in
contract value, nonsubscription research and consulting, we are increasing our revenue growth and
normalized margin outlook, which results in a meaningful increase to our 2021 guidance. The improved
outlook reflects the increased visibility we have following the stronger-than-expected first quarter.

First quarter revenue was $1.1 billion, up 8% year-over-year as reported and 6% FX-neutral. In addition,
total contribution margin was 70%, up more than 320 basis points versus the prior year. EBITDA was $320
million, up 50% year-over-year and up 44% FX-neutral. Adjusted EPS was $2, and free cash flow in the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

GARTNER, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

quarter was $145 million. Research revenue in the first quarter grew 8% year-over-year as reported and
6% on an FX-neutral basis, and we saw strong retention and new business throughout the quarter.

First quarter research contribution margin was 74%, up about 200 basis points versus 2020. Higher
contribution margins reflect both improved operational effectiveness and the avoidance of travel expenses.
Some of the margin improvement compared to historical levels is temporary and will reverse as the world
reopens, and we increase spending to support growth. We are seeing a benefit from increased scale and a
mix shift to higher-margin products, including from the discontinuation of certain lower-margin marketing
products.

Total contract value grew 6% FX-neutral to $3.7 billion at March 31. Quarterly net contract value increase,
or NCVI, was $59 million, significantly better than the pandemic affected first quarter last year. Quarterly
NCVI is a helpful way to measure contract value performance in the quarter, even though there is notable
seasonality in this metric.

Global Technology Sales contract value at the end of the first quarter was $3 billion, up 5% versus the
prior year. GTS CV increased $34 million from the fourth quarter. The selling environment continued to
improve in the first quarter but while retention isn't yet fully back to normal. Moving forward, we expect
win backs and a return to more expansion with existing clients to contribute to growth in 2021, consistent
with our experience coming out of the last downturn.

By industry, CV growth was led by technology, health care and services, while retention for GTS was
98% for the quarter, down about 560 basis points year-over-year. Sequentially, a majority of our industry
groups saw retention improve from the fourth quarter.

GTS new business was up 21% versus last year with strength in new logos and an improvement in upsell
with existing clients. Our regular full set of metrics can be found in our earnings supplement.

Global Business Sales contract value was $731 million at the end of the first quarter, up 12% year-
over-year. GBS CV increased $25 million from the fourth quarter. This was the strongest first quarter
performance we've seen from GBS.

CV growth was led by the health care and technology industries. All practices recorded double-digit CV
growth with the exception of marketing, which was impacted by discontinued products. However, our
marketing practice saw improving retention rates and a return to year-over-year new business growth in
the quarter. All of our practices, including marketing, showed sequential increases in CV from the fourth
quarter. While retention for GBS was 104% for the quarter, up more than 330 basis points year-over-year,
GBS new business was up 87% over last year, led by very strong growth across the full portfolio. As with
GTS, our regular full set of GBS metrics can be found in our earnings supplement.

Conferences revenue for the quarter was $25 million. We had about $10 million of onetime revenue in the
quarter. This reflected contract entitlements, which we extended beyond the end of 2020 as a result of the
pandemic. Contribution margin in the quarter was 56%. We held 5 virtual conferences in the quarter. We
also held a number of virtual Avanta meetings.

First quarter consulting revenues increased by 4% year-over-year to $100 million. On an FX-neutral
basis, revenues were flat. Consulting contribution margin was 39% in the first quarter, up 860 basis
points versus the prior year quarter. Labor-based revenues were $84 million, up 4% versus Q1 of last
year and down 1% on an FX-neutral basis. Labor-based billable headcount of 744 was down 8% due to
headcount actions taken in Q2 and Q3 of last year. Utilization was 68%, up about 550 basis points year-
over-year. Backlog at March 31 was $116 million, up 3% year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis after a
strong bookings quarter. Our backlog provides us with about 4 months of forward revenue coverage.

Our Contract Optimization business was up 6% on a reported basis versus the prior year quarter and 3%
FX-neutral. As we have detailed in the past, this part of the consulting segment is highly variable.

Consolidated cost of services decreased 2% year-over-year and 4% FX-neutral in the first quarter.
Cost of services declined due to lower travel and entertainment costs during the quarter, as well as the
continuation of various cost avoidance initiatives.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

GARTNER, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

SG&A decreased 2% year-over-year and 4% FX-neutral in the first quarter as well. SG&A declined due
to lower facilities, travel, entertainment, and conference-related expenses, as well as the continuation of
various cost avoidance initiatives.

As CV rebounds this year, our traditional sales productivity metrics will also improve. For 2021, we have
ample sales capacity to drive increasing CV growth, a more tenured-than-usual sales force, several
consecutive quarters of strong client engagement which should drive improving retention, and the insights
to help our clients address their most critical priorities.

Going forward, in addition to the initiatives to improve sales force productivity and cost effectiveness
we've been discussing the past few years, this year, we are investing to upgrade many of our sales
technology tools. We will be ramping up our sales force hiring later in the year to ensure we have the team
in place to drive strong CV growth next year. We still anticipate high single-digit growth in both GTS and
GBS headcount by the end of 2021.

EBITDA for the first quarter was $320 million, up 50% year-over-year on a reported basis and up 44% FX-
neutral. First quarter EBITDA reflected revenue above the high end and costs towards the low end of our
expectations for the first quarter.

Depreciation in the quarter was up about $3 million versus 2020, including real estate and software, which
went into service since the first quarter of last year. Net interest expense, excluding deferred financing
costs in the quarter, was $25 million, flat versus the first quarter of 2020.

The Q1 adjusted tax rate, which we used for the calculation of adjusted net income, was 23.5% for the
quarter. The tax rate for the items used to adjust net income was 22.4% in the quarter.

Adjusted EPS in Q1 was $2. Recall that about $6 million of equity compensation expense, which we
normally would have incurred in the fourth quarter of 2020, shifted into the first quarter of 2021. The
weighted average fully diluted share count for the first quarter was 89.1 million shares. The ending fully
diluted share count at March 31st was 87.7 million shares.

Operating cash flow for the quarter was $157 million compared to $56 million last year. The increase in
operating cash flow was primarily driven by EBITDA growth, improved collections and cost avoidance
initiatives.

CapEx for the quarter was $13 million, down 49% year-over-year. Lower CapEx is largely a function of
lower real estate investments.

Free cash flow for the quarter was $145 million, which was up about 360% versus the prior year.
Free cash flow growth continues to be an important part of our business model, with modest capital
expenditure needs and upfront client payments. Free cash flow as a percent of revenue or free cash flow
margin was 22% on a rolling 4-quarter basis, continuing the improvement we've been making over the
past few years. Free cash flow is well in excess of both GAAP and adjusted net income.

At the end of the first quarter, we had $446 million of cash. Our March 31st debt balance was $2 billion. At
the end of the first quarter, we had about $1 billion of revolver capacity. Our reported gross debt to trailing
12-month EBITDA was about 2.2x. We remain very comfortable with our current gross debt level and the
corresponding lower leverage multiple. The multiple has reduced predominantly from increased EBITDA.

Our expected free cash flow generation and excess cash remaining on the balance sheet provide ample
liquidity and cash to deliver on our capital allocation strategy of share repurchases and strategic tuck-in
M&A. During the first quarter, we repurchased $398 million in stock at an average price of about $180 per
share. In the month of April, we repurchased more than $200 million of our stock.

At the end of April, the Board increased our share repurchase authorization for the second time this
year, adding another $500 million. As of April 30, we have around $790 million available for open market
repurchases. We expect the Board will continue to refresh the repurchased authorization as needed going
forward. As we continue to repurchase shares, we expect our capital base to shrink going forward. This
is accretive to earnings per share and combined with growing profits, also delivers increasing returns on

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

GARTNER, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

invested capital over time as well. We are updating our full year guidance to reflect Q1 performance and
an improved and increased outlook for the remainder of the year.

For Research, the strong start to the year in CV performance and improvements to nonsubscription
revenue are contributing to higher-than-previously-expected research revenue. For Conferences, our
guidance is still based on being virtual for the full year. Operationally, we are planning to relaunch in-
person Avanta meetings in the third quarter and in-person destination conferences starting in September.

Our guidance includes fixed costs, primarily people and marketing related to both a full year of virtual
and a partial year of in-person conferences. We've excluded the variable costs, primarily venue-related
associated with in-person conferences from our guidance. If we are able to run in-person conferences, we
expect incremental upside to both our revenue and profitability for 2021.

For Consulting revenues, demand started the year better than we expected and the backlog improved
during the first quarter. For expenses, we have reinstated benefits, which were either canceled or deferred
in 2020. This includes our annual merit increase, which took effect April 1. We also plan to increase quota-
bearing head count in the high single digits for both GTS and GBS by the end of 2021.

Additionally, we continue to invest in several other programs. The impact of most of these expense
restorations or investments impact our P&L starting in the second quarter.

As you know, travel expenses were close to 0 from April 2020 through March 2021. Our current plans
continue to assume a modest ramp-up in travel-related expenses over the course of 2021. Most of this
ramp is built into the second half of the year. If travel restrictions remain in place for longer than we've
assumed, we'd see expense savings.

For our revenue guidance, we now expect Research revenue of at least $3.935 billion, which is growth of
at least 9.2%. We expect Conferences revenue of at least $170 million which is growth of at least 42%.
We now expect consulting revenue of at least $400 million, which is growth of at least 6.4%. The result is
an outlook for consolidated revenue of at least $4.5 billion, which is growth of 9.9%.

Based on current foreign exchange rates and business mix, the consolidated growth includes an FX benefit
of about 200 basis points. The year-over-year FX benefit is more pronounced in the first half of the year.

With the ongoing business momentum we are seeing, we are planning to restore growth spending as
we move through the year. We now expect full year adjusted EBITDA of at least $1 billion, which is an
increase of about 22.3% versus 2020 and reported margins of at least 22%. This is based on conferences
running virtual only. The 18% to 19% expected margins in the back half of the year should provide a
reasonable run rate for thinking about the margins going forward as we will have more fully restored costs
and resumed growth hiring.

We expect our full year 2021 adjusted net interest expense to be $102 million. We expect an adjusted
tax rate of around 22% for 2021. We now expect 2021 adjusted EPS of at least $6.25. For 2021, we
now expect free cash flow of at least $850 million. This is before any insurance proceeds related to 2020
conference cancellations. All the details of our full year guidance are included on our Investor Relations
site.

Finally, we expect to deliver at least $270 million of EBITDA in Q2 of 2021. We expect the second quarter
tax rate in the high 20s.

Looking out over the medium term, our financial model and expectations are unchanged. With 12% to
16% research CV growth, we will deliver double-digit revenue growth. With gross margin expansion, sales
cost growing in line with CV growth over time and G&A leverage, we can modestly expand margins from
a normalized 2021 level of around 18% to 19%. We can grow free cash flow at least as fast as EBITDA
because of our modest CapEx needs and the benefits of our clients paying us upfront. We will repurchase
shares over time, which will lower the share count as well.

We had a strong start to the year with momentum across the business. We have meaningfully updated our
outlook for 2021 to reflect the stronger demand environment and our enhanced visibility. We are restoring

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

GARTNER, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

certain expenses and investing to ensure we are well positioned to rebound as the economy recovers.
We repurchased more than $600 million worth of stock this year through the end of April and remain
committed to returning excess capital to our shareholders.
With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

GARTNER, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Meuler with Baird.

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

So anything further to say on the GBS metrics and how you look at the opportunity? Gene, you've
obviously been really positive on it for a while, and many on this call have been skeptical. But beyond
I-told-you-so answer, like is it that there's a much richer seats per client opportunity because of all of
the different verticals that you serve within GBS? Just trying to, I guess, better understand how the new
business sold, for instance, could be up 87%.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Jeff. No. So GBS has been accelerating over several quarters if you look back. And what's going on is, as
you said, there's a tremendous growth opportunity, the untapped market in GBS -- in GTS, it's a huge
untapped market. In GBS, we're even less penetrated than that. And so, the first piece of it is there's an
incredibly large market opportunity.

The second piece of it is that we had to get all of the elements that we know that are part of the Gartner
formula lined up to fully realize that opportunity. And it's things like training the sales force, we introduced
a whole set of products, which, the GxL products, we talked about over time. And the combination of both,
getting our sales force up to speed on the kind of Gartner way we sell and getting all the new products
introduced and making sure the sales force understood on how to sell them, that has resulted in us getting
and implementing all the kind of process improvements that we've used historically and continue to
improve.

You pull all those things together, and that's resulted in GBS accelerating each of the quarters, as we
talked about earlier. And so it's a combination of all the sort of applying subtle versions, it's applying the
Gartner formula to the GBS market where we have this incredibly huge opportunity.

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And then, I guess, I was -- I know you said it was from Q2 and Q3 actions, but I was surprised that
how much sales headcount was down sequentially with the momentum that seems to be building in the
business. I'm guessing there's not an issue here given the CV and new business sold metrics. But can you
just help us maybe understand like the sales retention of the A players are those that you want to retain?
How was it around year end?

And then as you think about sales force headcount planning, I guess, how's the apparatus functioning for
hiring new salespeople in a remote work and training environments? Or do you kind of need to get back to
the office to release spend that up?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

So in a remote environment as well as in office environment, we have a great value proposition to attract
sellers to Gartner. We have over time, and we continue to be -- if you want to be in the selling field,
Gartner is the place to be. And by the way, we've had remote salespeople for a long time. Many, probably
-- a large proportion of our field salespeople are actually deployed remotely even before the pandemic.
And so we're used to working remotely there.

The -- we use the opportunity of the pandemic to look at what sales territories were most productive.
And our sales headcount did go down a little bit as we looked at areas that we thought that were less
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

GARTNER, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

productive than we could actually invest better. And if you look at our sales productivity, for 2021, we have
plenty of capacity to continue to accelerate the terms of our growth for both GBS and GTS.

Then going forward, as Craig said, during the year, we expect to accelerate our hiring and end the year
with high single-digit growth in headcount in both GBS and GTS, which positions us really well for 2022 to
continue the growth as we've done in the past.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

And Gene, the other thing -- Jeff, the other thing I'd add is one of the things we are very mindful of last
year is to not cut into our recruiting capacity base or selling organizations. And so, we really did maintain
recruiting capacity, so that when we wanted to turn it back on, we have the ability to turn it back on
relatively quickly. And again, we do believe and we're confident in our ability to get to those high single-
digit growth rates for both GTS and GBS this year.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I was hoping you could dive into the margin drivers a little bit more, and just talk about the sustainability
of the strengths there. I know you talked about travel being a potential lever in terms of the delta between
what your guidance could be an upside. But maybe also talk about the shift to the higher-margin products
that you talked about and the sales force ramp being faster or slower, and how to think about the drivers
for the year on the margin side.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Good morning, Toni. Thank for that. On the margins, clearly, Q1 was an exceptionally strong margin
performance. And as we talked about, earlier, it was a combination of super strong performance on the top
line. And underspending versus our estimates, sort of across the board, resulting in very strong EBITDA
and very strong EBITDA margins.

As we look out over the balance of the year, we expect margins in the 18% to 19% range for the balance
of the year, for the second half of the year. And we feel like that's a good baseline because we will have
fully restored or at least begun -- begin restoring all the expenses that we have been avoiding for the last
several quarters that we want to put back in. We will be aggressively adding growth to our sales force in
a number of other areas and also investing in key areas that we believe are super important for us to be
able to sustain double-digit growth.

Obviously, moving forward, the business is going to look a little bit different. The P&L is going to look a
little bit different than it did pre pandemic. And clearly, our expectations around our "normal operating
margins", or EBITDA margins, are a lot higher than they were pre pandemic. And that's because of some
of the structural changes that you alluded to, Toni, that we are going to fully harvest moving forward. And
so those are things like having lower overall travel expenses. We've learned through the pandemic that we
do want to travel and we do need to travel but we don't need to spend nearly as much -- or drive as much
volume in terms of travel to run our business going forward.

I think similarly, with facilities, we have the ability now to reallocate and reapportion our facility footprint
which means we can really grow into what we currently have and we shouldn't need to meaningfully
increase our facilities expenses as we did historically when we added lots of people. We always needed to
make sure we grow our facilities. Those are the 2 big ones.

And then the last thing I would mention, just on your point on the margin side, we are benefiting from
a few things there. One is -- and I'll give you the example, is within the marketing practice. And as we
told you several quarters ago, we discontinued several low margin products, and the sales team has been

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

GARTNER, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

focused on replacing them with higher-margin products. And we're seeing that happen in the marketing
practice, and we're also seeing that happen in several of our other practices, including GTS as well, which
is certainly helping the overall gross margin and overall margin profile as well.

And then lastly, clearly with GBS growing the way it is, we're adding scale to each of the practices that we
serve and support as well, which is clearly helping on the economic and margin front as well.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's helpful. And during the prepared remarks, you mentioned upgrading your sales technology tools.
Is this a major program or just a more modest upgrade? And can you talk about how long that might take
and when we start to see the benefits and just what kind of benefits we should expect there?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

So Toni, yes, as you know, one of the important elements of growing sales productivity is the tools we
provide our sales force. We've been focused on that over time. And in fact, over the last couple of years
specifically, we've done a program to upgrade all of the -- many of the internal systems that support
sales, things like billing systems, things like that, that impact sales productivity in an indirect way because
salespeople use them, even though it's not necessarily the toolings every day.

In addition to that, we are currently in the process of implementing a new CRM system, which we use by
sales as well as other people throughout the business. And as we design that system, we know there are
a number of opportunities to put capabilities of that system that we believe will enhance sales productivity
over time. And in fact, not just sales productivity, but also help our service teams be more effective as
well.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Gary Bisbee with Bank of America.

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Securities, Research Division

Terrific results. I guess let me ask one about free cash flow. Craig, you introduced this concept in the last
couple of quarters of a free cash flow margin. Given the higher-normalized EBITDA margin commentary
you just provided, is it reasonable to think that the free cash flow margin may be somewhat better beyond
this year than how you've been framing that previously?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Good morning, Gary, and great question. Yes, so I think the way that we think about the free cash flow
margin is running about 3 points below the EBITDA margin. And so with an improved EBITDA margin
outlook, the free cash flow margin outlook moves up in conjunction with that. And it's -- obviously, the
EBITDA growth is sort of the primary fuel for the strong free cash flow. But clearly, our focus on managing
that CapEx line and also our focus on making sure that our collections pacing and collections efficiency, is
strong as well or the things that are driving our updated outlook on that free cash flow margin.

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then just a question on the new business metric and the strength across both segments.
How much of this would you attribute to just sort of catch-up to what was, obviously, a period of
time where it was very difficult to sell a couple of quarters ago versus improvement in the underlying
momentum? Certainly, GBS, it feels like you've had that momentum improving regardless of the pandemic
impact for a number of quarters now. But on the GTS side, is it more just catch-up or has just the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

GARTNER, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

continued dynamic change in technology, driving real underlying growth other than just catch-up from a
couple of tough quarters to sell?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Yes, Gary, great question. And I think it's actually both. I think there is clearly some pent-up demand
where people want to buy our services, but the company -- our clients were cautious in the past in terms
of -- which extended selling cycles and obviously left some pent-up demand. So I think we're certainly
seeing some of that.

In addition, though, to your point, every business has now figured out that they want to be -- that they
need to be a digital business. And so that's clearly also supporting new business growth as well.

And in GBS in particular, again, I just think we -- as I mentioned earlier, I've just been getting better and
better at every aspect of our business. Both the products are better, the sales execution, sales support is
great, the service support is great. And so I think we're getting better over time. So it's a combination of
those factors.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of George Tong with Goldman Sachs.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

GBS CV growth was 12% in the quarter. How do you expect GBS CV to perform over the remainder of the
year, especially considering CV comps get easier as we move through the year?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Good morning, George. Go ahead, Gene, do you want to take it?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Go ahead, Craig. Go ahead.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Okay, thanks. So I think with -- obviously, with the GBS CV growth, we've seen an acceleration in that
metric over the last few quarters. And I'd agree with you that the Q1 and Q2 comps were easier. I think
with the acceleration we saw in contract value growth and in new business strength the second half of last
year, the GBS comps, I wouldn't say are particularly easy. We do feel really good about where we are with
the GBS business and have a lot of strength there. And again, logging 87% year-over-year new business
growth even on an easy compare is still a pretty impressive number. So we feel good about where the CV
balance is at the end of the first quarter. The pipeline looks strong. Our sales teams, we all feel good about
the future.

We don't guide on CV specifically, as you know, George. And so we're not going to provide what we think
the number is going to be in Q3 or Q4, but we do feel very good about the pacing and the strength of the
business that we've seen.

And the other thing I'd mention is the really nice thing about the GBS growth, and both Gene and I
alluded to this earlier is its real great strength across all of the major practices. And we're starting to see
marketing chip in as well, which is great. So it's not just one practice that is driving the growth. We're
seeing really strong growth in HR, in supply chain, in finance, in legal, in sales and with marketing starting
to gain altitude as well. So we do feel good about the strength of the GBS business right now.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

GARTNER, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. You mentioned underspending a bit in 1Q and that you're now targeting 18% to
19% normalized EBITDA margins in the second half of the year, which is going to be the base of which to
expand margins going forward. How should we think about margins more near term, say, in 2Q?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, so the margins in 2Q, based on what we're seeing from a revenue outlook perspective, will also be
probably a little bit higher than normal, it will be a little bit higher than normal just based on the pacing
of us making the investments and putting the money to work. And so, as we talked about, one of the
big investments, obviously, is growing the sales forces. And that will happen in ramp over the over the
balance of the year. And so, we will have some of that hit in Q2, but then it sort of compounds as we
roll into Q3 and Q4. And so, I think, the Q2 margins will be higher than that normalized level that we're
talking about for the second half of the year, for sure.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Nicholas with William Blair.

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Given the strength in both GTS and GBS, it would certainly seem like a pretty receptive end market. Just
wondering how aggressive you can be on the hiring front. I know you mentioned sticking with high single-
digit growth in headcount in both businesses and that's certainly not a small number. But did you give any
thought to accelerating that growth even further? Are there limitations to how quickly you can add bodies
or any other considerations worth keeping in mind?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Yes, Andrew, it's Gene. Great question. So as we look at our sales force today, we believe we've got a lot
of capacity in terms of improving our sales productivity. And so we want to make sure we capture that
capacity as well and then complement that with growth. As we said, our target right now is in the high
single digits this year to position us really well for next year in terms of double-digit growth. And so that's
kind of our plan right now.

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Got it. And then maybe a bigger-picture question. We're over a year now from what most would consider
to be the start of the pandemic. I was hoping you could spend some time kind of discussing what you
think are the biggest learnings for the management team in terms of running the business.

Obviously, you spent time on the cost structure already, so probably don't need to spend more time there.
But maybe on kind of sales force training or execution or the optimal conference mix between hybrid and
in-person content engagement, whatever it is, just love to hear kind of the top 2 or 3 things that you feel
like you're taking away from the past year that you might not have otherwise had transparency into.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Yes, Andrew, it's a great question. We've thought about it a lot. There's the old adage about the tough
times make you stronger, I think, certainly applies to how we feel about it for us. In the sense that when
the pandemic hit last year, it was pretty tough. And so, there were a lot of innovations we tried. We really
were -- had the largest set of innovative things that we tried in -- I guess, in the second -- beginning
second quarter of last year, things like different kinds of formats for adding value remotely, things like

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

GARTNER, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

that. And what we found is that the whole wave of innovation has resulted in some learnings. Some stuff
didn't work that great. Some stuff worked really, really well, and we're going to continue that -- those
things going forward.

So I think one learning is just that there were a bunch of specific innovations that we came up with. An
example of it kind of is very clear is virtual conferences where we didn't have any virtual conferences
before. It certainly begs the question going forward. We've learned to be very successful with virtual
conferences. Well, when we can go back to in-person, should we continue those virtual conferences as
well, which we almost certainly will in different circumstances.

Similarly, with our products, we learned some ways to add value remotely that we hadn't used before that
we will continue to use going forward. We also learned that we need less travel -- as Craig said earlier,
we'd probably need less travel than we thought we did before the pandemic. We also -- we've always
had a large -- a relatively large share of our workforce working remotely, but for the pandemic, where
everybody working remotely. So again, we developed new work practices that will, I think, improve our
productivity going forward for all of our remote workers, even when some of our workers are back in the
office. So those are some examples of some of the learnings that we've had from the -- this time we've
gone through this pandemic time.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets.

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Let me add my congratulations as well. My first question is just on the guidance for the year. It looks
like you took revenue guidance up about $140 million and adjusted EBITDA guidance up about $240
million. I know you had that big upside in the first quarter, I don't think you provided official guidance. But
compared to where we were 3 months ago, are you also raising expectations for the last 3 quarters of the
year? Or is it just basically on the first quarter upside surprise?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Good morning, Jeff. It's a combination of both. So the strength we saw in the first quarter or the source of
the beat, if you will, was a combination of revenue strength which sticks. And also, because a lot of it was
CV strength, we get to flow that through now the balance of the year combined with lightness in spending.
And we are going to be increasing costs nicely and consistently over the next 3 quarters.

That said, it's a little bit lighter than what we originally baked into our forecast just based on some of the
softness we saw in Q1 and our ability to ramp up as quickly as we want to. So it is definitely a combination
of the Q1 overperformance and then extending that through the balance of the year, given the momentum
we've seen, not only on the subscription part of the research business, but the nonsubscription part of the
research business, the strength we saw in bookings and backlog in the quarter allowed us to increase our
consulting outlook. We increased our conferences outlook a little bit as well. So it was strength across the
board.

And I'd say the other big thing is, obviously, getting through the first quarter gave us a lot more visibility
into not only what happened in the rearview mirror during the first quarter, but the outlook as well and the
combination of all those things gave us the confidence to increase the overall outlook for the year the way
you see in our updated guidance.

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay. Appreciate that. And if I could just switch back to Research, I know you talked about strength
across all verticals. I wonder if you can give us some comments about geographies. I'm just curious how
the U.S. is doing versus the non-U.S., and if there's any international countries to call out either positively
or negative, that would be great.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

GARTNER, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Yes, I mean, basically -- go ahead, Craig.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

No, please. Go ahead. You got it.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Yes, so the -- what I'd say is, the -- we did well around the world. The U.S. was stronger than some other
markets, and there are some markets, like you can imagine, India, which isn't big for us, but didn't grow
as well. Europe didn't grow as fast as the U.S. So you think about kind of -- it correlates pretty closely to
how the pandemic is doing around the world.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Manav Patnaik with Barclays.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Gene, I just wanted to ask just on GBS again. Obviously, the growth was very impressive. I just wanted
to really talk about the dynamic of the client count in GBS continue to decline. I was just hoping you could
just talk about that again.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

So, Manav, are you asking about -- just to clarify, are you asking about what's happened with the growth
in the number of clients?

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Yes, I mean, the -- you're selling obviously -- it sounds as with the wallet retention maybe you're selling
more of the existing plans, but that client count that you report keeps declining. So I'm just curious what's
happening there.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Gene, yes. I'll...

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Yes. So -- yes, go ahead.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Good morning, Manav. Sorry. So I think a couple of things. One is, it's down year-over-year, but we've
actually seen nice sequential improvement, particularly from fourth quarter into Q1. If you'll remember,
Manav, the way we go to market in GBS is essentially by functional area. And so just because a client
might be an HR client, we've got a team that goes in and then tries to convert the finance team and bring
them honest clients. And so, we are able to generate really nice growth from existing enterprises because
we may only have one function. As clients, we may have 2, we may have 3, we may have 4, and it varies
across the board.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

GARTNER, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

And so, I think, the strength in GBS new business was a combination of new logo growth and expanding
within existing client enterprises. But even, again, to understand our point, when we are expanding in
client enterprises, it is often like a brand-new client, where they've gone from zero CV in finance, they
become a finance client. And again, it won't increment up necessarily the client enterprise count.

But again, we did see a nice sequential bump from 4Q into the first quarter and a large portion of that new
business strength we saw in GBS in the first quarter could be attributed to brand-new logos.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Got it. And Craig, just on the guidance, obviously, understandably given the COVID dynamics, you've gone
through this kind of at least guidance number that you gave out there. And I just wanted to have you
talk a little bit more about the increased visibility you talked about, but still perhaps what else is cloudy
out there of the Events business? Just to try and gauge how conservative you're still being with these
numbers.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, yes. So we actually converted to the at least pre pandemic. It gets associated with the it -- with the
pandemic, but we had actually converted to this way of guiding just prior to the pandemic.

Yes, I think, we want to guide in ways that we feel that we are very confident that we will be able to
achieve that guidance. And the way we've been updating our guidance each quarter over the last several
quarters is we analyzed what happened in the most recent quarter. We utilized the enhanced visibility we
have from a performance in that quarter and looking forward. And then we flow that through both our top
line metrics and on the expense side as well.

I think, in particular, we were a little cautious entering the year, particularly with thinking about the CV
ramp, which drives the bulk of our -- bulk of our revenue for the business. And we had a really strong first
quarter from a CV ramp perspective. And the beauty of that is we had some benefit in the first quarter.
But the reality is the bulk of that benefit flows through to the balance of the year as we recognize that
revenue. And now we've got a view into Q2 pipeline and into Q3 pipeline as well. So we just have that
advanced -- enhanced visibility as well.

And so again, I think, from a guidance perspective, these are numbers that, based on everything we're
seeing, based on most recent performance, based on the visibility that we have around subsequent
quarters or quarters that are coming up, this is what we believe the business is going to perform at. And
that hasn't really changed in terms of our, I'd say, guidance philosophy or guidance methodology. So just
given the volatility in the overall selling environment driven by the pandemic, driven by recessions, driven
by other things.

Obviously, the visibility does change or the facts that drive the visibility have been changing very rapidly
quarter-to-quarter, and we've been adjusting on that each and every quarter since. And so from where we
sit today, the updated guide, while it is significantly higher than what we had guided originally in the year,
those are the numbers we feel very confident with.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies.

Unknown Analyst

This is John filling in for Hamzah. Could you talk a bit about your current penetration level? I believe it sits
around 4 to 6 seats across the enterprise. Where do you think it could go from here?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

GARTNER, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

So great question, John. I mean the -- we have 2 levels that were under-penetrated. One is just the
number of enterprises that we have. As we talked about before, we have more than 100,000 enterprises
that we target today. And so we have a large number of enterprises we can go after. And then secondly
then, within each enterprise, we have a lot of opportunity for additional seats. And it's a little different
with GTS and GBS.

With GTS, if you think about it as being within the technology organizations, those are large organizations,
they're growing. And even among our existing clients, there's tremendous growth opportunities. We have
products for, obviously, the C level, their direct reports and then on down through to their organization.

And then if you look at GBS, then you have each of the functions, as Craig mentioned earlier, finance,
marketing, sales, legal, et cetera. And each of those functions today, we have very, very low penetration
in both enterprises, and we still have the same opportunity to add seats for each of those organizations
as well. And many of those organizations are quite large, like you think about the sales organization, for
example, our finance organization. There's just enormous opportunities there.

And so the -- whether it's GTS or GBS, we have huge opportunities, both for additional enterprises, but
also for individual seats within those enterprises, both directly reporting -- the C-level -- reporting the C
level and then throughout the organization.

Unknown Analyst

Great. Maybe could you just walk us through how sales trends progressed throughout the quarter from
January, February and March? And then if you have any thoughts on April, did we accelerate throughout
the quarter?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

So what I'd say is the selling environment improved throughout the quarter. In particular, I think, selling
cycles became shorter throughout the quarter. And what most clients would say is that they got more
visibility in terms of their own operations. And so knew better what kind of money -- budget money they
had. And so I'd sort of say the selling arm got better throughout the quarter.

Operator

There are no further questions. I will now turn the call back to Gene Hall for closing remarks.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

So summarizing today's call, Q1 was a strong quarter. We stated expectations across all 3 of our business
segments: Research, Conferences, and Consulting. GBS delivered its first quarter of double-digit growth.
And across GTS and GBS, we had very strong new business growth.

Looking ahead, we are well positioned for success, for sustained success. And we have a vast addressable
market, which will allow us to achieve double-digit contract value and revenue growth over the next 5
years and beyond.

We expect to deliver modest EBITDA margin expansion going forward from a normalized 2021. We
generate significant free cash flow in excess of net income, which we'll continue to deploy through share
repurchases and strategic tuck-in acquisitions.

Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

GARTNER, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

