Gartner, Inc. NYSE:IT
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, August 03, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.73

2.24

Revenue  (mm)

1120.07

1167.30

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-03-2021 12:40 PM GMT

29.48

4.22

1.35

6.37

6.23

1098.63

4525.31

5115.76

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.53

0.82

1.05

1.73

0.91

1.59

2.00

2.24

71.70 %

93.90 %

90.48 %

29.48 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
GARTNER, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

David Cohen
Group Vice President of Investor
Relations

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Securities, Research Division

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Mario J. Cortellacci
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

GARTNER, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Thank you for staying by, and welcome to the Gartner Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's call may be recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I'd now like to hand the call over to David Cohen, Gartner's GVP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

David Cohen
Group Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, everyone. We appreciate your joining us today for Gartner's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings
Call, and hope you are well. With me on the call today are Gene Hall, Chief Executive Officer; and Craig
Safian, Chief Financial Officer.

This call will include a discussion of second quarter 2021 financial results and Gartner's updated outlook
for 2021 as disclosed in today's earnings release and earnings supplement, both posted to our website,
investor.gartner.com. Following comments by Gene and Craig, we will open up the call for your questions.
[Operator Instructions]

On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA with the
adjustments as described in our earnings release. All growth rates in Gene's comments are FX-neutral,
unless stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available in the Investor
Relations section of the gartner.com website. Finally, all contract values and associated growth rates we
discuss are based on 2021 foreign exchange rates unless stated otherwise.

As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute
forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and
are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2020
annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. I
encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents.

Now I'll turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Gartner's positive momentum continued in the second quarter
of 2021. We again delivered strong results across contract value, revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow. We
significantly increased the pace of our buybacks.

Total company revenues were up 16%, with strength in all 3 business segments, and research exceeding
our expectations. We continue to see growth opportunities across industries, geographies and every size
enterprise.

Research is our largest and most profitable segment. Our research segment serves executives and their
teams across all major enterprise functions in every industry around the world. Our market opportunity is
vast across all sectors, sizes and geographies.

Total contract value growth increased 11%, with both GTS and GBS accelerating in the quarter. This was
driven by strength in both retention and new business.

Global Technology Sales, or GTS, serves leaders and their teams within IT. For Q2, GTS contract value
growth accelerated to 9%, and we have CV growth in all of our top 10 countries. GTS drove strong growth
across virtually all industries, including manufacturing, services and tech and telecom. And we expect GTS
contract value growth to continue accelerating, returning to double-digit growth in the future.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

GARTNER, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Global Business Sales, or GBS, serves leaders and their teams beyond IT. This includes HR, supply chain,
finance, marketing, sales, legal and more. GBS again accelerated, delivering outstanding contract value
growth of 18%. All practices contributed to our growth. And our HR, finance, sales and supply chain
practices each exceeded 20% contract value growth.

So across our entire research business, we're seeing the results of sustained focus and consistent
execution of proven practices. We continue to have a vast market opportunity, and our research business
is well positioned as we continue to deliver long-term, sustained double-digit growth.

Turning to conferences. For the second quarter of 2021, conferences revenues were $58 million, again
exceeding our expectations. As many of you know, during 2020, we were unable to hold in-person
conferences. To address this situation, we created virtual conferences to deliver extraordinarily valuable
insights to our audiences. We continue to operationally prepare for some in-person conferences in the
second half of the year if conditions allow.

Gartner Consulting is the extension of Gartner Research and helps clients execute their most strategic
initiatives through deeper, extended project-based work. Consulting revenues were up 4% in Q2. We
had strength in our labor-based business, with labor-based revenue up 20% over this time last year.
Contract optimization revenue was down from a record high last year. Overall, consulting continues to be
an important complement to our IT research business.

To ensure we keep pace with our accelerating growth rates, we're rapidly growing our recruiting capacity.
Our hiring is accelerating. Even in today's tough labor market, candidates see Gartner as a great place
for a long-term career. They know we have an incredible impact on our clients, that we're a sales-driven
growth company and our growth provides among the best promotion and professional development
opportunities for all our associates.

With strong revenues and continued disciplined cost management, EBITDA exceeded expectations. Strong
EBITDA, combined with effective cash management, resulted in strong free cash flow. Our priorities
for cash flow continue to be strategic, tuck-in acquisitions, like the small one we did this quarter, and
repurchases.

Summarizing. Q2 was another strong quarter, with strength in all 3 business segments and research
exceeding our expectations. We delivered strong results across contract value, revenue, EBITDA and
free cash flow. Looking ahead, we are well positioned for long-term, sustained, double-digit growth. We
have a vast addressable market. We have an attractive, recurring revenue business model with strong
contribution margins. We expect to deliver modest EBITDA margin expansion going forward from a
normalized 2021. We generate significant free cash flow in excess of net income, which we'll continue to
deploy through share repurchases and strategic tuck-in acquisitions.

With that, I'll hand the call over to Craig. Craig?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Gene, and good morning. Second quarter results were excellent with strength in contract value
growth, revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow. We are increasing our 2021 guidance to reflect our strong Q2
performance.

Second quarter revenue was $1.2 billion, up 20% year-over-year as reported and 16% FX-neutral. In
addition, total contribution margin was 70%, up more than 300 basis points versus the prior year. EBITDA
was $355 million, up 85% year-over-year and up 75% FX-neutral. Adjusted EPS was $2.24. Free cash flow
in the quarter was $563 million. Free cash flow includes $150 million from insurance proceeds related to
canceled 2020 conferences.

Research revenue in the second quarter grew 15% year-over-year as reported and 11% on an FX-neutral
basis. We saw strong retention and new business in the quarter. Second quarter research contribution
margin was 74%, up about 170 basis points versus 2020. Contribution margins reflect both improved
operational effectiveness, continued avoidance of travel expenses and lower-than-planned headcount.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

GARTNER, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

However, some of the margin improvement compared to historical levels is temporary and will reverse as
we resume normal travel and increased spending to support growth.

Total contract value grew 11% FX-neutral year-over-year to $3.8 billion at June 30. Quarterly net contract
value increase, or NCVI, was $114 million, significantly better than the pandemic lows in the second
quarter of last year and a new record high for second quarter NCVI. Quarterly NCVI is a helpful way to
measure contract value performance in the quarter even though there is notable seasonality in this metric.

Global Technology Sales contract value at the end of the second quarter was $3 billion, up 9% versus
the prior year. GTS CV increased $75 million from the first quarter. The selling environment continued to
improve in the second quarter. By industry, CV growth was led by technology, manufacturing and services.

Wallet retention for GTS was 101% for the quarter, up about 110 basis points year-over-year. Wallet
retention isn't yet fully back to normal because it's a rolling 4-quarter measure. GTS new business was up
38% versus last year with strength in new logos and continued improvement in upsell with existing clients.
Our regular full set of metrics can be found in our earnings supplement.

Global Business Sales contract value was $770 million at the end of the second quarter, up 18% year-
over-year, which is above the high end of our medium-term outlook of 12% to 16%. GBS CV increased
$39 million from the first quarter. Broad-based CV growth was led by the health care and technology
industries. All of our practices, including marketing, delivered year-over-year and sequential CV growth.
HR, finance, sales and supply chain each grew 20% or more year-over-year.

Wallet retention for GBS was 110% for the quarter, up more than 950 basis points year-over-year. GBS
new business was up 76% over last year, led by very strong growth across the full portfolio. As with GTS,
our regular full set of GBS metrics can be found in our earnings supplement.

Conferences revenue for the second quarter was $58 million compared to no revenue in the year ago
quarter. Contribution margin in the quarter was 73%, driven by strong top line performance. We held 13
virtual conferences in the quarter. We also held a number of virtual Evanta meetings.

Second quarter consulting revenues increased by 9% year-over-year to $106 million. On an FX-neutral
basis, revenues were up 4%. Consulting contribution margin was 40% in the second quarter up almost
600 basis points versus the prior year quarter.

Labor-based revenues were $86 million, up 25% versus Q2 of last year and up 20% on an FX-neutral
basis. Labor-based billable headcount of $740 million was down 7%. Utilization was 70%, up more than
1,100 basis points year-over-year. Backlog at June 30 was $108 million, up 7% year-over-year on an FX-
neutral basis after another strong bookings quarter.

Our contract optimization business was down 31% on a reported basis versus the prior year quarter
and down 33% FX-neutral. The prior year period was the highest ever revenue quarter for contract
optimization. And as we have detailed in the past, this part of the consulting segment is highly variable.

Consolidated cost of services increased 9% year-over-year and 6% FX-neutral in the second quarter. Cost
of services increased due to the reinstatement of annual merit increases and to support growth in the
business.

SG&A decreased 1% year-over-year and 4% FX-neutral in the second quarter. Compared with the prior
year period, SG&A declined due to lower severance and conference-related expenses partially offset by
higher personnel costs. T&E remains close to 0.

Operating expenses were lower than planned, in part because net headcount growth was below our
targets. While our rate of hiring continues to ramp up, turnover remains modestly above normal levels
due to tighter labor market conditions. As Gene said, we're rapidly growing our recruiting capacity to keep
pace with our accelerating growth rates.

EBITDA for the second quarter was $355 million, up 85% year-over-year on a reported basis and up 75%
FX-neutral. Second quarter EBITDA again reflected revenue above the high end and costs towards the low
end of our expectations.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

GARTNER, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Depreciation in the quarter was up about $3 million versus 2020, reflecting real estate and software,
which went into service since the second quarter of last year. Net interest expense, excluding deferred
financing costs in the quarter was $26 million, roughly flat versus the second quarter of 2020.

The Q2 adjusted tax rate, which we use for the calculation of adjusted net income, was 29.9% for the
quarter. The tax rate for the items used to adjust net income was 24.6% in the quarter. Adjusted EPS in
Q2 was $2.24. The weighted average fully diluted share count for the second quarter was 86.6 million
shares. We exited the second quarter with 85.1 million fully diluted shares.

Operating cash flow for the quarter was $575 million, up 68% compared to last year. Q2 operating cash
flow includes $150 million of proceeds from insurance related to 2020 conference cancellations. Excluding
the insurance proceeds, operating cash flow improved by 24% versus the prior year quarter. Cash flow
strength continues to be driven by EBITDA growth and improved collections. CapEx for the quarter was
$12 million, down 44% year-over-year. Lower CapEx is largely a function of lower real estate investments.

Free cash flow for the quarter was $563 million, which was up about 75% versus the prior year. Excluding
the insurance proceeds, free cash flow improved by 28% versus the prior year quarter. Free cash flow
growth continues to be an important part of our business model, with modest capital expenditure needs
and upfront client payments. Free cash flow as a percent of revenue or free cash flow margin was 27% on
a rolling 4-quarter basis. Excluding the insurance proceeds, free cash flow was 23% of revenue, continuing
the improvement we've been making over the past few years. Free cash flow was well in excess of both
GAAP and adjusted net income. At the end of the second quarter, we had $796 million of cash.

During the quarter, we issued $600 million of new 8-year senior unsecured notes with a 3 5/8% coupon.
We used the proceeds from this new issuance to repay $100 million of the existing term loan A. The
balance is available for general corporate purposes, including share repurchases.

Our June 30 debt balance was $2.5 billion. At the end of the second quarter, we had about $1 billion of
revolver capacity. Our reported gross debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA was about 2.3x.

Our expected free cash flow generation and excess cash remaining on the balance sheet provide ample
liquidity and cash to deliver on our capital allocation strategy of share repurchases and strategic tuck-in
M&A. During the quarter, we made a small acquisition with net cash paid at closing of $23 million.

Year-to-date, we have repurchased more than $1 billion in stock, including $685 million during the second
quarter. In July, the Board increased our share repurchase authorization for the third time this year, adding
another $800 million. As of August 1, we have more than $1 billion available for share repurchases. We
expect the Board will continue to refresh the repurchase authorization as needed. As we continue to
repurchase shares, we expect our capital base will shrink. This is accretive to earnings per share and
combined with growing profits, also delivers increasing returns on invested capital over time.

We are updating our full year guidance to reflect Q2 performance and an improved and increased
outlook for the remainder of the year. For research, the strong start to the year in CV performance and
improvements in nonsubscription revenue are contributing to higher-than-previously-expected research
revenue.

For conferences, our guidance is still based on being virtual for the full year. With the uptick in COVID
and shifting government directives, there is much more uncertainty around our ability to run in-person
conferences during the balance of the year. We continue to operationally plan for some in-person
conferences. Our updated guidance reflects some additional cancellation-related costs for conferences
where we have been planning to run in-person but may need to cancel. If we are able to run in-person
conferences, we expect incremental upside to both our revenue and profitability for 2021.

For expenses, we have reinstated benefits which were either canceled or deferred in 2020. This includes
our annual merit increase, which took effect April 1. We are investing in expanding our recruiting capacity,
drive additional hiring across the business. The additional hiring will continue into 2022 and beyond to
support current and future growth. Our current plan is to increase quota-bearing headcount in the mid-
single digits for GTS and low double digits for GBS by the end of 2021. Additionally, we continue to invest
in a number of programs with a focus on improving sales productivity.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

GARTNER, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

As you know, travel expenses were close to 0 from April 2020 through June 2021. Our current plans
continue to assume a ramp-up in travel-related expenses over the course of the rest of this year, weighted
more to the fourth quarter. If travel restrictions remain in place for longer than we've assumed, we'd see
expense savings.

For our revenue guidance, we now expect research revenue of at least $4 billion, which is growth of
11%. We still expect conferences revenue of at least $170 million, which is growth of 41%. We still
expect consulting revenue of at least $400 million, which is growth of 6%. The result is an outlook for
consolidated revenue of at least $4.57 billion, which is growth of 11%. Based on current foreign exchange
rates and business mix, the consolidated growth includes an FX benefit of about 200 basis points. The
year-over-year FX benefit was more pronounced in the first half of the year.

With the ongoing business momentum we are seeing, we will continue to restore growth spending as
we move through the year. We now expect full year adjusted EBITDA of at least $1.16 billion, which is
an increase of about 42% versus 2020 and reflects reported margins of 25.4%. We expect a reasonable
baseline for thinking about the margins going forward is around 18% to 19%, consistent with our
comments last quarter. We expect our full year 2021 adjusted net interest expense to be $113 million.
Looking out to 2022, as the balance sheet stands today, we expect interest expense to be around $115
million.

We expect an adjusted tax rate of around 22% for 2021. We now expect 2021 adjusted EPS of at least
$7.60. For 2021, we now expect free cash flow of at least $1.13 billion. This includes the $150 million of
insurance proceeds received in the second quarter of this year. All the details of our full year guidance are
included on our Investor Relations site.

Turning to the second half of the year. For research, we have more visibility into revenue the farther we
get into the year. This is because NCVI earlier in the year has more of an effect on the full year revenue.
Seasonally, conferences and consulting are also both typically lighter in Q3.

Finally, at the start of 2021, there was a lot of uncertainty in the world and we began with a prudently
conservative plan. More than halfway through the year and with less macro uncertainty, there's a lower
likelihood of the kind of upside we've seen in the past few quarters. As a result, we expect reported
numbers to be closer to our guidance than earlier in the year. Any upside is more likely to come from
lower cost and higher revenue. For Q3, we expect to deliver at least $250 million of EBITDA. We also
expect the tax rate for the quarter in the high 20s.

Looking out over the medium term, our financial model and expectations are unchanged. With 12% to
16% research CV growth, we will deliver double-digit revenue growth. With gross margin expansion, sales
costs growing in line with CV growth over time and G&A leverage, we can modestly expand margins from
a normalized 2021 level of around 18% to 19%. We can grow free cash flow at least as fast as EBITDA
because of our modest CapEx needs and the benefits of our clients paying us upfront. We will repurchase
shares over time, which will lower the share count.

We had a strong first half with momentum across the business. We have meaningfully updated our outlook
for 2021 to reflect the stronger demand environment and our enhanced visibility. We are restoring certain
expenses and investing to ensure we are well positioned to continue our momentum. We repurchased
more than $1 billion worth of stock this year and remain committed to returning excess capital to our
shareholders.
With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

GARTNER, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Gary Bisbee of BofA Securities.

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Securities, Research Division

Congratulations on another strong result. I guess I wanted to dig a little more into the costs. The trend all
year has been revenue ahead of your plan and costs a bit below or at the low end. What's really keeping
you from accelerating investment? Is it the inability to hire? You talked about that, investing there, that
being a little more difficult. Is it in part that you don't need more sales to deliver to the target this year
given how strong productivity has been? Or are there other factors? I guess, in particular, I'm interested
in labor market tightness and sort of how long you think it will take to get the hiring that you've been
targeting done.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Hey, Gary, it's Gene. So we came into this year with a lot of sales capacity that we've built up over 2019.
And so to your point, you mentioned in your question, we actually have a lot of sales capacity. And you're
seeing that in our sales results. And so the reason we've been relatively slow to ramp up our sales hiring,
our depth of sales hiring has been we felt like we have plenty of capacity and plenty of opportunity and
productivity, and we still do.

Having said that, as I mentioned earlier in my results, we're now at the point where we think it's time to
sort of ramp up that capacity. And so we've been aggressively building our recruiting capability, building
our pipeline of candidates. And we'd expect to increase the hiring as we go through the year to position us
very well for next year and beyond.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

And Gary, the other thing I would just add is, as the world has started to reopen, we've had fits and starts
with that as well. And so we did have plans to have more travel, and that hasn't panned out given the
situation in the world. We had plans to reopen facilities. A lot of those have just been pushed back further
into the year as well. So it's really a combination on the headcount side that Gene just highlighted as well
as some other large expense buckets that have just continued to be pushed out into the back half of the
year.

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. And then just on that note, the quick follow-up, the 18% to 19% medium-term margin target, if I
backed into it, right, it appears like the second half is above that. Whereas last quarter, you were talking
about it moving down to that level. Is that just delays in some of these costs like travel coming back that
you just cited or opening offices? Or is that inability to maybe hire as quickly as you want also part of
what's going on there?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. It's all 3 of those things, Gary, I would say. So things getting pushed out further into the year,
including a ramp-up in hiring that Gene just talked about. And so let's pretend that we didn't hire all of our
needs until December 1. That's obviously not going to happen. But low burden on the 2021 P&L, full year
burden on the 2022 P&L. And so our outlook in terms of margin for next year is really unchanged from

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

GARTNER, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

last quarter. This year changed just because, again, we continue to push out certain expenses further and
further into the back half of the year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jeff Meuler with Baird.

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

I had noticed that GBS sales headcount has been back to sequential growth. GTS has not. I guess what
I'm wondering is, is that a function of GBS metrics inflecting earlier and growth being stronger and,
therefore, you kick the hiring into gear sooner there? Or is it more of a challenge in GTS because it's
harder to retain individuals with tech domain selling experience? And if it's the latter, just any thoughts on
if the comp packages are appropriate or need to be adjusted.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Jeff, so the -- I'd say the biggest issue is what -- the first you started with, which is, with the faster growth
in GBS, the rapid acceleration, we felt more of a need to get to -- our net hiring up sooner than we have
with GTS. Having said that, as I mentioned in my remarks, turnover is modestly higher, and it would be
effect -- it affects the people that are in the parts of our business that are technology oriented, like our
software [indiscernible] even as well as our GTS sales force. And while that's modestly higher, that's only a
piece of it.

I think a greater piece is just kind of my -- what I said in the earlier question about the timing of when
we -- the capacity we have today and the time when we chose to have recruiting start back up again. We
have -- we're a great place to work. Our salespeople know that and really love being here. And of course,
we're a great place to attract new talent as well.

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And then not that I'd expect you to adjust your GBS medium-term guidance because you had 1
quarter above the range, but I guess how are you thinking about it? And is there some reason why there
is like cyclical lift in the current trends? Because I guess, as I look at it, the growth sounds broad-based.
The comps aren't that easy, and the historical experience from GTS is on an organic constant currency
basis that accelerated coming out of the financial crisis to a level. And then it remained at that level kind
of throughout the expansion. So just any thoughts on GBS and if there's, I guess, upside potential or why
not.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Jeff, and thanks for the question. I think in terms of the way we think about the business, over the
medium term, unchanged. And so again, we believe that over the medium term, we can grow both GTS
and GBS in that 12% to 16% range. Obviously, GBS is performing exceptionally well. We've seen it
accelerate. Even last year, the acceleration started and it has continued through the first half of the year.
And really, it's been a really nice combination of improvements in retention, which you can see in our key
metrics, as well as great new business growth across the board, right?

So it's not any one practice, it's actually, as you alluded to, broad-based from an industry perspective and
from a practice perspective. And so we remain bullish on GBS. We remain bullish on GTS as well. And over
the medium term, again, we believe we can grow both in that 12% to 16% range.

Operator

Our next question comes from George Tong with Goldman Sachs.

Keen Fai Tong

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

GARTNER, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Sales force productivity, or NCVI, for GBS stepped up to $141,000, which came ahead of GTS for the first
time ever. Can you elaborate on what drove the increase? And whether you expect GBS productivity to
step back down to be below GTS levels over the near term?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Yes. George, the thing that drives our productivity in both sales forces is what you've heard before, which
is our recruiting capability, the training programs we have, the tools we have in the process design. And so
the thing that's driving the productivity is as the market has gotten -- as the recession has come a little bit
better, those combination of factors, the recruiting, training tools and process affect both businesses. And
that's what you're seeing -- what you're seeing drive the productivity improvement. And so over time, we
expect both -- productivity improvement in both sales forces.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

And just on the second part of the question, what drove GBS to come ahead of GTS for the first time? And
when would you expect that productivity to flip over the near term, back to GBS being below GTS?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

We don't think about it as one is going to be higher than the other. We expect both will actually have
improvements over time. And there's one meaningful difference between GBS and GTS. And that is that
we have a higher number of what we call business developers, which are salespeople that don't have any
existing accounts.

GTS has a much larger installed base. And so we have a large number of what we call account executives,
whose job is to sell more business to those existing clients. In GTS, we also have the business developers.
But in GBS, we have a much higher number of business developers compared to account executives than
we do at GTS. That's part of the thing that helps -- that impact sales productivity with GBS, both now and
over time.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. And then secondly, you increased your EBITDA margins for the full year to 25.4% at
the midpoint. What expectations for second half margins are you embedding into your guidance? And how
should 2022 margins compare with second half margins?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

George, thanks for the question. Obviously, the second half margins are lower than what we've run
through the first half and what the full year implies. Yet, as Gary highlighted as well, it's a little bit higher
than the 18% to 19% that we've guided or at least preliminarily guided around how to think about a
normalized margin for this year.

And there's really one primary reason for that. And it's the deferral and the pushing out of spending
that we expected to come in sooner just happening a little bit later over the course of 2021. But I was
assuming we bear the full burden of that as the business continues to accelerate into 2022. And so a little
bit higher than the 18% to 19% is the expectation for the second half of the year. But again, that's largely
because we've pushed out and deferred certain expenses to later in this year, but will have a full impact on
the 2022 P&L.

Operator

Our next question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

GARTNER, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I was hoping you could talk about what you're hearing from clients in terms of appetite for in-person
conferences. I know you talked about your operationally planning on running some of them later this
year, and that would be upside to the guidance. But just what's the demand of -- that you're hearing from
clients? And has the Delta variant impacted that at all?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Toni, our in-person conferences remain hugely popular with our clients. Clients are, I'd say, quite
enthusiastic about returning to those in-person conferences and looking forward to it. As of -- as we sit
here today, I'd say our registrations for the conferences in the U.S. haven't been affected very much by
the Delta variant. That could change over time as things go on. But the sentiment as of just right now
in terms of registrations, things, hasn't changed very much. Outside of the U.S., I'd say there is more
concern about it. And so it's not the same around the world.

Having said that, even there's a concern about the Delta variant, the kind of underlying demand there,
even the clients that are concerned about the Delta variant in terms of attending a conference, if we
can address that, are wildly enthusiastic about conferences and really want to return back to them. And
so over time, we expect when it's safe to do so, to be introducing in-person conferences to meet that
demand.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's great. And you've repurchased more than $1 billion of stock this year. Just any updates to capital
allocation priorities and on strategic tuck-ins? I think you did a small one this quarter. So just give us a
sense of what the optimal, strategic tuck-in looks like right now at this point.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Toni, I'll start out and then flip it over to Gene on the M&A strategy. You're right, we've repurchased over
$1 billion worth of our stock through the first half of this year. As we've always highlighted, we have
2 priorities from a capital allocation perspective. And they're not stacked to prioritize. It's 1A and 1B I
would characterize it as, which is return of capital to our shareholders through our buyback programs and
strategic, value-enhancing M&A, which is largely going to be in the small, medium tuck-in size. As we look
forward, those remain the 2 priorities.

Given what we see in the market, clearly, in the first half of this year, we put a bias or a priority around
returning capital through our buyback programs. But as we move forward, we have ample free cash flow,
ample cash on balance sheet, ample balance sheet flexibility for it to be an and. So we can do buybacks
and strategic tuck-in M&A as opposed to it being an or statement. And we just happen to put a strong bias
towards buybacks through the first half of the year.

And I'll flip it to Gene to talk about the M&A side.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Yes, Toni. So over time, in general, our acquisitions have been focused on additions to our capabilities in
one way or another. So sometimes they've been actual kind of acquisitions to get talent. Other times, it's
been product extensions, which we've used. And so I think you can think about it as ways to improve our
capabilities, either in a direct people sense or in a product offering sense.

Operator

Our next question comes from Andrew Nicholas with William Blair.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

GARTNER, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

I was hoping you could touch on the level of client engagement you've seen in the past quarter or 2.
And how that compares to pre-pandemic levels? Is it still elevated relative to pre-COVID? And if so, how
important do you think that is to what I think is record client retention metrics you posted this quarter?
Just trying to get a sense for how much of this could be more of a temporary phenomenon given the
current environment.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Yes, Andrew, client engagement is really important in our business. When clients buy our services, they do
it to get value out of it. When they get the values, they engage with us. And so client engagement is up
substantially compared to 2019. It's about the same as it was in 2020.

And that's partially, as you said, due to the environment. There's a lot of uncertainty. But it's also
due to the fact that we spend a lot of our energy thinking of ways that we can actually stimulate that
engagement. Because, again, we know we get -- when we get more engagement, we -- our clients get
more value out of our services. And so it's kind of the 2 things are related.

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Got it. Makes sense. And then for my follow-up, it's been several quarters in a row now of a pretty
sizable upside in terms of your guidance or at least relative to your at least methodology. And so I'm
just wondering, given now that it seems to be a bit more stable of an operating environment than the
past 12 to 18 months, if you're considering or how you're thinking about your approach to guidance. And
whether you'll consider potentially reverting back to the more traditional, bracketed approach at some
point, whether it's later this year or early next?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Andrew, great question. We've actually shifted our guidance methodology to the at least pre-pandemic.
And I don't see us slipping back. I think, as you alluded to, obviously, there's been a lot of uncertainty in
the world, and we've been trying, since the beginning of the pandemic, plan thoughtfully, plan prudently.
And even when we entered this year, I would say, plan conservatively as well.

As the world has stabilized, and we've got a heck of a lot more visibility into how the business is
performing, we are still comfortable with the guidance methodology that we have. That said, I'd reiterate
what I said in my prepared remarks earlier around expected variability. On that guidance moving forward,
we would expect much less variability, probably more variability on the expense side than on the revenue
side. But we are comfortable with the way that we guide now and the current methodology that we use.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets.

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

You noted in your prepared remarks about higher -- slightly higher-than-expected turnover from, I
believe, it was your sales force. Where are these folks going? Are they going to competitors? Are they
going out on their own, going to other industries? Any color would be great.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Jeff, the -- as I mentioned, turnover across the business is modestly up. And the turnover is going the
same places that it's always gone, which is the -- we're known as a company that has great recruiting,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

GARTNER, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

training programs. And so there's people who like to recruit from us or try to recruit from us. And they're
going to the some place they've always gone, which tends to be the technology industry.

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay. Great. That's helpful. And you mentioned in your guidance that it includes -- you're planning for
some in-person destinations, but the guidance only -- on the conference side, excuse me. The guidance
only assumes virtual for conferences revenue. Can you remind us what the delta would be, just for us for
modeling purposes, if you shift from virtual to in-person?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Jeff, it's -- and part of the reason why we've guided this way is the difference will vary on a
conference-by-conference basis, so it's very hard or near impossible to answer that question in terms of
building your model. I think the way to think about it is with our current guide, it is virtual only. That is
the best number to plug in right now. And as we said, if we are able to run some in-person conferences
in the balance of the year, it would be upside to those numbers. But it will, depending on the timing, the
location and everything else -- and it will be done on a -- and decisions will be made on a conference-by-
conference basis.

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

All right. If I could sneak in one quick one, I'm sorry. You mentioned that the guidance does include some
additional cancellation-related costs. Can you quantify those for us?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, sure. It's probably low double digits millions in terms of the potential cancellation costs. It's hard to
quantify that right now. Some of them are contractual. Some of them will be some costs that go into the
conference precancellation decision. But it's in the low double-digit millions is the current contemplation.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies.

Mario J. Cortellacci
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

This is Mario Cortellacci filling in for Hamzah. Just kind of going back to the Delta variant. I'm just
wondering how you're thinking about that and considering opening your in-person conferences. Is your
decision going to be based more around government guidelines? Or is it just strictly more prudence on
Gartner's part and just making sure that these events are safe? Or if there's no government restrictions,
you guys, because you have the demand in place, you feel more comfortable doing it?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Yes, Mario. So as I mentioned, the starting point we have is that our clients actually really appreciate the
value of in-person conferences and would like to get back to them. Having said that, what we're going to
do and before holding any in-person conference, we're certainly going to follow any government guidelines
that are relevant. So where the CDC or the relevant agencies of the country have said you shouldn't have
large gatherings in this sort of circumstance, even if it's not a regulation, we're going to follow those
guidelines.

And then the third thing is we, on a regular basis, survey our clients to see how they feel about it as well.
And so we want to reflect their sentiment as well. Even if there were no government guidelines, but our
client sentiment was it's not a safe thing to do, then we certainly wouldn't follow that as well.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

GARTNER, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

And of course, we use finally our own assessment. And if we think even if the government guidance say
okay, and even if the clients want to do it, we don't think it's safe, we wouldn't hold them as well. And so
it's kind of -- those are the factors that go into the decision making in terms of whether we hold an in-
person conference or not.

Mario J. Cortellacci
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Got it. And then just for my follow-up. Could you talk about when you're looking at GTS sales force
productivity, I guess what are the biggest levers that you can pull to get back to pre-pandemic levels?
You talked about, I guess, some of the levers for GBS and being, I guess, broad. And that they're all
contributing. But is there one bigger lever that you can pull in GTS?

And then also, could you just compare what the tenure is for the GTS sales force today versus pre-
pandemic? And then how much of that tenure can help add to productivity?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Yes. So the first part, it's the factors I mentioned earlier, which is the things that impact productivity are
really our recruiting program, making sure we recruit the best people, making sure when we bring them
on board, that they're trained to sell the Gartner kinds of products, they're equipped with great tools and
that we have the best processes. We're constantly improving those things. And so over time, we expect
those will drive productivity improvements.

In terms of tenure compared to where we were in 2019, our tenure's, on average, higher because we've
slowed hiring. And so with fewer -- a lower proportion of new people from our slowed hiring, the average
tenure has gone up over time.

Mario J. Cortellacci
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Any way to help quantify or give us a sense for how much that can help contribute to productivity?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Yes, I can't quantify it for you. I mean again, we track the numbers, but we don't -- those aren't things
that we talk about publicly. And so the -- I guess I'll have to leave it at the tenure is higher.

Operator

There are no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to Gene Hall for any closing remarks.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Well, summarizing today's call, Q2 was another strong quarter with strength in all 3 business segments
and research exceeding our expectations. We delivered strong results across contract value, revenue,
EBITDA and free cash flow. GTS contract value growth accelerated to 9% and GBS contract value growth
accelerated to 18%. We're accelerating hiring across our business to keep pace with this growth.

Looking ahead, we are well positioned for long-term, sustained double-digit growth. We have a vast
addressable market. We have an attractive recurring revenue business model with strong contribution
margins. We expect to deliver modest EBITDA margin expansion going forward from a normalized 2021.
We generate significant free cash flow in excess of net income, which we'll continue to deploy through
share repurchases and strategic tuck-in acquisitions.

Thanks for joining us today, and I look forward to updating you again next quarter.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

GARTNER, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

GARTNER, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

