Gartner, Inc. NYSE:IT
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, November 02, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.55

2.03

Revenue  (mm)

1131.18

1156.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-02-2021 11:30 AM GMT

30.97

2.19

2.02

7.76

6.69

1211.04

4604.53

5228.32

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.82

1.05

1.73

1.55

1.59

2.00

2.24

2.03

93.90 %

90.48 %

29.48 %

30.97 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

David Cohen
Group Vice President of Investor
Relations

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Securities, Research Division

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Mario J. Cortellacci
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Gartner's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, David Cohen, GVP of Investor
Relations. Please go ahead.

David Cohen
Group Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for Gartner's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings
Call and hope you are well. With me on the call today are Gene Hall, Chief Executive Officer; and Craig
Safian, Chief Financial Officer. This call will include a discussion of third quarter 2021 financial results and
Gartner's updated outlook for 2021 as disclosed in today's earnings release and earnings supplement, both
posted to our website, investor.gartner.com. Following comments by Gene and Craig, we will open up the
call for your questions. [Operator Instructions]

On the call, unless stated otherwise, all references to EBITDA are for adjusted EBITDA with the
adjustments as described in our earnings release and supplement. All growth rates in Gene's comments
are FX neutral unless stated otherwise. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP numbers we use are available
in the Investor Relations section of the gartner.com website. Finally, all contract values and associated
growth rates we discuss are based on 2021 foreign exchange rates unless stated otherwise.

As set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, certain statements made on this call may constitute
forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can vary materially from actual results and
are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those contained in the company's 2020
annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as well as in other filings with the SEC. I
encourage all of you to review the risk factors listed in these documents.

Now I will turn the call over to Gartner's Chief Executive Officer, Gene Hall.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Our growth increased again in the third quarter. We're
performing well across the business. We delivered strong performances in contract value, revenue, EBITDA
and free cash flow. Total company revenues were up 15% in Q3 with continued momentum across all 3
of our business segments. We also repurchased another $355 million of stock in the quarter, bringing our
year-to-date total through October to $1.6 billion. And we're thriving in the current environment.

Research continues to be our largest and most profitable segment. Our Research segment provides
actionable, objective insight to executives and their teams. We serve leaders across all major enterprise
functions in every industry around the world. Our market opportunity is vast across all sectors, sizes and
geographies, and we're delivering more value than ever.

Everywhere around the world, our clients are facing more issues than ever before, challenging issues,
things like the future of work; cybersecurity; carbon footprint; digital business; diversity, equity and
inclusion; cloud; and more. Our research is closely aligned to our clients' priorities. We recently launched
a new sustainability resource center that provides clients and prospects with actual insights on sustainable
business strategy.

Total Research contract value growth increased to 14% with acceleration in both GTS and GBS, driven by
strong execution in both retention and new business. Global Technology Sales or GTS returned to double-
digit growth. GTS contract value growth accelerated to 12%. We expect GTS would deliver long-term
sustained double-digit contract value growth. Global Business Sales or GBS delivered another outstanding

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

quarter with contract value growth of 22%. All practices across GBS drove double-digit contract value
growth. Across our entire research business, we're driving consistent execution of proven practices, and
we continue to see the results of our efforts.

Our Conferences business also continues to deliver excellent performance. In 2020, we developed
an entirely new conferences business model. This model leverages virtual conferences to deliver
extraordinarily valuable insights to our audiences. We delivered a strong performance in Conferences. For
the third quarter 2021, Conferences revenues were $24 million. Total attendee numbers were up in Q3 as
we're increasing our reach through our valuable content.

There's a large constituency of our clients and prospects who prefer in-person conferences. We've recently
held some in-person Evanta events, which were very well received. As conditions continue to stabilize, we
are operationally prepared to return to in-person conferences where and when we can. We'll continue to
leverage our profitable virtual conferences as appropriate.

Gartner Consulting is an extension of Gartner Research. Consulting helps clients execute their most
strategic initiatives through deeper, extended, project-based work. Consulting is an important complement
to our IT research business. Consulting revenues grew 6% in Q3. So overall, we're performing really well
as a company.

We're thriving in our current environment. We're able to serve our clients and sell to prospects very
effectively in a virtual environment. Most of our associates appreciate working virtually. They would like
some in-person interactions with their colleagues when that's the best way to engage with each other and
get work done. We've created an operating model that supports virtual and in-person interactions, and
this gives our associates flexibility while promoting activities that drive associate engagement. We've also
ramped up our recruiting function to support long-term sustained double-digit growth. We're seeing great
success in hiring during one of the toughest labor markets ever.

Finally, we're taking steps to make the associate experience at Gartner even better. We're a growth
company. We're focused on ensuring our associates have clear and compelling career paths. We're
helping our managers and leaders have powerful career development conversations with their teams. We
continue to improve on our proven practices, and we're innovating processes and technology to streamline
operations.

In closing, Gartner delivered another strong performance in Q3. We're performing well across all 3 of our
business segments. We delivered strong performances in contract value, revenue, EBITDA and free cash
flow, and we repurchased another $355 million of stock in the quarter. We continue to get better, faster,
stronger as a company. Gartner is a great place to be for our associates. We deliver extraordinary value to
our current clients. We provide outstanding returns for our shareholders, and we're thriving in the current
environment.

With that, I'll hand the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian. Craig?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Gene, and good morning. Third quarter results were again excellent with acceleration in
contract value growth and strength in revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow. We are increasing our 2021
guidance to reflect our strong Q3 performance. Third quarter revenue was $1.2 billion, up 16% year-
over-year as reported and 15% FX neutral. In addition, total contribution margin was 69%, up more than
200 basis points versus the prior year. EBITDA was $305 million, up 82% year-over-year and up 80% FX
neutral. Adjusted EPS was $2.03, and free cash flow in the quarter was $331 million.

Research revenue in the third quarter grew 16% year-over-year as reported and 15% on an FX-
neutral basis. We drove both strong retention and new business in the quarter. Third quarter Research
contribution margin was 74%, up over 200 basis points versus 2020. Higher-than-normal contribution
margins reflect improved operational effectiveness, continued avoidance of travel expenses and lower-
than-planned head count. Total contract value grew 14% FX neutral year-over-year to $4 billion at
September 30. Quarterly net contract value increase or NCVI was a very strong $146 million. Quarterly

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

NCVI is a helpful way to measure contract value performance in the quarter even though there is notable
seasonality in this metric.

Global Technology Sales contract value was $3.2 billion at the end of the third quarter, up almost 12%
versus the prior year. GTS CV increased $102 million from the second quarter. CV growth was led by the
technology, manufacturing and retail industries while retention for GTS was 104% for the quarter, up 490
basis points year-over-year. GTS new business was up 25% versus last year with strong growth in new
logos and expansion with existing client enterprises.

GTS quota-bearing head count increased from the second quarter. We are beginning to see the positive
effects of our investments to ramp up recruiting capacity. We continue to be successful recruiting new
salespeople. Turnover among GTS frontline sellers is stable at the modestly elevated range we saw in
the second quarter. With increased recruiting capacity and stable turnover, we expect to see continued
expansion of the GTS sales team in Q4 and into 2022 and beyond. Our regular full set of metrics can be
found in our earnings supplement.

Global Business Sales contract value was $814 million at the end of the third quarter, up 22% year-over-
year, which is above the high end of our medium-term outlook of 12% to 16%. GBS CV increased $43
million from the second quarter. Broad-based CV growth included particular strength in the health care,
technology and services industries. All of our GBS practices achieved double-digit growth rates with the
majority growing more than 20% year-over-year.

Growth in the third quarter was led by the supply chain, HR and sales practices while retention for GBS
was 113% for the quarter, up more than 14 percentage points year-over-year. GBS new business was up
38% compared to last year, reflecting strong growth across the full portfolio. GBS quota-bearing head
count increased sequentially and is up 8% year-over-year. As with GTS, our regular full set of GBS metrics
can be found in our earnings supplement.

Conferences revenue for the third quarter was $24 million with reported growth of 92% and 93% FX
neutral. Contribution margin in the quarter was 47%. We held 8 virtual conferences in the quarter. We also
held a number of virtual Evanta meetings. We were able to reintroduce in-person Evanta meetings in the
quarter and plan to ramp those up in Q4. Attendance is up significantly year-over-year as we've launched
more virtual conferences to cover additional roles. Third quarter Consulting revenues increased by 6%
year-over-year to $95 million. On an FX-neutral basis, revenues were also up 6%. Consulting contribution
margin was 33% in the third quarter, up more than 110 basis points versus the prior year quarter.

Labor-based revenues were $78 million, up 5% versus Q3 of last year and up 4% on an FX-neutral basis.
Labor-based billable head count of 749 was up 2%. Utilization was 62%, up more than 130 basis points
year-over-year. Backlog at September 30 was $126 million, increasing 27% year-over-year on an FX-
neutral basis after another strong bookings quarter. Our contract optimization business was up 13% on a
reported basis versus the prior year quarter and up 12% FX neutral. As we have detailed in the past, this
part of the Consulting segment is highly valuable.

Consolidated cost of services increased 9% year-over-year and 8% FX neutral in the third quarter. SG&A
decreased 2% year-over-year and 3% FX neutral in the third quarter. The year-over-year decline is largely
related to the timing of certain prior year expenses. We expect SG&A expenses to increase over time
as our hiring across the business continues to ramp. Total operating expenses were lower than planned
because conferences continue to be virtual. We are resuming business travel and reopening offices at a
very deliberate pace, and we are still ramping up our net growth hiring to our target levels.

EBITDA for the third quarter was $305 million, up 82% year-over-year on a reported basis and up 80% FX
neutral. Third quarter EBITDA again reflected revenue above the high end and costs towards the low end
of our expectations. Depreciation in the quarter was up about $3 million versus 2020, reflecting real estate
and software which went into service since the third quarter of last year. Net interest expense, excluding
deferred financing costs in the quarter, was $30 million, up slightly versus the third quarter of 2020 due to
an increase in total debt balances. The Q3 adjusted tax rate, which we use for the calculation of adjusted
net income, was 25.2% for the quarter. The tax rate for the items used to adjust net income was 25.4% in
the quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Adjusted EPS in Q3 was $2.03. Weighted average fully diluted share count for the third quarter was 84.8
million shares. We exited the quarter with 84.2 million fully diluted shares. Operating cash flow for the
quarter was $345 million, up 41% compared to last year. Cash flow strength continues to be driven by
EBITDA growth and improved collections. CapEx for the quarter was $14 million, down 5% year-over-year.
Lower CapEx is largely a function of lower real estate investments.

Free cash flow for the quarter was $331 million. Free cash flow growth continues to be an important part
of our business model with modest capital expenditure needs and upfront client payments. Free cash flow
as a percent of revenue or free cash flow margin was 25% on a rolling 4-quarter basis adjusted for the
$150 million of insurance proceeds received in the second quarter. Free cash flow is well in excess of both
GAAP and adjusted net income.

At the end of the third quarter, we had $766 million of cash. Our September 30 debt balance was $2.5
billion. Our reported gross debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA was about 2x. Our expected free cash flow
generation and excess cash remaining on the balance sheet provide ample liquidity to deliver on our
capital allocation strategy of share repurchases and strategic tuck-in M&A.

Through the end of October, we have repurchased more than $1.6 billion in stock this year, including $355
million during the third quarter. Year-to-date, we have repurchased over 7 million shares, reducing our net
share count by around 7%. As of November 1, we have around $600 million remaining on our repurchase
authorization, which we expect the Board will refresh as needed. As we continue to repurchase shares,
we expect our capital base will shrink. This is accretive to earnings per share and combined with growing
profits also delivers increasing returns on invested capital over time.

We are updating our full year guidance to reflect Q3 performance and an improved and increased outlook
for the remainder of the year. For revenue guidance, we now expect Research revenue of at least $4.07
billion, which is growth of 13%. We now expect Conferences revenue of at least $190 million, which is
growth of 58%. We still expect Consulting revenue of at least $400 million, which is growth of 6%. The
result is an outlook for consolidated revenue of at least $4.66 billion, which is growth of 14%. Based on
current foreign exchange rates and business mix, the consolidated growth includes an FX benefit of about
190 basis points. This reflects modest headwinds from FX in the fourth quarter.

For expenses, we are investing in expanding our recruiting capacity to drive additional hiring across the
entire business, including our sales teams. The additional hiring will continue into 2022 and beyond to
support current and future growth. We plan to exit the year with quota-bearing head count about flat for
GTS. We expect low double-digit growth for GBS by the end of 2021. Additionally, we continue to invest
in a number of programs with a focus on improving sales productivity and cost effectiveness. We are also
incurring some conference cancellation fees in the fourth quarter and are in the process of reopening
dozens of offices as well.

We now expect full year adjusted EBITDA of at least $1.26 billion, which is an increase of about 54%
versus 2020 and reflects reported margins of 27%. Consistent with our comments last quarter, we
estimate that the normalized 2021 margins would be around 19% if this had been a more typical year.
About 2/3 of the adjustments are head count related with most of the rest from travel and real estate. We
expect our full year 2021 adjusted net interest expense to be $113 million. Looking out to 2022, as the
balance sheet stands today, we expect interest expense to be around $115 million.

We expect an adjusted tax rate of around 22% for 2021. We now expect 2021 adjusted EPS of at least
$8.54. For 2021, we now expect free cash flow of at least $1.225 billion. This includes the $150 million
of insurance proceeds received in the second quarter of this year. All the details of our full year guidance
are included on our Investor Relations site. We had a strong third quarter with momentum across the
business. Contract value growth accelerated and we had very strong revenue, EBITDA and free cash
flow in the quarter. We've put our capital to work, repurchasing more than $1.6 billion worth of our stock
this year through the end of October. And we've updated our guidance to reflect continuing strength and
momentum in the business.

Looking out over the medium term, our financial model and expectations are unchanged. With 12% to
16% Research CV growth, we will deliver double-digit revenue growth. With gross margin expansion, sales

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

costs growing in line with CV growth over time and G&A leverage, we can modestly expand margins from
a normalized 2021 level of around 19%. We can grow free cash flow at least as fast as EBITDA because
of our modest CapEx needs and the benefits of our clients paying us upfront. And we'll continue to deploy
our capital on share repurchases, which lower the share count over time, and strategic value-enhancing
tuck-in M&A.
With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator, and we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jeff Meuler with Baird.

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

So great to see sales, head count back to growth and fully hear you on the investments you're making
in recruiting capacity and the payback you're seeing on that. I guess my question is at what point does
the sales head count growth in GTS need to step up meaningfully? Or how much capacity is remaining
in the system where you can continue to drive this type of growth? Just -- like is it quarters? Is there --
just trying to understand how much leeway you have before you really need to hit the gas on sales head
count.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Jeff, it's Gene. So first, we do have a lot of head count. And head count is one of the levers we use for
growth, but it's not the only lever. We also are very focused on productivity, and we believe there's quite
a bit of room for productivity improvements going forward. In parallel with that, as I mentioned on the
call and Craig did as well, we have initiatives underway to ramp up our recruiting capacity and output, and
we're finding that actually we have a great value proposition. It's very attractive to the market. And so
we're quite optimistic about our ability to ramp up hiring as we need to and leverage productivity in the
meantime.

Jeffrey P. Meuler
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And then can you help me with some of the GTS metrics? It looks like most of the growth is coming
from client enterprise growth. CV per enterprise flattish despite having a 104% wallet retention. So I
don't know to what extent there's sales head count mix impact, if there's post-COVID win back. Just
help me understand what's going on. And is it a good thing that most of the growth is coming from client
enterprises given that you can expand after you land?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Jeff. I think there's a couple of ways to look at what's happening under the covers. I think number
one, seeing the pickup and while retention is certainly a very positive trend which we anticipated and as
we've looked at the amount of up-sell and expansion that we're driving within existing client enterprises,
we're back to normal levels. And that wallet retention is strong. It's not quite back to historical levels, but
we feel really good about the level of expansion we're driving within existing enterprises again. Some of
that is win back. Some of that is organic growth activities within existing enterprises. But the wallet is
pretty strong.

I think on the enterprise count and enterprise growth, we've seen now a few quarters of enterprises
expanding. And as you'd expect, when a new enterprise comes in, it comes in at a lower CV level than our
overall average. And so the net enterprise adds that we've been doing will suppress a little bit or mute a
little bit the CV per enterprise that you see. But what you're seeing actually is both levers working really
well for the last several quarters, particularly in the third quarter, with that expansion with the existing
enterprises showing up in the wallet retention number and the number of enterprises growing nicely as
well.

Operator

Our next question comes from Gary Bisbee with Bank of America Securities.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Securities, Research Division

I guess if I go back to GTS head count, what's really kept you from bringing that back more quickly? I
know, last quarter, you talked about having to ramp up recruiting capacity to deliver on that. But how
much is the tight labor market impacting the pace at which you bring people back? And what's the risk in
the next 6 months that you continue to have sort of sluggish additions? How do we think about that? And
when would that impact revenue growth in the segment, if you don't get that up towards high single digits
or whatever you're targeting?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Gary, so a couple of things are going on with GTS head count. First, it is a highly competitive labor
market, and so our turnover is up modestly. And of course, there are -- within that modestly higher
turnover, there are pockets that are higher than modest turnover. But overall, it's modestly up, and we
recognize that. And we are -- we have a number of programs in place which we think will actually address
that. We have a very good -- we have a very strong employee value proposition. In fact, we don't have
any trouble recruiting people into the company. And so the combination of continuing to strengthen our
employee value proposition, we believe, will get turnover -- this modestly higher turnover back to normal
levels.

And in parallel with that, we are rapidly ramping up our recruiting capacity, as I mentioned. We actually
started ramping up recruiting capacity back in May. But obviously, what happens is you start -- you've
got to hire recruiters. It takes a little while to actually get them on the job. And then just like any other
job, it takes recruiters some time to get up to full capacity. And so while we started ramping recruiting
capacity back in May, it takes a little time before that fully kicks in. As Craig mentioned on his script -- on
his prepared remarks, we're already seeing that we're back to kind of the levels of hiring that we were
back in 2019. And again, we expect that to continue to go up. So we expect a combination of improved
employee turnover from the programs we have in place combined with higher recruiting capacity to really
address this issue.

Gary Elftman Bisbee
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then on GBS, outstanding productivity there, I guess, on the back of outstanding
new business over the last 4 quarters or 5 quarters now. How should we think about productivity? And I'm
not asking Q4 or even next year, like over the next few years. The LTM right now is way ahead of what it's
ever been in GTS. I guess one could argue you've got multiple franchises that you're selling there, and so
it could be higher. But there's also a lot of factors have improved it. Is -- would it be reasonable to think
that it gravitates back towards where GTS has been historically? Or do you believe you can keep this level
of productivity or at least higher just because of the number of shots on goal you've got with the different
practice areas you're selling?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

So in GBS, like GTS, we have a great value proposition, and we provide actual insights to our clients
on their toughest issues. So we start -- the thing that it starts with is we have a really great value
proposition. As we've talked about, we invested in making sure we had the content, sales training, number
of experts, et cetera, over the last really 2 or 3 years to make sure that we have all the pieces in place
to have to be able to deliver that incredible value proposition. And now we're seeing the benefits of that.
We're going to continue to keep investing in those areas. And so I'd expect our value proposition is very
strong and also that our ability to execute on sales will continue to be very strong as well.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

The other thing I'd note, Gary, is in that net productivity number you're seeing, it's, as you called out,
really strong new business growth. But we've also seen meaningful improvements in the retention rates,
and that obviously flows through to the NCVI per quota-bearing head as well. So it underscores Gene's
point around the value proposition being super strong. So not only are we getting lots of shots on goal,
as you say, across the franchises, we're scoring those goals, I guess, if I can extend the metaphor, and
keeping those seat holders in the franchise with stronger retention rates.

Operator

Our next question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Actually, I just want to ask a follow-up on the last topic. So on GBS, you mentioned how you're seeing
growth driven by supply chain and HR and sales practices. No surprise there. Those have been the topics
really impacting many companies right now. Are these really new client subscriptions or add-ons from
existing clients for the most part? And do you view any of that as temporary? So like if supply issues are
to -- if supply chain issues are to wane, for example, would those clients still stay on? Or could you see
sort of a little bit of a higher turnover of those clients next year?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Toni, it's Craig. I think across the -- all the GBS practices, as we mentioned, all of them are at double-digit
growth rates on a year-over-year basis in the third quarter, and more than half of them are north of 20%
year-over-year growth. So we highlighted the top 3, which are performing really strongly. But that's not --
those aren't the only ones that are even north of 20%. And again, to underscore the point, all of them are
at double-digit growth rates.

I think what we're seeing, and you can see this through a combination of metrics, is we are selling a lot
of new functions within existing enterprises, which is why you've seen the wallet retention rate move
up as nicely as it has. And so just because a client is purchasing a supply chain subscription, selling into
their finance team or their HR team or their legal team is a brand-new sale for us. And we're doing really,
really well there in addition to bringing on brand-new enterprises into the GBS franchise as well. So it's a
combination of those 2 factors really driving that GBS growth.

On the cyclical versus secular, I think I'd go back to Gene's points earlier. We have a really, really strong
value proposition in each of these functional areas that we are selling into. We've invested a lot over
the last several years to make sure that we've got the right content and the right analysts and advisers
and the right service capacity and the right selling capacity. And so we feel good about each of these
opportunities. Again, if you scan back, I mean, these are enormous market opportunities for us. And we're
in the really, really, really early innings of going after that market opportunity.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's great. I wanted to ask about the pace of expenses returning. I think the way that I'm sort of
thinking about it is you have T&E and hiring that are going to make up probably some of the bigger
buckets of returning costs. And I know you talked about hiring a lot, so I'll skip that one. But just on T&E,
I guess, how far back are you at this point versus what is fully back? And versus pre COVID, like is the
level sort of lower? Maybe the easier way to ask it is -- you talked about the 19% baseline for adjusted
EBITDA margin this year, so modest growth off of that next year. Is that how we should be thinking about
'22? Or could you see costs more gradually come back and we sort of are stuck in a situation like we had
this year, where you're a little bit over-earning on the margin next year?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Yes. It's a great question. A couple of ways to think about it. So one, the biggest bucket by far is head
count related. And as we've talked about, we are making progress there. We've increased recruiting
capacity, as Gene talked about. We're growing both sales forces now sequentially. And we intend to do
that not only with sales but across the rest of the company as needed as well. And so that is, by far, the
biggest piece of it. And I think as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, about 2/3 of the "normalizing
adjustments" relate to head count.

On the travel front, we are still almost at 0. And so there's still a long way to bounce back from that. When
we were sitting here in May, we thought second half of the year, it would start to bounce back. When we
were sitting here in August, we thought, in the fourth quarter, it would bounce back. It is reopening a little
bit, but we are still at a tiny fraction of where we were historically.

And as we roll into 2022, we do think it will rebound to reset at a new normal level. Will that be all
the way back to 2019? Perhaps not. Perhaps -- there are things we can do a little more efficiently and
effectively. But it's still going to be a pretty significant step up from what we spent in 2021, which is
virtually nothing, back to a new normal level in 2022.

Operator

Our next question comes from George Tong with Goldman Sachs.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to stay on GBS productivity. GBS NCVI of $176,000 really comes significantly above what
we're seeing in GBS even before COVID. And you mentioned strong new business growth and improved
retention as drivers. Were there any unusual tailwinds to productivity or seasonality factors to consider in
the quarter? And I mean how sustainable are current levels of productivity?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

George, on the productivity, it is an LTM measure, and so we're trying to even out or take out seasonality
from the measure. There are some structural differences that we've talked about in the past in looking at
GBS compared to GTS and, again, based on where we are in the journey on these 2 businesses. And so on
the GBS side, because we are, as I mentioned earlier, in the really early innings of going after this really
enormous market opportunity, we have a richer mix of what we call business developers or hunters whose
sole job is to go out and find new business, and they are performing really, really well.

It has been -- and we've been building to that. It wasn't just a 1 quarter phenomenon. It's a several-
quarter or multiyear phenomenon that we've been experiencing there. And so again, they are performing
really well. The retention levels are helping a lot on the types of quota-bearing hires or AEs that manage
CV and drive growth through account expansion. So it's really a combination of those 2 things. As we look
out to the future, is this the right level to think about? We will see. I mean there is -- we do believe there
was a little bit of pent-up demand out there in the market coming through the pandemic last year. But
we feel like we're in a really good place with GBS achieving strong growth rates and, again, through a
combination of really strong new business and improving retention rates as well.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. You mentioned normalized EBITDA margins are running at 19%. And this is a little
bit improved from previously. It was running at 18% to 19%. Can you discuss where in the business
you're seeing improved cost profiles?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. George, it's actually a combination of improved revenue outlook and performance and some improved
cost profiles as well, is really driving the modest adjustment from 18% to 19% to where we are now,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

which is around 19%. But I guess, generally, the way to think about the normalized margin of around 19%
is it is how our P&L would look in a more typical year with sales head count growing a few points lower
than CV, offices opened for the full year, normal travel levels as we just discussed on Toni's question and
growth investments to support all the growth that we're driving across the business. And so a modest little
change. But again, I'd say a combination of the revenue performing a little bit better than expected, as
we've talked about each quarter, and some tightening or more efficiency on the cost side as well.

Operator

Our next question comes from Andrew Nicholas with William Blair.

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

I'll start with conferences. I realize that you're only in the early stages of reintroducing in-person
conferences and events. But I'm wondering if you have an updated view on the long-term mix of
conferences between in-person and virtual, particularly as you start to plan for 2022? And then given even
more experience today than the past couple of quarters with the virtual format, whether you have any
additional clarity on the profitability of that model and/or the hybrid model longer term relative to pre-
pandemic levels.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Andrew, great question. So conferences are an important part of our business. And we have, with the
pandemic, developed quite good virtual conferences that add a lot of value to our clients and have been
very well received. Having said that, a lot of our clients, ones who in particular used to go to the in-person
conferences, as we do our customer research, there's strong interest and desire for us to provide them
with in-person conferences as well. So as we look out to the future, right now, the way we're thinking is
we would -- when it is safe to do so and allowed in each geographic area, each regulatory environment,
we will -- we plan to hold in-person conferences because it does provide tremendous value to our clients.

And having said that, we also continue -- plan to continue with virtual conferences for those clients that
either don't want to travel or can't travel given when we have our in-person conferences. And so our long-
term strategy, our long-term plan is to have a mix of both in-person conferences and virtual conferences,
going back to kind of the great success we had with the in-person ones, combine that with what we
learned in the pandemic with the virtual conferences.

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Got it. Is there anything you could say about the profitability differences between those 2 or what the
profitability of that hybrid model looks like?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Andrew, it's hard to say right now. Just -- we've been operating a little bit in between the 2 models. As
we've -- as you know, we were preparing to run a portion of our conferences this year in person. And
so we had staff onboard to be able to do that. And then, obviously, we had to cancel those in-person
conferences in the fourth quarter and relaunch virtual. And so again, I think, the way we think about it is
that the contribution margin will look similar to the way it looked pre pandemic for the overall conferences
business.

I do think -- and again, we'll provide guidance on 2022 in February. We're working through our operational
plans now. But we -- and again, we've talked about this in the past. We are not going to be in a position
to relaunch the 70 in-person destination conferences that we had in 2019, run them at the exact same
profile, economic and otherwise in 2022. It's going to take some time to build back into those. And so
again, as we think about it, the combined operating margin for conferences looks pretty similar to the way
it looks prior to pandemic as it stands right now.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

That's perfect. Really helpful. And then for my follow-up, it looks like, looking at the Q, that United States
and Canada are growing a little bit faster than EMEA and the rest of the international business, although
it's certainly a small gap. Just wondering if you could speak to the different market dynamics in the U.S.
versus internationally and if there's anything specific, whether it's a selling motion or the receptiveness to
the new products, that you would call out between those regions.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

So let me start with that, Andrew. So the first thing is GBS is largely weighted to the U.S. And so most
of the GBS growth just because of -- it is much less mature outside the U.S. even than in the U.S. It's
going to be more heavily U.S. weighted. It's growing well outside the U.S. as well, but it's just share of
business and share of salespeople are overwhelmingly in the U.S. Over time, just as we've done with GTS,
we expect to have our international markets in GBS be just as strongly staffed, as we have in GTS today,
as we keep adding salespeople over time. And so that's one of the factors that drives the U.S. markets.

In terms of actual -- our value proposition is very strong in the U.S. It's very strong in Europe. It's
very strong in Asia. And so the -- it's equally effective there. Sometimes, the mix of industries affect a
particular geography or a particular market where one set of industry might not be doing as well and so
it's a little tougher selling environment. But again, overall, our value proposition is strong in all those
markets, and it's more specific things like that, that would impact it and as I said, our mix of salespeople
particularly in GBS.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jeff Silber with BMO Capital Markets.

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Just a couple of follow-up questions. First, going back to the whole issue about labor supply. I'm just
wondering what the impact of these tight labor markets has been on wage inflation, both for the sales
force and for your associates broadly throughout the company.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Jeff, so with the labor markets, as you've identified, everyone's been dealing with, yes, we've seen a little
bit of wage inflation. It's totally within a manageable level as what we've basically seen, but there has
been some wage inflation both from a -- as we look externally and also as we want to make sure that we
are retaining our associates as well, but all within manageable levels at this point.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

What we found is that the biggest issue is that we have a lot of associates and there have been pockets
where we didn't realize we might not have been totally competitive. And now we know we weren't
competitive in those pockets. And so I think that's been the biggest source of what you might call wage
inflation.

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay. That's helpful. And then shifting over to conferences. I know there's a lot of the issues in deciding
whether to hold a conference remotely or hold it live. But I'm just curious, and I know this may vary
across your major conferences, how much lead time is needed if you decide to go -- you're going to hold it
remote and then decided to go live? How quickly can you ramp that up?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

So if we were planning to be virtual, switching to live takes a long time because you have to reserve
venues. You have to sell exhibitors, things like that. It's easier to go the other way around, meaning plan
for live and go virtual because you have all the pieces in place already. And so typically, like we -- as you
know, this year, we planned to go live for some of our conferences and then concluded it was not either
allowed or was not safe to do so, and so we didn't. But it's easier that way, once you have an in-person
conference plan to go virtual because you don't have to worry about the venue and things like that. If you
haven't reserved those venues, trying to get them at the right time and -- et cetera, is pretty tough to do.

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay. So we're talking months -- I wouldn't say years. But if you decide to do something for next year,
you would have to start looking at it right now?

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

So the -- yes. Basically, it can take months. It can take years because if you -- some of the most popular
venues get booked up literally a couple of years in advance. And so if you're trying to book it -- if it's a
popular venue, trying to book it in the last second can be very tough. So yes, the planning actually can
take years.

Operator

Our next question comes from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Gene, you talked about beefing up the recruiting efforts and making changes. I'm just curious -- you guys
were always good on that front. Just curious what needs to change in the new, I guess, hybrid world, I
suppose.

Eugene A. Hall
CEO & Director

Manav, great question. So the -- one of the things in the hybrid world we need to focus on, and we've
always focused on this to a degree but we have to talk about it differently, which is our employee value
proposition and why should an associate want to come work in Gartner. The talent market we compete
in is a very, very competitive market. We're a very attractive employer. We have to make sure that our
candidates understand that and understand what's different in a virtual environment than might have
been when it was a pure office-based environment. So that's kind of the key change.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. Got it. And just curious on -- you've done one, I guess, tuck-in deal this year. That sounds like
things are going well across the front. Balance sheet is healthy. Just curious if M&A is something we should
see higher up in your agenda or just more of the same.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Manav. I'd say, again, our capital allocation strategy remains unchanged. We're focused on returning
capital to shareholders through our buyback programs, which, as you've seen, we've been very aggressive
with over the course of this year; and then also hunting out strategic, value-enhancing tuck-in M&A. The
priority -- that's 1a and 1b from a priority perspective. We continue to scour the market for assets that
makes sense for us. We are an organic grower. We don't need to do M&A to support our medium-term

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

objectives. And so we can be very, very, very disciplined on the M&A front. We'll remain very disciplined on
that front.

Operator

Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari with Jefferies.

Mario J. Cortellacci
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

This is Mario Cortellacci filing in for Hamzah. Just first question is just around conversion rate. And just
could you help us maybe think about how we should think about the conversion rate in Research business
from those in-person conferences versus virtual? As you get more back to the in-person conferences,
should we expect a larger uplift in that conversion and even better growth in Research?

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Mario, as you highlighted, conferences are an important piece of the overall portfolio and really support
our Research business in a variety of ways. One of those is in getting prospects there and having them
experience Gartner insight and then converting them. We also obviously have the benefit of engagement
with existing clients, and so there's a positive benefit on retention as well.

From a -- when we did pivot to virtual, we were very focused on making sure that we maintained those
levels of engagement, both in terms of engaging existing seat holders to help with retention rates and also
getting lots of prospects through. So we've been very focused. And again, I think, in the fourth quarter of
last year when we really ran our virtual conference portfolio in earnest, we did a really good job on both
fronts. And I think we're seeing the benefit of that from a retention rate perspective this year. It's certainly
helping. And it's also been contributing nicely to our overall new business growth rates on research as
well.

And as we roll forward, as Gene talked about, in this sort of hybrid world of running in-person where we
can and where it is safe to do so, we're going to take advantage of that from a research perspective. And
when we run virtual, we intend to make sure we get the benefits of that on the research side as well. So
whatever format we run in, it's a great business. But it's really an extension of our Research business, and
that's the way we'll continue to run it whether it's in-person or virtual.

Mario J. Cortellacci
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Got it. And then in terms of Consulting, can you just talk about what practices are faring better than
others? And maybe you can update us on which verticals or adjacencies that you may be underpenetrated
in.

Craig W. Safian
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Mario. On the Consulting side, we have continued to have relatively strong performance there. We're
seeing obviously a lot of work with what are the major trends in technology, digital transformation, cloud
optimization, cybersecurity, things of those nature. Those are really the big ones for us. As you know, we
tend to focus our Consulting business on our largest, most complex clients, and they have those issues
in earnest, as do a lot of our other sized clients as well. But we've seen really good performance broadly
geographically and spread nicely across those couple of areas. And I would throw in strategic sourcing and
cost optimization into that Consulting mix as well. That is a strong practice for us.

Operator

And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back to Gene Hall for closing
remarks.

Eugene A. Hall

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

CEO & Director

As you heard on today's call, we once again delivered strong performances in Q3, and we performed well
across all 3 of our businesses: Research, Consulting and Conferences. We delivered strong performances
in contract value, revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow, and we repurchased another $355 million of stock
in the quarter. We continue to get better, faster and stronger as a company. Gartner is a great place for
our associates. We provide outstanding returns for our shareholders, and we're thriving in the current
environment.

Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

GARTNER, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

