General Mills, Inc. NYSE:GIS
FQ1 2021 Pre Recorded Earnings Call 
Transcripts
Wednesday, September 23, 2020 12:00 AM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.06

0.87

Revenue  (mm)

4990.84

4212.92

14.94

3.59

3.57

3.54

17579.21

17181.68

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Sep-22-2020 3:38 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

0.77

0.88

0.76

1.06

0.79

0.95

0.77

1.10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2.60 %

7.95 %

1.32 %

3.77 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

3

4

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ1 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jeff Siemon
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Jeffrey L. Harmening
Chairman & CEO

Kofi A. Bruce
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ1 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2020

Presentation

Jeff Siemon
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning. Thank you for joining us to hear our prepared remarks on General Mills first quarter fiscal
2021 earnings. Later this morning, we will hold a live question-and-answer session on today's results,
which you can hear via webcast on our Investor Relations website.

In a moment, I'll turn the call over to Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO; and Kofi Bruce, our CFO.
But before I do, let me first touch on a few items. On our website, you'll find our first quarter press release
that posted this morning, along with a copy of the presentation.

It's important to note that today's remarks will include forward-looking statements that are based on
management's current views and assumptions, including facts and assumptions Jeff and Kofi will share
related to the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our results in fiscal '21. The second slide
in today's presentation list factors that could cause our future results to be different than our current
estimates.

And with that, I'll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Jeff.

Jeffrey L. Harmening
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Today's key messages are listed on Slide 4. First, we delivered
exceptional performance this quarter, and it's important to note that our results are not simply an outcome
of our category trends.

We have been improving our competitiveness and building momentum leading up to the pandemic. We've
accelerated over the past 2 quarters, in part because of increased at-home demand and because of the
strength of our execution. As I'll share in a moment, we drove broad-based market share gains and
increased household penetrations in Q1.

Second, I'm extremely proud of how we did that. The world changed and we did too. We quickly adapted
and executed to meet the significant challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic. We've kept a sharp focus on
wellness and safety, both for our frontline workers and our office employees. As a result, we've continued
to execute at a high level and our supply chain has operated without any major disruptions.

As we look at fiscal 2021, our priorities as a company are clear, and we're delivering on those priorities.
We said we will compete effectively, fuel investment in our brands and capabilities and continue to reduce
our leverage, and we're doing all 3 well. And I'm pleased to report that we are resuming dividend growth
ahead of our initial schedule.

The current operating environment has created significant uncertainty with times of challenge and
opportunity. We've seen a seismic shift in how people eat with an increase in demand for food at home
and a corresponding decrease in demand for food eaten away from home. As a reminder, prior to the
pandemic, at-home food represented approximately 85% of our net sales and away-from-home food
represented the remaining 15%.

As we look across our segments, at-home category growth remained high in developed markets in the
first quarter, including low double-digit retail sales growth in North America Retail and mid-single-digit
growth in Europe and Australia. At the same time, at-home trends in emerging markets have been mixed.
In China, at-home food demand has continued to moderate as that market reopens while in Brazil,
challenges with the virus drove a significant increase in at-home demand in Q1.

Away-from-home demand improved across all our markets in Q1 but remained below the prior year. In
the U.S., away-from-home demand strengthened compared to Q4 but looks to have stabilized recently

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ1 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2020

at down low double digits versus last year. In China, we're seeing continued improvement with traffic in
Häagen-Dazs shops down just 5% in August compared with down 15% in May.

We continue to pivot to capture the incremental at-home demand we are seeing. We've added additional
supply chain capacity, both internally and externally, and we've increased marketing spending with a
significant shift to where consumers are increasingly spending their time, including digital marketing and
e-commerce.

You can see our headline first quarter financial performance on Slide 6. Our strong execution, coupled
with increased demand, drove 10% growth in organic net sales in the quarter. We delivered 22% growth
in constant-currency adjusted operating profit despite a double-digit increase in media investment, and
adjusted diluted earnings per share were up 27% in constant currency.

We continue to focus on fiscal '21 on 3 priorities to drive strong performance in the short term while
advancing our long-term strategies: competing effectively everywhere we play, driving efficiency to fuel
investment in our brands and capabilities and reducing our leverage to increase our financial flexibility. I'm
pleased to report that as we start the year, we're delivering on all 3 of these priorities.

While the level of consumer demand largely depends on external factors, we are focused on what we
could control, and that starts with competing effectively everywhere we play. We competed successfully in
the first quarter with broad-based share gains across our top markets and categories. We held or gained
market share in each of our 6 largest markets, and our worldwide shares were up in large categories such
as cereal, snack bars, pet food and ice cream. And we've continued to improve our performance in yogurt,
including holding share in the U.S. and gaining share in France and Canada during the quarter.

Within the U.S., which makes up nearly 75% of our net sales, we held or grew share in 8 of our top 10
retail categories in our human food business. We gained share in pet food, and our share was up in away-
from-home measured channels.

Not only are we gaining share, but we're attracting new consumers in this environment. The current
environment represents a once-in-a-generation opportunity to drive trial for our brands. And we've seen
significant and broad-based increases in global household penetration for most of our largest brands,
including Cheerios, Pillsbury, Old El Paso, Progresso, Yoplait, Betty Crocker and more.

When you look at our U.S. retail business, where we have the most robust data, not only are we attracting
new consumers, but early signs indicate they've been satisfied with what they have tried and we are
retaining them. Our repeat rates are higher than pre-pandemic levels in 9 of our top 10 categories in the
U.S., and that's true whether you're talking about old buyers or buyers who are new to our brands. And
the improvement in repeat rates for our brands has outpaced the improvement in our top competitors'
brands across majority of our top categories. We're also seeing some encouraging demographic trends
with new General Mills consumers skewing more heavily to younger and Hispanic households than existing
users.

Slide 10 shows household penetration gains compared to pre-pandemic levels for General Mills brands and
our leading branded competitor for our top 10 U.S. categories. As you can see, we've grown penetration in
9 of these top 10 categories, and our penetration gains outpaced our leading branded competition in 8 of
the top 10.

With so many new consumers trying our brands, we've taken a number of approaches to maximize the
stickiness of this demand. First and most importantly, we spent many years renovating our portfolio to
improve the taste, nutrition, convenience and value of our offerings. For example, we improved the taste
and texture of our Pillsbury Grands! biscuits. We added more fruit to Original Style Yoplait. We modernized
the nutrition profile of Fiber One Brownies for weight managers. And we added more of the ingredients
consumers love to our Progresso Rich & Hearty soups, and we reduced sugar by almost 25% in our Yoplait
Petits Filous kid products in Europe.

Having done this important work, we are confident we will be able to retain new consumers by surprising
and delighting them when they try these products for the first time in a long time or perhaps the first time

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ1 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2020

ever. And the strength of the repeat purchase data we've seen so far is a good indication that consumers
are liking the results.

Beyond renovation, innovation remains critical to our business so we're continuing to bring high-quality
new products and formats to the markets this year, even if the quantity may be a bit lower than in years
past. Some examples of our recent innovation includes Cinnamon Cheerios, Old El Paso tortilla pockets in
Europe, our relaunched Dunkaroos snack line, Starburst flavors on Original Style Yoplait, Go-Gurt Slushie
and a new line of keto-friendly products, including Ratio Bars. We believe it's important to maintain our
innovation pressure throughout the pandemic and recession, so you'll continue to see us launch new items
over the course of fiscal 2021.

Breakthrough brand building is another key to improving the stickiness of demand. Since the onset of
the pandemic, we've increased our media investment and adjusted the way we reach consumers to
meet the current needs. For example, General Mills has 2 of the leading food websites in the U.S. with
bettycrocker.com and pillsbury.com, which, combined, have more than 7 million unique monthly visitors.
We have been adapting our recipes in these sites to meet consumers' new normal and solve their current
problems: simple meal prep, how to use ingredients on hand and recreating restaurant favorites at home.
We have seen substantial increases in traffic to these sites, including a 91% increase in 18- to 24-year-
olds visiting our sites since the start of the pandemic.

We are excited to continue our relationship with these consumers as they leverage newly learned cooking
and baking skills. On Old El Paso, we partnered with LeBron James Family Foundation to invite families
across the country to spark the magic of togetherness around the dinner table. The Cheerios brand
continues to leverage its heart health campaign with strong results. And our newly digital Box Tops for
Education platform continues to drive brand loyalty and consumer engagement and provides us with
proprietary information to help us improve our offerings and our connection with consumers.

Finally, we know e-commerce purchases are extremely sticky, so we're fueling e-commerce growth with
compelling partnerships and activations. In pet, we're reaching out to first-time Blue e-commerce buyers
to encourage them to transition to subscription-based purchases to help keep these new consumers in the
Blue franchise. In China, we're driving higher traffic to our shops by leveraging e-commerce for delivery
and pickup.

On our U.S. retail business, we are leveraging past purchase data to reconnect with lapsed consumers,
resulting in increased purchase frequency and household penetration gains. While we don't expect to
maintain all of the new consumers we've gained in the past 6 months, we're confident that these actions
will help us maximize the number of consumers we keep in the General Mills franchise, leading to stronger
growth over the long term.

Transitioning to our second priority of driving efficiency to fuel improvements on Slide 13. We continue
to target delivering a full year adjusted operating profit margin roughly in line with last year. We see
several margin tailwinds and headwinds impacting our performance in fiscal 2021. On the positive side,
we continue to expect to deliver strong savings from our Holistic Margin Management or HMM program at
4% of cost of goods sold. And we are maximizing our internal capacity utilization, which will drive volume
leverage. In terms of headwind to margins, we continue to expect input cost inflation of 3% of COGS.

We're also increasing our external manufacturing capacity, allowing us to react quickly to the increase in
demand and avoid excess capital in the short term. For example, in our North America Retail business,
we have added around 30 new external manufacturers since the start of the pandemic, providing
approximately a 25% increase in external capacity. While this comes at a higher cost in our internal
capacity, we still like the profitability of these sales even if they're at a lower profit margin. And
importantly, leveraging external capacity allows us to shed costs if we see demand moderate.

Taking learnings from the last recession, we know it's critically important to continue to invest behind
our great brands and growth ideas. In fiscal '21, we expect brand investments, including media and
investments in capabilities like data and analytics, e-commerce and strategic revenue management, will
be up year-over-year. Finally, we continue to plan for ongoing health and safety expenses related to the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ1 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2020

pandemic. While these have moderated from the fourth quarter, we expect they will continue throughout
fiscal 2021.

Turning to Slide 14. We've made substantial progress on our third priority of reducing our leverage to
increase our financial flexibility. As of Q1, we have reached our targeted net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio
of 3.0x, which is well ahead of our original schedule coming out of the Blue Buffalo acquisition. As a result,
we're beginning to shift to our normal capital allocation priorities, starting with dividend growth.

As we noted in this morning's press release, our Board approved a 4% increase in the quarterly dividend
rate to $0.51, effective with our next dividend payment in early November. With our leverage at a
comfortable level, we like the flexibility it gives us to consider future dividend growth and to activate our
other capital priorities, including strategic acquisitions and share repurchases.

Now I'll pass it to Kofi to share more details on our Q1 financial results.

Kofi A. Bruce
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Jeff, and hello, everyone. Let's start with our first quarter financial results on Slide 16. Net sales
of $4.4 billion were up 9%. Organic net sales grew 10% in the quarter, including the impact of elevated
consumer demand driven by the COVID-19 pandemic.

Adjusted operating profit increased 22% in constant currency, primarily driven by higher net sales and
fixed cost leverage in the supply chain, partially offset by higher SG&A expenses, including a double-digit
increase in media. Adjusted diluted earnings per share totaled $1 in the quarter and grew 27% in constant
currency, driven by higher adjusted operating profit and higher after-tax earnings from joint ventures,
partially offset by a higher adjusted effective tax rate and higher diluted shares outstanding.

Slide 17 summarizes components of our net sales growth in the quarter. Organic net sales were up 10%,
with 8% in organic pound volume and 2 points of positive organic price/mix. Foreign exchange was a 1
point drag in the quarter.

Now let's turn to segment results, beginning with North America Retail on Slide 18. First quarter organic
net sales were up 14%, led by 31% growth in U.S. Meals & Baking and 10% growth in U.S. cereal.

As Jeff mentioned, we competed effectively in Q1, holding or gaining share in 8 of our top 10 categories
in the U.S. First quarter U.S. retail sales increased 11%, which was slower than organic net sales growth,
reflecting a partial replenishment of retail inventory that was depleted in the fourth quarter of fiscal '20.

First quarter constant-currency segment operating profit increased 24%, primarily driven by higher
volume partially offset by higher SG&A expenses, including increased media. Organic net sales for our
pet segment increased 6% in the quarter, driven by growth in food, drug and mass or FDM channels as
well as in e-commerce. We estimate that a reduction in at-home pet food inventory, which was elevated
during early stages of the pandemic, was a headwind to first quarter net sales. This 6% organic net sales
growth is on top of mid-teens like-for-like net sales growth in the first quarter of fiscal '20 when we were
benefiting from expanded FDM distribution, and the results were broad-based with continued net sales
growth for both dog food and cat food, including double-digit growth on wet food and treats.

We're encouraged that we continued to grow household penetration and Nielsen-measured market share
in the quarter after lapping our previous distribution gains. On the bottom line, first quarter segment
operating profit grew 12% in constant currency, driven by higher volume and COGS HMM savings, partially
offset by negative price/mix and higher SG&A expenses, including increased media.

Turning to Convenience Stores & Foodservice segment results on Slide 20. Organic net sales declined
12% in the quarter, driven by reduced demand in away-from-home channels. We continued to see
lower consumer traffic compared to a year ago, and it impacted our results in key channels, including
restaurants, lodging and convenience stores, though these traffic trends have improved from the fourth
quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ1 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2020

And we continued to compete effectively in these channels. In fact, we grew market share in our key
measured channels again in the first quarter. Segment operating profit was down 24% in the quarter,
driven by lower net sales.

In Europe and Australia, first quarter organic net sales increased 7%, primarily driven by increased at-
home demand for our Mexican food, Häagen-Dazs retail ice cream and baking products, partially offset
by a product recall-driven supply constraint on Green Giant vegetables. As we mentioned during our
Q4 earnings call, our portfolio mix in this segment includes roughly 40% of net sales in yogurt, sizable
businesses in ice cream and snack bars and nearly 10% of net sales through foodservice channels.
Therefore, the impact of elevated at-home demand continues to be less in this segment than it is for North
America retail, which has a much larger portion of net sales in the meals and baking categories.

In terms of in-market performance, we gained aggregate market share in the first quarter, including
encouraging share growth in France, our largest market in the segment. First quarter segment operating
profit nearly doubled in constant currency, driven by higher net sales, including positive price/mix in the
quarter.

In Asia and Latin America, first quarter organic net sales grew 17%. Net sales were up strong double
digits in Latin America, including significant growth in Yoki meals and snacks and Kitano Seasoning
products in Brazil. Net sales were up double digits in Asia, primarily driven by Wanchai Ferry dumplings
and Häagen-Dazs retail ice cream sales in China. This growth was partially offset by declines in away-
from-home foodservice outlets and Häagen-Dazs shops. Though, as Jeff noted earlier, we continue to see
foot traffic in our China shops improve over the course of the quarter, from down 15% in May to down only
5% in August. First quarter segment operating profit increased 68% in constant currency, driven by higher
net sales.

Slide 23 summarizes our joint venture results for the quarter. Cereal Partners Worldwide posted top line
growth for the eighth consecutive quarter, with constant-currency net sales up 9%. CPW's growth was
broad-based, led by Latin America, Turkey, the U.K. and the continental Europe region. Häagen-Dazs
Japan net sales were down 1% in constant currency with lower volume, partially offset by positive price/
mix. First quarter combined after-tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $41 million compared to $22
million a year ago, driven primarily by higher net sales and volume leverage at CPW.

Turning to total company margin results. First quarter adjusted gross margin increased 100 basis points,
primarily driven by volume leverage, partially offset by COVID-related health and safety expenses as
well as cost to secure incremental production capacity. Adjusted operating profit margin in the quarter
increased 210 basis points, driven by the increase in adjusted gross margin, along with good cost
management in SG&A, which was up only 2% despite a double-digit increase in media investment in the
quarter.

Slide 25 summarizes other noteworthy Q1 income statement items. Unallocated corporate expenses,
excluding certain items affecting comparability, increased by $8 million in the quarter. Net interest expense
decreased by $8 million, driven by lower average debt balances, partially offset by a change in the mix of
debt. The adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 21.9% compared to 20.9% a year ago, driven by
nonrecurring discrete benefits in fiscal '20 partially offset by earnings mix by market in fiscal '21. And our
average diluted shares outstanding were up 1%.

Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. First quarter operating cash flow totaled $584 million, up 2%
from the prior year, primarily driven by higher net earnings, partially offset by the timing of tax payments
and receipts as well as higher after-tax earnings from joint ventures. Our core working capital balance
totaled $54 million, a reduction of $570 million from a year ago, primarily driven by improvements in
accounts payable.

Capital investments in the quarter totaled $117 million. We paid $303 million in dividends in the quarter.
And as Jeff mentioned earlier, we ended the quarter with a leverage ratio of 3x net debt to trailing 12-
month adjusted EBITDA.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ1 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2020

Turning to expectations for the balance of fiscal '21. We've outlined some key assumptions on Slide 27.
The largest factor impacting our performance this year continues to be the relative balance of at-home
versus away-from-home consumer food demand, which is tied to the virus control and macroeconomic
conditions.

Because of the uncertainty in demand, we are not yet providing full year guidance. With that being said,
we do expect demand for at-home food to be elevated throughout this year compared to pre-pandemic
levels. And we will continue to track factors such as the availability of a vaccine, unemployment rates and
wage growth to assess the likely magnitude and duration of increased at-home demand.

Narrowing in on our second quarter, we expect our North America retail categories to grow in the high
single-digit range, similar to the rate of growth we saw in August. As we look further out, we expect net
sales to be down in the fourth quarter, driven by the difficult comparison to year-ago period when net
sales grew 21% behind the initial pandemic-driven surge in at-home demand, the 53rd week and the
extra month of results in our pet segment.

And in terms of margin expectations, I covered our first quarter margin expansion earlier. For the second
quarter, we expect adjusted operating profit margins to be down, driven by higher cost of service demand,
including increased utilization of external manufacturing capacity that will most heavily impact the second
quarter as well as the comparison to the prior year period that included a timing-related leverage benefit.
And as Jeff noted, we continue to target a full year adjusted operating profit margin, roughly in line with
fiscal 2020 levels.

Let me now turn it back to Jeff for closing remarks.

Jeffrey L. Harmening
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Kofi. I'll close with just a few thoughts.

The fundamentals of our business are strong. We're executing extremely well amid an uncertain operating
environment, and we're taking actions and making investments that will set us up for long-term success.
We're happy to be returning to our normal capital allocation priorities, starting by growing the dividend
again. And we're optimistic about our future and our ability to deliver profitable growth and strong returns
for General Mills shareholders.
Thank you for your time this morning. This concludes our prepared remarks. I invite you to listen to our
live question-and-answer webcast, which will begin at 7:30 a.m. Central time this morning and will be
available for replay at generalmills.com.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ1 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 23, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

