General Mills, Inc. NYSE:GIS
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, March 18, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

0.76

0.77

1.32

0.87

3.36

-

3.42

Revenue  (mm)

4207.33

4180.30

(0.64 %)

4556.06

17184.16

17033.85

17087.49

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Mar-18-2020 12:14 PM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.76

0.77

0.88

0.76

0.83

0.79

0.95

0.77

9.21 %

2.60 %

7.95 %

1.32 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jeff Siemon
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Jeffrey L. Harmening
Chairman & CEO

Jonathon J. Nudi
Group President of North America
Retail

Kofi A. Bruce
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

David Driscoll;DD
Research;Founder

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Faiza Alwy
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Steven A. Strycula
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to the General Mills Quarter 3 Fiscal 2020 Earnings Call.

[Operator Instructions]

As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, March 18, 2020.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeff Siemon, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go
ahead.

Jeff Siemon
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Nelson, and good morning, everyone. I'm here with Jeff Harmening, our Chairman and CEO;
and Kofi Bruce, our CFO. Also joining us this morning for Q&A is Jon Nudi, who leads our North America
retail segment. I'll turn the call over to them in a moment. But before I do, let me first touch on a
few items upfront. Our press release on third quarter results went out earlier this morning, and you
can find the release and a copy of the slides from this morning on our Investor Relations website. It's
important to note that our remarks this morning will include forward-looking statements that are based
on management's current views and assumptions, including facts and assumptions Jeff and Kofi will share
related to the impact of the COVID-19 virus outbreak on our results in fiscal '20.

The second slide in today's presentation lists a number of factors, among them the impact of COVID-19,
that could cause our future results to be different than our current estimates.

And with that, I'll turn you over to my colleagues, beginning with Jeff.

Jeffrey L. Harmening
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Our key messages today are listed on Slide 4. But before
we cover our execution against fiscal '20 priorities, our Q3 results and our updated outlook given this
extraordinary period of time, I'd like to take a minute to discuss what we're seeing with respect to the
COVID-19 virus outbreak and share what General Mills is doing to address our most important objectives,
which are the continued health and safety of our employees and our ongoing ability to serve consumers
around the world.

For the past 154 years, General Mills has played a critical role in making food to meet the needs of our
consumers. And in recent weeks, I could tell you that I'm proud of the way we partnered with our retail
customers to address the increased demand for food at home.

We are taking steps to flatten the curve and limit exposure to the virus while continuing to safely operate
our business. We've asked all of our employees to partake in social distancing practices, and we've
required those who can to work from home through at least April 1st. For the safety of all involved, we've
also restricted business travel and visitors at our facilities.

With that in mind, Slide 5 summarizes how COVID-19 has impacted our business in recent weeks and
what we expect to see in the coming months. As we mentioned last month at CAGNY, nearly half of our
Häagen-Dazs shops in Greater China had been temporarily closed. In total, we saw a 90% decline in
traffic in shops and substantial declines in other Foodservice outlets in China in February, resulting in a
significant reduction in Häagen-Dazs sales in Asia for the month. This was a 50 basis point headwind to
total company organic net sales growth and an estimated 150 basis point headwind to adjusted operating
profit and adjusted diluted earnings per share growth in the third quarter.

As the virus continues to spread, we expect to see reduced consumer demand for away-from-home
food in the near term, impacting both our Asia and Latin America and Convenience Stores & Foodservice

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2020

segments. In Asia, while most of our shops are now open again, many have reduced hours in service,
and store traffic is still down roughly 60% during the month of March. At the same time, we expect to see
greater near-term demand for Food at Home primarily impacting our North America Retail and Europe &
Australia segments.

While it is still early, we've seen increased customer orders and higher retail sales takeaway in Nielsen-
measured channels since the beginning of March. Our U.S. retail sales results for the week ended March
7th were up low double digits, including Pet, and we anticipate takeaway for the week ending March 14th
will be many times higher across all channels.

While we assume this short-term stock-up demand will ebb in the coming months, our expectation is that
overall at-home food demand will remain elevated in Q4, and the bulk of any unwind will happen in fiscal
'21. There is a great deal of uncertainty in this component of our forecast, and if we see a material change
in outlook, we will provide an update before the end of the fiscal year.

Importantly, our supply chain is operating effectively around the world. And we've been able to service
the vast majority of customer demand to date. Our outlook assumes we continue to operate our supply
chain with minimal disruption, but this could change if the virus situation worsens materially. Given this
heightened level of uncertainty regarding COVID-19, our full year guidance, that Kofi will cover in a few
minutes, reflects a wider range for sales, profit and EPS than we would typically carry with just 1 quarter
remaining in the year.

With those assumptions in mind, let me now turn it over to Kofi to review our third quarter financial
performance and updated outlook for the year. Kofi?

Kofi A. Bruce
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Jeff, and good morning to everyone. Slide 7 summarizes our financial results for the third quarter.
Net sales were flat to last year at $4.2 billion. Organic net sales were also flat with another quarter
of strong growth in Pet, largely offset by declines in North America retail and Convenience Stores &
Foodservice. As expected, constant currency adjusted operating profit was 8% below prior year results,
driven primarily by higher SG&A expenses, including higher Media investment. Third quarter adjusted
diluted earnings per share totaled $0.77, down 6% in constant currency, driven by lower adjusted
operating profit, partially offset by lower net interest expense.

Slide 8 summarizes the components of net sales growth in the quarter. Organic net sales were in line with
last year, with positive organic price mix, largely offset by a modest decline in organic pound volume.
Foreign exchange was flat in the quarter.

Turning to segment results on Slide 9. North America retail performance in the third quarter compared
against our strongest quarter from a year ago on the top and bottom lines. The results included third
quarter organic net sales, which were down 1%, primarily driven by U.S. meals and baking. In the first
9 months of the fiscal year, organic net sales were in line with year ago levels, which was a 1 point
improvement over our fiscal '19 organic net sales growth. We drove sequential net sales improvement in
U.S. Snacks and U.S. Yogurt in the third quarter, while our U.S. Cereal results stepped back versus the
first half growth rate, as we expected.

Looking at our fiscal '20 year-to-date in-market results, we grew share in 6 of our top 10 categories,
which comprise roughly 85% of our Nielsen-measured retail sales in the U.S. And third quarter constant
currency segment operating profit declined 9% primarily due to a significant increase in Media expense as
well as lapping double-digit profit growth in last year's third quarter.

Turning to Convenience Stores & Foodservice on Slide 10. Organic net sales declined 2% in the quarter,
driven by Non-Focus 6 Flour and Mix businesses. Net sales for the Focus 6 platforms grew 2%, led by
Cereal, Frozen Baked Goods and Yogurt, which continued strong contributions from our new 2-ounce
equivalent grain cereal offering in schools and bulk Yoplait Yogurt. Third quarter segment operating profit
was down 5% driven by higher input costs.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2020

Slide 11 summarizes our results for Europe & Australia. Third quarter organic net sales were down 1%,
driven by declines in Yogurt and Ice Cream, partially offset by growth in Snack Bars and Mexican food.
In terms of in-market performance in the quarter, retail sales were up double digits for Snack Bars and
up mid-single digits for Mexican Food. Third quarter segment operating profit declined 11% in constant
currency, driven by higher input costs, partially offset by lower SG&A expenses. In Asia & Latin America,
third quarter organic net sales essentially matched year ago results. Net sales in Latin America were up
low single digits in constant currency, driven by continued improved performance in Brazil after a slow
start to the year. Net sales in Asia were down low single digits in constant currency in the quarter.

As Jeff mentioned earlier, the COVID-19 outbreak had a significant negative impact on foot traffic in our
Häagen-Dazs shops and Foodservice outlets in Asia. And the majority of our stores were temporarily
closed in China. As a result, February's lower Ice Cream net sales in Asia were a 500 basis point drag on
the segment's net sales growth in the third quarter. This headwind was partially offset by strong growth on
Wanchai Ferry dumplings in China, driven by increased at-home food consumption in February.

Third quarter segment operating profit in Asia & Latin America was down 64% in constant currency, driven
by higher SG&A expenses and lower Asia Ice Cream net sales, partially offset by higher net sales in Latin
America.

Our third quarter Pet segment results are summarized on Slide 13. I'm pleased to say we had another
great quarter of growth with net sales up 11%, driven by strong growth in food, drug and mass, or FDM,
channels and positive price mix. This net sales performance was led by strong double-digit growth on
Blue's 2 largest product lines: Life Protection Formula and Wilderness.

Looking at in-market performance, our year-to-date all-channel retail sales were up low double digits,
and we continue to gain share in the U.S. Pet food category. On the bottom line, third quarter segment
operating profit grew 29%, driven by higher net sales, partially offset by higher Media expense.

Slide 14 summarizes our joint venture results in the quarter. Cereal Partners Worldwide posted top line
growth for the 6th consecutive quarter, with constant currency net sales up 1%. That growth was broad-
based led by the U.K., Middle East, Mexico and Turkey. Häagen-Dazs Japan net sales declined 5% in
constant currency, driven by lower volume, partially offset by positive price/mix. Third quarter combined
after-tax earnings from joint ventures totaled $11 million, down 8% from last year driven by phasing
of brand investment at CPW and lower volume at HDJ, partially offset by positive price/mix in both
businesses.

Turning to total company margin results on Slide 15. Third quarter adjusted gross margin was down 30
basis points, driven by higher input costs, partly offset by positive net price realization and mix. Adjusted
operating profit margin was down 130 basis points in the quarter, driven by higher SG&A expenses
including a significant increase in media investment.

Slide 16 summarizes other noteworthy Q3 income statement items. Unallocated corporate expenses,
excluding certain items affecting comparability increased $8 million in the quarter. Net interest expense
decreased $21 million driven by lower average debt balances and lower rates. With our good progress on
debt pay-down and favorable interest rates, we now expect full year net interest expense to total $470
million, approximately. The adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was 21% compared to 19.9% a year
ago, driven by certain discrete tax benefits in fiscal 2019, partly offset by changes in country earnings mix
in fiscal '20. And average diluted shares outstanding were up 1% in the quarter.

Now turning to our fiscal year-to-date results on Slide 17. Net sales totaled $12.6 billion, down 1% versus
last year, driven by unfavorable foreign currency exchange. Year-to-date, organic net sales were in line
with last year with positive price/mix, offset by lower volume. Adjusted operating profit was up 2% in
constant currency, driven by positive price/mix, partially offset by higher SG&A expenses including higher
media investment. Year-to-date, adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.51 increased 5% in constant
currency, driven by higher adjusted operating profit, lower interest expense and higher non-service
pension income, partially offset by higher net shares outstanding.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2020

Slide 18 provides our year-to-date balance sheet and cash flow highlights for fiscal '20. 9-month cash
from operations was $2.2 billion, up 7% from the prior year, driven primarily by higher earnings. Our
core working capital balance totaled $342 million, down 31% from a year ago, driven by continued
improvements in accounts payable. Capital investments in fiscal year-to-date totaled $269 million. Given
the timing of year-to-date spending, we now expect full year capital spending to finish a bit under 3% of
net sales. 9-month free cash flow totaled $1.9 billion, up 14% from last year. This strong free cash flow
performance enabled us to pay $895 million in dividends and reduce debt by $862 million in the first 9
months of our fiscal '20.

Now let's turn to our outlook, including our fourth quarter expectations, which are summarized on Slide
19. We expect Q4 organic net sales growth to step up significantly, driven by improved performance
in North America Retail as well as an extra month of results in Pet as we align that business to our
fiscal year-end. Q4 reported net sales will benefit from a 53rd week in May. This accelerated net sales
growth will drive a strong increase in gross profit dollars in the quarter, which will be partially offset by a
significant increase in growth investments in brand building and capabilities. And as Jeff indicated, with
regards to the impact of COVID-19, we will remain agile as the demand for at-home versus away-from-
home food evolves across our markets. Our outlook assumes that we continue our strong supply chain
execution through the end of the year without significant disruption.

With that as a backdrop, our updated fiscal 2020 guidance is outlined on Slide 20. We continue to
expect organic net sales to increase 1% to 2%. The combination of currency translation, the impact
of divestitures executed in fiscal '19, and contributions from the 53rd week in fiscal '20 is expected to
increase reported net sales by approximately 1%. Constant currency adjusted operating profit is now
expected to increase 4% to 6%, which is ahead of the previous range of 2% to 4% growth. The primary
drivers of our increased profit outlook include increased Holistic Margin Management productivity savings,
a modest reduction in our input cost inflation forecast, and continued tight control over administrative
expenses.

Constant currency adjusted diluted earnings per share are now expected to increase 6% to 8% from the
base of $3.22 earned in fiscal '19, which is ahead of the previous range of 3% to 5%. The primary drivers
of our increased EPS guidance are the increased forecast for adjusted operating profit and the expectation
for reduced interest expense that I mentioned earlier. We continue to estimate that foreign currency will
be immaterial to adjusted operating profit and adjusted diluted EPS. We continue to expect to convert at
least 105% of adjusted after-tax earnings into free cash flow. And we'll maintain our disciplined focus on
cash to achieve our targeted year-end leverage ratio of 3.5x net debt to adjusted EBITDA.

With that, I'll turn it back over to Jeff to cover our progress against our fiscal '20 priorities.

Jeffrey L. Harmening
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Kofi. On Slide 21, you can see our 3 key priorities for fiscal 2020. As I reflect on results for the
first 9 months of the year, I'm pleased to be able to say that we have a good line of sight to deliver on all
3. First, we're on track to deliver accelerated organic sales growth compared to our fiscal '19 results. We
expect to improve organic growth in North America Retail by a full point versus last year and to deliver
double-digit organic growth in the Pet segment. After getting off to a slow start in the first quarter in our
remaining 3 segments, our top line trends have improved in the last 2 quarters, and we've continued to
work to get those businesses back to growth.

Second, we expect to deliver a positive year on margins with good results on HMM productivity and
positive price/mix from our Strategic Revenue Management efforts, allowing us to significantly increase
growth-oriented investments in brand building and in capabilities.

And third, as Kofi just mentioned, we're on track to achieve our fiscal 2020 leverage reduction target.

With these priorities in mind, I'll share a few examples of our year-to-date performance, highlighting
what's working well and where we're working to improve. I'll begin with North America Retail, focusing on
Cereal, Yogurt and Snacks.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2020

I'm quite pleased with our performance in U.S. Cereal to date. Following 2 years of modest retail sales
growth in fiscal '18 and fiscal '19, our results have accelerated to a 1% growth in the first 9 months of
fiscal '20. We've strengthened our share leader position in the U.S. through remarkable brand building
and strong execution against the fundamentals. For example, we've invested behind compelling consumer
ideas such as our Cheerios Heart Health Campaign, which drove 4% year-to-date retail sales growth on
the Cheerios franchise.

Retail sales for the Cinnamon Toast Crunch franchise were also up 4% so far this year, driven by strong
media support on the core as well as continued success of recent innovations such as Cheerios and
Chocolate Toast Crunch. And our innovation continues to add to our growth with Blueberry Cheerios, a
new oats and honey variety of Cheerios Oat Crunch, and Peanut Butter Chex, representing the 3 largest
new products in the category in the third quarter.

Now let's turn to U.S. Yogurt on Slide 23. Our strategy to get yogurt back to growth centers on continuing
to grow our core product lines through brand building and product news, while at the same time
innovating in faster-growing spaces that will soon become sizable enough to offset declines we're seeing
in retail in our tail. While our year-to-date results modestly lag our fiscal '19 trends, driven by a more
significant tail distribution losses and the phasing of support on our Oui by Yoplait product line, we're
encouraged by more recent performance. We continue to drive growth on our core, with year-to-date
retail sales up 2% for Original Style Yogurt and up 6% for Go-Gurt. We've seen sequential improvement
in our distribution trends in the last 2 months, while continuing to grow turns per point of distribution this
fiscal year.

Our second half innovation is off to a good start. While it's still early, our limited-edition Starburst line of
Original Style Yoplait and our new coconut based dairy-free offering by Oui by Yoplait are the 2 largest
launches in the category since January. And we're increasing our brand-building support on our core,
including Oui by Yoplait which saw retail sales improve in the third quarter behind a stronger consumer
support plan.

For U.S. Snacks on Slide 24, we drove retail sales improvement through the first 9 months of fiscal '20,
and we expect further improvement in the fourth quarter behind innovation, renovation, brand building
support and improved distribution. Nature Valley performance has benefited from our successful Wafer
Bar innovation, which is the biggest launch in the Snack Bar category this year, as well as improved
merchandising execution. On Fiber One, our innovative products and refreshed marketing campaign
have made the brand more relevant for modern weight managers. These 2 brands are also beginning to
lap significant distribution losses from a year ago, which should further improve the retail sales trends.
And our Treat Bars featuring household favorite brands such Cinnamon Toast Crunch, Lucky Charms and
Golden Grahams are continuing to enjoy outsized growth with year-to-date retail sales up over 100%.

On Fruit Snacks, we drove 5% retail sales growth and strengthened our leading market share position in
the first 9 months of the year behind excellent performance on Gushers and Disney Equity Fruit Snacks.
With benefits from better distribution trends, contributions from Nature Valley innovation and Fiber One
renovation and increased brand building investment behind bars and Fruit Snacks, we remain on track to
improve U.S. Snacks performance in fiscal '20.

Overall, we're making progress in North America Retail through the first 9 months of the year. Year-to-
date organic net sales results are a full point better than last year, and we're competing effectively, holding
or growing share in 6 of our top 10 categories, and we're stepping up investment behind our brands to
build momentum as we close out fiscal '20 and head into fiscal '21.

Turning to our Pet segment on Slide 25. We continue to drive double-digit all-channel retail sales
performance on Blue through 3 quarters. From a channel standpoint, year-to-date retail sales were up
significantly in food, drug and mass, as we benefited from our expansion to new customers and the launch
of Wilderness in food, drug and mass in last year's fourth quarter. Importantly, retail sales for food, drug
and mass customers who have carried Blue more than 18 months were up 31% in Q3.

As expected, year-to-date retail sales in Pet Specialty were down versus last year. We continue to support
the channel through unique programs and innovation. And as we shared at CAGNY last month, we're

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2020

launching 2 new lines into select Pet Specialty retailers in the second half, including Baby Blue, which
brings solutions to new and younger pet parents at a time when they are most engaged, and True
Solutions, a line of pet food formula to treat common pet ailments. And Blue Buffalo continues to drive
strong year-to-date retail sales growth in the rapidly evolving e-commerce channel.

Looking ahead to Q4, there are 2 factors that will have a material impact on our Pet segment results this
year. First, we'll lap last year's distribution expansion and Wilderness launch into food, drug and mass,
which drove significant pro forma growth and positive price/mix in last year's fourth quarter. Second, as
Kofi mentioned, we report an extra month of results in our Pet segment in this year's Q4 as we align this
segment to General Mills May year-end. For the full year, we remain on track to deliver 8% to 10% like-
for-like growth for the Pet segment, excluding the benefit of the calendar differences in fiscal '20. We're
excited about the growth prospects ahead and continue to remain confident in the long-term opportunities
for Blue Buffalo.

In total, we're encouraged by our performance in North America Retail and Pet this year. For our other 3
segments, we had a slow start to the year, and while we've improved organic sales since the first quarter,
there's clearly more work to do to get these businesses back to growth. As we look ahead, we'll remain
agile across all segments as we navigate the changing consumer demand patterns and at-home versus
away-from-home food driven by the COVID-19 virus.

In addition, for Convenience Stores & Foodservice, we're focused on continuing to drive growth in the
Focus 6 platforms while improving our performance in Flour and Mix. In Europe & Australia, we expect to
regain some lost distribution on Häagen-Dazs in France in Q4. And at the same time we anticipate some
short-term headwinds in the U.K. driven by reduced distribution and lower levels of quality merchandising.

Our priorities for this segment are to continue to invest behind our accelerate platforms, including Snack
Bars, Old El Paso and Häagen-Dazs, while working to stabilize Yogurt through focus on our core lines,
including Petits Filous, Yop and Perle de Lait .

In Asia & Latin America, we'll continue to drive growth on our accelerate platforms, including Häagen-Dazs
Ice Cream and Nature Valley Snacks, while investing behind important regional brands such as Wanchai
Ferry in China, and Yoki and Kitano in Brazil.

I'll close our remarks this morning by summarizing today's key messages. First, and most importantly,
our top focus remains on the health and safety of our employees as well as serving our consumers as
we manage through the rapidly evolving situation with COVID-19. Second, we're executing extremely
well, and we're on track to deliver our fiscal '20 priorities in what is proving to be a highly dynamic
environment. Third, our third quarter results were broadly in line with our expectations excluding the
impact of the COVID-19 virus in Asia. And finally, we're raising our guidance on profit and EPS.
With that, let's open the mic for questions. Operator, can you please get us started?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Interesting question I think is whether some of the unanticipated trial that General Mills and others are
getting as a result of the sort of current situation. Maybe some portion can be sustained longer-term as
consumers add some items maybe to their ongoing shopping basket that they wouldn't have otherwise
done as they see some of the improvements made by certain brands to improve product quality and sort
of relevance over the past couple of years. I know it's a hard one to obviously answer now. But maybe you
can share some of your thoughts on this, and maybe a little context or a bit of maybe what your consumer
insights might say about some of the improvements or the areas where the company has made? What you
think are some of those improvements in terms of things like product trial and repeat rates where you've
made maybe significant changes in relevance, things like that? I appreciate it's dynamic and some of this,
we'll have to see. But maybe just some of your thoughts on that would be really helpful.

Jeffrey L. Harmening
Chairman & CEO

Yes, Andrew, that's a really thoughtful -- this is Jeff. It's a really thoughtful question. Let me give you a
couple of insights from China and then I'll pass it to Jon Nudi to maybe give you a couple of insights from
North America Retail. And in China, as we said, our shops business has been down over the last month.
But interestingly our frozen dumpling business has been up double digits, and particularly with delivery at
home. And it's very clear that we've increased household penetration in China, and that demand continues
to be strong, even as our shop business open up and China gets back to work. And so I'm not sure the
lessons we learned in China will hold everywhere. But at least what we're seeing in China is that our
household penetration on Wanchai Ferry dumplings has increased, and there is strong growth following the
fact that people are starting to get back to work. We have done a lot of work in the U.S. on some of our
product lines, in particular snacks, but I'll let Jon Nudi comment on that.

Jonathon J. Nudi
Group President of North America Retail

Yes. Andrew, I guess the first thing right now, obviously, it's a really fluid situation. So the bulk of our
time is spent on working with the retail partners and servicing the business. That being said, as Jeff
mentioned, we've worked hard over the last few years to renovate the majority of our product lines.
If you think about refrigerated baked goods, we've touched the bulk of that business which is big and
important and profitable for us. Cereal has been renovated as well. So we do believe it's an opportunity
perhaps as consumers come back and try our products again after several years to see the products and
the improvements that we've made and ultimately hopefully drive penetration for the long term.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan & Company.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Two from me. First, just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on what you've seen the last week or
2 in your convenience store business. I know it's hard to know; you're not exactly timing your shipments
with their takeaway. But any color there would be helpful, just obviously, given that consumers are on the
road a little bit less.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2020

And the second question is, you talked a lot about increased marketing, and I totally appreciate the
benefits of that in the long run. Can you walk us through a little bit maybe of how that conversation goes
internally when you have increased demand naturally already? Whether you're thinking about pulling back
at all on some of that marketing and maybe letting some of that cash flow either drop to the bottom line
or be reinvested in CapEx or other ways, just trying to think about how you balance those factors?

Jeffrey L. Harmening
Chairman & CEO

So Ken, and as we look at channels, I mean, clearly the situation is evolving quickly. And I'll give you what
insights we have, which may not be sufficient. But look, as we look at March so far, we haven't seen a
big falloff in our Convenience & Foodservice business through today. But clearly the situation continues to
evolve. And you, like us, see schools closing, and that's a big piece of our business. And we also see the
restaurant traffic is down. And what we're seeing is those 2 things there is some offset by what we see in
convenience stores, where the traffic is strong, and unfortunately certainly with health care. And so we
would expect in the fourth quarter that our C&F business would be down for all of those factors. But look,
the situation continues to evolve in ways that you would probably anticipate.

In terms of how we think of marketing for the fourth quarter, that's a good question. I mean the first thing
I would say is that as we look around the world, we have made sure that whatever marketing we have,
that the messaging is appropriate. It's a unique time. And we need to make sure whether we're doing --
we're talking about our brands on social media or we're doing it through broad scale like TV, first of all our
messages has to be appropriate for the time. And I can tell you we've done that worldwide and we feel
like it is. Second is that [ highly appropriate for ] that message I think includes not talking about stocking
up and that kind of thing. We see consumers doing that already. Having said that, for us brand building
is a long-term investment. It's not only what we do this quarter. So we'll continue to build our brands in
appropriate ways, because the impact is not only for now but it's 3 months from now and 6 months from
now. In addition, and this is only one man's opinion with very little data to back it up, but I think it also
can convey a sense of normalcy for people as their lives are anything but normal in many parts of the
world. And so for us, we think if we have a responsibility to do that, whether it's delivering our products or
whether it's advertising Cinnamon Toast Crunch.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

One man's opinion with little data to back it up, that's what I do for a living. Please stay safe.

Jeffrey L. Harmening
Chairman & CEO

Same to you.

Kofi A. Bruce
Chief Financial Officer

Same to you.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I'm trying to think through some really worst-case scenarios from a supply chain perspective, like a
2-week period where people just are locked up in their houses, can't go to manufacturing facilities or
distribution centers. Have you and John Church kind of thought through those scenarios? And if that
happens, is there a possibility of like federal government assistance, anything to keep the food supply
chain moving?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2020

Jeffrey L. Harmening
Chairman & CEO

So we -- so Rob, it's a good question. And certainly keeping the supply chain moving is at the top of our
mind. And so I think it's an insightful question. As we think about it, the first couple of things I would
say is, look, up until this point the supply chain has been working remarkably well. Our service levels are
well over 90%. And I will tell you, our retail partners have been very grateful for the work that we and
others have done. And so certainly up until this point in time the supply chains have been working very
well. Despite maybe even you should see pictures of store shelves being empty, I can tell you that food
continues to flow, we continue to make it, our retailers continue to stock as quickly as they can. And that
all is actually working pretty well. As we look ahead, one of the things -- we need to do a couple things.
One is that we need to make sure our employees remain safe. And the second is that we need to maintain
the delivery of products. We need to do both. We can't really do one or the other. We have to do both.

In terms of employee safety, I would say that while people are at work, we already follow very strict food
safety guidelines and employee safety guidelines at our plants, hand washing and things like that, and
the guidelines set forth by the FDA and the USDA. One of the things that we're doing incrementally is we
have adjusted our leave policy to make sure that people who are sick can stay home and get paid and
stay at home because we certainly don't want sick people coming into our manufacturing plants or our
offices. And as I said, we've put some policies in place to help them out. We've also worked through a
number of contingencies. But to date, I think it's also important to note that the FDA and a note they put
out yesterday reiterated the statement that there's currently no evidence of food or food packaging being
associated with transmission of COVID-19. And so we anticipate continuing production through most of
our -- the course of our normal actions. The only thing we've done differently at some of our sites is that
we have encouraged social distancing. So instead of having everybody gather in the lunchroom over time,
we're encouraging people to do it at different times. And instead of having breaks all at one time, doing
breaks at different times. So we've been responsible in that way.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with DD Research.

David Driscoll;DD Research;Founder

Wanted to ask a little bit about the sales guidance. Kofi, can you talk a little bit about why the sales
guidance is not actually raised? In your prepared comments, it sounded like the fourth quarter is going
to be really good. But when I look at your total consolidated guidance for organic revenue for the year,
there's no real change right there. So can we start there?

Kofi A. Bruce
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, absolutely, David. So just as context, the low end of our guidance would assume that the impact of
COVID on the balance of the year is effectively net neutral. And it's important to maybe set as a frame of
reference where we were at Q2, which is effectively our NAR business on to slightly ahead of expectations.
Our Pet business on to slightly on expectations. And then we got behind on the other businesses. And
although we're making progress on C&F, EU/AU and ASLA, clearly the expectation would have driven sort
of an aggregate us to the lower end of the range as a start point on the top line. So I think where our
midpoint then gets us is effectively the at-home channels in NAR and EU/AU, would partially offset the
drag from ASLA and their expected traffic pressure in our away-from-home business on C&F. And then
obviously at the high end, we would expect the trends we're seeing in March that are reflected in the
midpoint of our range to stick through the balance of the year.

David Driscoll;DD Research;Founder

That's super helpful. And then just 2 quick follow-ups. On Ken's question, I like the question about
what you do on your brand building. But specifically for me, the twist is your promotional activity. Given
that there's so many out-of-stocks and there's these runs on the grocery stores, would it be almost a
requirement that you dial down promotional activity? I think Ken was focused on advertising, but I want

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2020

to look at the promotions because why would you want to encourage even more product movement if you
put big discounts on cereal per se? So wouldn't it be logical to reduce promotional activity because you
know the product is going to move in the fourth quarter? And then just one quick question on Pet. Is there
any concern here that lower economic activity negatively impacts premium Pet sales?

Jonathon J. Nudi
Group President of North America Retail

David, this is Jon. I'll take the first question. In terms of promotional activity, what I would say is we're
in very close communication with all of our retail partners. And again it's a very dynamic time. So a lot
of those discussions right now are about servicing the business and really the day-to-day. At the same
time, we are talking about promotional calendars, and I think each retailer is starting to think that through
both short-term and long term. At some of our retail customers, we have pulled back merchandising in
April jointly, and others we're just beginning that conversation. So again ultimately it's a partnership.
We're working hand-in-hand. The communication with retailers right now is the best I've ever seen it in
terms of partnership. We're all trying to do the same thing, and it's feed our consumers. So that will be
a conversation, I think, that will continue. And again we're starting to pull back a bit in April. I think that
conversation, again, will continue as we move forward.

Jeffrey L. Harmening
Chairman & CEO

And then with regard to Pet, David. Look, during the last recession, we didn't see a pullback on Pet food.
And as we look at Blue Buffalo, when we bought it, one of the things we liked about it was that demand
for pet food seems to be pretty inelastic. And what we've seen so far in the fourth quarter is not to the
same degree as what we've seen in North America Retail. But people love their pets and they want to
make sure they take care of their pets. And so we feel like our retail takeaway for Pet in the fourth quarter
is going to be robust. Now remember we have comps to go against. We built a lot of inventory due to a
launch last year and the 53rd -- an extra month. So there's a lot going on. But I would say demand for pet
food, we continue to see very strong. And to the extent that the U.S. has some economic hardships as a
result of this virus, we would anticipate the Pet food category would still be a robust category.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein Company.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

So can I ask about -- it may be too early to tell, but are you seeing any sort of channel shift into the e-
commerce channel as a result of COVID-19? And if you're not seeing that yet, you're anticipating that,
that could happen, and how are you gearing up to that?

Jeffrey L. Harmening
Chairman & CEO

So again, what we saw in -- I'm assuming you're talking about the U.S., but I'll actually start with China.
What we did see in China was a pretty significant shift to the e-commerce channel. And we were well
prepared for that. And we serviced our customers both in-store and online, but we did see, as you can
well imagine, an increase in the e-commerce channel. And I'll let Jon Nudi talk about what we've seen and
what we expect in the U.S.

Jonathon J. Nudi
Group President of North America Retail

Yes. So I would say, Alexia, we've seen broad-based demand across all channels. Certainly, e-commerce
is spiking. Big-picture, it's still a relatively small channel in the U.S. So even though we're seeing more
demand there, it's something we can clearly service, and we're working with those customers to make
sure they have the product that they need. But again, as this thing has progressed over the last couple

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2020

of weeks, I think you saw certain channels strengthen first. And as of the last week or so, I'd say we see
broad-based demand across all channels in the U.S.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Okay. And then as a quick follow-up. Are you able to quantify how much your marketing spending was up
this time around? And what you anticipate for the fourth quarter?

Kofi A. Bruce
Chief Financial Officer

Sure, Alexia. This is Kofi. So in the third quarter, we were up in the high teens percent and in line with
what we sort of telegraphed at the end of our Q2 earnings release. I would expect our fourth quarter will
look similar to slightly up in relation to the third quarter.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI.

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I think you mentioned that orders and perhaps the [ scanner data ] will show something many times
greater than the first week of March in terms of takeaway. The question I would have first is one of
leverage on sales. What sort of rules of thumb would you have for us in terms of the cash flow and
earnings contribution from these big increments of sales growth, 5, 10 points? We can think of great flow-
through from great capacity utilization, but we can also consider some elements of higher expenses as the
big rush happens. And obviously there's going to be supply chain strains with availability of people. And
then I have a quick follow-up.

Kofi A. Bruce
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I think we would expect on balance to get some additional leverage out of the volume moving
through our plants, which are obviously running close to capacity. And then I'll let you direct your follow-
up.

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Yes. And then as far as take-home, the at-home meals are something like 80% of American consumption
anyway. So the pain and suffering we're seeing in restaurants, which is very substantial, their proportion
of pain is not as much as the at-home gain once we get past this big stocking up period both at the at-
home level and the supermarket level. So the question is one of, how do we think we're going to be
looking at in terms of consumption increase over the course of this calendar 2020, how should we be
thinking about that benefit and the lapse for the typical food company? Is it something like a single-digit
type of number? I mean any sort of rules of thumbs about how you're thinking about this and modeling
this as we look across the calendar '20 landscape?

Jeffrey L. Harmening
Chairman & CEO

Well, listen, as you well know, I hate to dodge your question, but this one I'm just going to -- I'm going
to have to take a pass on because we are trying to model our current situation. I'm not really sure what
model we would use, to be honest with you. What we do believe is that over the next couple of months,
I mean you talked about calendar 2020, I would say over the next couple of months, it's very clear to us
that restaurant traffic will be down. It's very clear to us that schools and university feedings will be down.
And that consumption is going to shift to at-home. And so those are the trends. We don't have a lot more
insight than you do in terms of the data but those trends are clear to us and that at-home food is going

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2020

to be higher. And so I'm not trying to dodge it just to be cute. Look, it's just evolving so quickly. And what
we don't know is the depth and we don't know the duration. And a couple months in, maybe we can give
you a better view of what's going to happen. For right now, to be honest, our primary focus is keeping
our employees safe and making sure that we can deliver all the food that our consumers and retailers are
demanding of us. And so far, we've done a really good job on both accounts.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Steve Strycula with UBS.

Steven A. Strycula
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So Jeff, quick clarification. If we were to take the midpoint of your guidance for fiscal '20, what does that
imply in terms of, qualitatively speaking, for the North American business for the balance of the year?
Does that mean that basically, the month of March, we see a big bump? And then what would that mean
to get to the upper end of your range for your guidance? Would that imply that this endures into April and
May? So that would be the first part of my question.

Jeffrey L. Harmening
Chairman & CEO

So let me give you a broad strike. And I kind of reiterate a little bit of what Kofi said. And that, for us
to the high end of our guidance, it would assume that we would see elevated levels of demand for the
remainder of the quarter in our at-home food consumption and that we'd see a drop in our consumption
in C&F. And that at-home demand would be both here in the U.S. as well as Canada and Europe. The
midpoint would assume that we've seen the strong demand to date but that demand would tail off either
because consumers are stocked up or retailers are stocked up or the virus is under control in a relatively
short period of time. So that would be the midpoint of our estimate.

Steven A. Strycula
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay, very helpful. And for Kofi, as we think through the puts and takes of what Dave Palmer was asking
about, the shift to food-at-home from food away-from-home. If we net that together, would we expect
a net sales gain? And more importantly, from an EBIT contribution, would there be some stranded costs
from factories potentially not being utilized? Or does the margin mix fully kind of offset that? Not sure if
they go over the same supply chain or not?

Kofi A. Bruce
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Well, certainly in North America it's a co-mingled supply chain. So I think net-net we would expect
the balance of our at-home business increase to more than offset any of the -- any potential drag. So
I would just reiterate, our plant -- we expect our plants to be fully -- close to fully utilized during this
period.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler.

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

You have a new Chief Digital and Technology Officer, and just would love if you could give maybe a little
sense of how we might expect changes there? How some of the ways are you're using data and digital?
And what kind of push might be coming that a new hire could help drive.

Jeffrey L. Harmening
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2020

So we're really pleased to have Jaime Montemayor on board as our new Chief Digital and Technology
Officer. He's had a heck of the first few weeks as everybody in the world starts working from home and
we keep our systems going. Jaime is going to be terrific. And he'll continue the work that we've already
started. And I think, for me, whatever you do on the digital technology front needs to follow your business
strategy and what you're doing from a business standpoint. And to the extent, we're doing strategic
revenue management and we're doing more specific marketing and scale. So through things like Boxtops
for Education or our websites or through e-commerce. I think on the revenue generation front, what you
will see is the enablement technology enabling us to do things we wouldn't have been able to do before,
and better ways than we were able to do before.

And then correspondingly, on the cost side, because I think they'll benefit -- there'll be benefits eventually
on the cost side, things like global procurement. We have been doing that. We've seen tremendous
savings from that and actually been able to generate the same kind of HMM with lower capital by taking
our sourcing globally. That capability will only be enhanced by the use of technology and the intelligence
that affords in order for you to do that more effectively. So the way we're thinking about it is that, we're
going to do the activities that we've done before but with the use of technology we will be able to do it in a
way that's more efficient and more effective than we've done it before. And so it's not -- we're not chasing
technology for its own sake but using it to build on business strategies we already have in place.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies.

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Just a question on near-term demand relative to manufacturing capacity. From what we've heard
obviously through all the media outlets, kind of what I'm hearing today is food supply chain remains
strong, which I believe it does. But just kind of given that the near-term demand is substantially higher
than for at-home right now relative to basically any time in history, how do you think about meeting that
demand in the next month or 2 as, let's say, some inventories roll out? So really just kind of gaining some
perspective on just the food chain in general and specific to General Mills just vis-à-vis demand?

Jonathon J. Nudi
Group President of North America Retail

This is Jon Nudi. So let me take a crack at that for how we're thinking about it in North America. I would
say, first of all, again, it's about -- our first priority is the safety of our employees and food safety, and
we're very focused on that. Our plants are running very well right now, again near capacity and actually
running ahead of the throughputs that we had planned over the last couple of weeks, which is terrific.
We have a control tower in place across North America that's actually looking at all of our businesses.
So balancing our North America Retail businesses, our Convenience & Foodservice and Pet as well. And
that control tower is a live group of people and systems that are working 24/7 and really balancing where
we're seeing demand, what lines are running and what products are running. The other thing I would tell
you is that we're working very, very closely with our retail partners, and the partnership has been terrific.
So we're talking about how we can simplify the supply chain. In some cases, that might mean running
fewer SKUs, running the big SKUs of soup and not running some of the tail brands and there's significant
time required to change lines. Talking about shipping full pallet quantities as opposed to mix layers on
pallets to customers. And then making trade-offs around DSD, Direct Store Deliveries, for our retailers,
that's actually a very good thing. For us, it gets to be a bit more challenging as it takes throughput out
of our system. So we're having live conversations. I mentioned earlier, I've had conversations with top
retail senior execs that are big customers and the partnership is really good. So as of today, again, it's
something that we're looking at on an hourly basis. We continue to stay tight with our retail partners. And
we believe that we'll be able to serve our consumers for the short and long term.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2020

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So Kofi, just a question on, I guess, on just the commodity cost basket. I think in the quarter you
indicated it came in maybe a little bit favorably. I know obviously oil has moved a lot. But maybe if you
could just give us a perspective right now in terms of kind of what key variables are that are moving? It
looks like packaging and commodities. And not necessarily looking for guidance for next year but just kind
of how that cost basket is evolving now and how we can maybe think about it going forward?

Kofi A. Bruce
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I think, Bryan, great question. I would just start by reminding you we're probably about 90% plus
hedged at this point. So we have a pretty fixed structures through the balance of the year. I think that
said, I think I would just refer you back to my earlier comments, I would expect our inflation to round up
to 4%. So it is slightly favorable to our expectations at the start of the year based on sort of the trend line
and what we're realizing in our cost base.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Just 2 questions for you, if I could. I'm just curious how -- if you looked at your non-foodservice
businesses in Asia, how they performed in the quarter, you mentioned Wanchai Ferry being up double
digits. Has that informed your modeling for the U.S. business in the fourth quarter? And then I had a
second question, which is that, did you start to see inventories build in the third quarter -- late in the third
quarter in anticipation of the stock-up activity, this pantry loading? Did that affect North American Retail
reported sales in the quarter?

Jeffrey L. Harmening
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So on the first question, as what we've seen in Asia doesn't inform how we think about this now. I
mean I think it informs how we think about what we're going to see, but I don't know there's going to be
a one-to-one correlation between what we saw in China. I mean every market is a little bit unique in how
they transfer food and food habits and so forth. But certainly it informs our view and tells us that away-
from-home consumption is certainly going to increase, we believe, over the short term based on what
we've seen there. So it has informed our view on that. In terms of retail inventories, no, we did not stock
up retail inventories before the end of the third quarter in anticipation of what was going to happen in the
U.S. We didn't take them down either. We were kind of running normal inventory levels. And the change of
pace on consumer habits and the spread of the virus has been the likes of which we have never seen. And
so we're reacting real-time and reacting very well. But no, we did not come into the quarter with elevated
levels of inventory in the U.S. or frankly anywhere.

Jeff Siemon
Vice President of Investor Relations

And Chris, this is Jeff Siemon. I'd just remind everyone that's listening, our quarter ended on February
23. And so while that is only 3 weeks ago, which is hard to believe, there really wasn't anything in the
U.S. that was happening at that time. It's really all happened subsequent to the end of the fourth -- third
quarter, excuse me.

I think maybe we have time to just sneak in one more.

Operator

Our last question comes from the line of Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2020

Faiza Alwy
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes. So I wanted to ask about just outside of stocking up and sort of lapping that stocking up, I guess how
do you think about packaged food and specifically your categories and your brands and how those might
perform in a potential recession, whether or not it's prolonged? I don't know if you've had time to think
through it? Or if you've been -- if you sort of run models planning for it? But I'd just love your initial take
on how we should think about a recessionary scenario and how your categories and brands might perform
in that scenario.

Jeffrey L. Harmening
Chairman & CEO

Well, so this is Jeff. I would say first is that the honest truth is over the past month we've been focused
on the near-term and delivering what we need to for delivering for the near-term and executing really
well. And it's not like we haven't had any thoughts on the future. But frankly, to get to the future, we
need to execute on the now. So we have been wildly focused on that. I would say that for the relatively
current period, and Jon Nudi, I think, mentioned it, but our brands are actually well positioned in that --
are 1 or 2 in our categories. And as people look for things they know in times like these, our brands tend
to do fairly well because it offers comfort because it's brands that they know and they trust. And to the
extent that retailers are cutting down on the number of SKUs they have in the short-term in order to make
sure they sell through as much product as possible, it's really helpful to have the top turning brands in
the categories, which we do. So in the short-term, we feel like we're in a good position to both serve our
consumers and serve the customers that are eventually going to serve the consumers. In the long-term,
look, it's been so long since we had a recession and especially here in the U.S., but certainly during that
time people tend to eat in more, and General Mills did quite well. But that was a decade ago. We'll see
how it plays out this time.

Jeff Siemon
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. I think that's all the time we have. So we'll go ahead and wrap up the call for this morning. Thanks,
everyone, for your time and attention. We appreciate you being with us this morning. Really hope that
everyone stays safe and healthy.

If any of you have follow-up questions, please, I'll be around all day. So don't hesitate to reach out.
Thanks, again.

Operator
That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation, and ask that you
please disconnect your line.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

GENERAL MILLS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 18, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

