General Motors Company NYSE:GM
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, May 05, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.05

2.25

114.29

1.11

5.27

6.37

Revenue  (mm)

32933.06

32474.00

-

33063.29

138630.26

148335.24

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-24-2021 12:00 AM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

CONSENSUS

(1.78)

1.43

1.64

1.05

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

ACTUAL

(0.50)

2.83

1.93

2.25

SURPRISE

NM

97.90 %

17.68 %

114.29 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Mary T. Barra
Chairman & CEO

Paul A. Jacobson
Executive VP & CFO

Rocky Gupta
VP & Treasurer

ANALYSTS

Adam Michael Jonas
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Emmanuel Rosner
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Itay Michaeli
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

John Joseph Murphy
BofA Securities, Research Division

Joseph Robert Spak
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Rod Avraham Lache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Ryan J. Brinkman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the General Motors Company First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, Wednesday, May 5, 2021.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Rocky Gupta, Treasurer and Vice President of Investor
Relations.

Rocky Gupta
VP & Treasurer

Thanks, Tabitha. Good morning, and thank you for joining us as we review GM's financial results for the
first quarter of 2021. Our conference call materials were issued this morning and are available on the GM
Investor Relations website. As usual, we are also broadcasting this call via webcast.

I'm joined here today by GM Chairman and CEO, Mary Barra; GM CFO, Paul Jacobson; and GM Financial
President, Dan Berce. Before we begin, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking
statements on the first page of the chart set. The content of our call will be governed by this language.

I will now turn the call over to Mary Barra.

Mary T. Barra
Chairman & CEO

Good morning, and thanks for joining our first quarter earnings call. Our start to this year was very
strong with a record Q1 performance that was driven largely by robust product demand in the U.S. as
well as an outstanding quarter for GM Financial. We remain confident that we will achieve our full year
guidance. We are on a path to transform our company on the time line we have shared with you, and we
are demonstrating our ability to accelerate our plan.

Before I discuss the progress we've made on our transformation and growth strategy, I'll provide some
highlights about our performance. I'm very pleased with the strength of our global business, which
contributed to EBIT-adjusted of $4.4 billion and an EPS diluted adjusted of $2.25. The strong quarter was
a full team effort, with people working in our plants all the way to our dealers.

Global purchasing and supply chain, engineering and manufacturing have been especially nimble and
opportunistic as we managed through the semiconductor shortage. For example, our engineers are
creating effective solutions using chips that are more readily available or by identifying alternatives that
can serve semiconductors where possible. Their work helped us maximize production of our highest
demand and capacity-constrained vehicles, reducing downtime and further demonstrating our team's
agility.

While we have production downtime in the second quarter, we expect to have a strong first half with EBIT
adjusted around $5.5 billion-ish. We are also reaffirming our guidance for the full year. And based on
what we know today, we see the results coming in at the higher end of the $10 billion to $11 billion EBIT-
adjusted range that we shared earlier this year.

We remain committed to fund $7 billion in EV and AV investment that includes capital and engineering
this year and accelerating 12 EV programs as we first announced last November. Paul will discuss our Q1
numbers and outlook in more detail in a few minutes.

Looking ahead, I think there are many reasons why we are confident. For starters, we have great product
momentum. Despite tight inventories, we maintain a clear lead in the full-size SUV market in the U.S. and
our full-size pickups are in high demand. In China, our sales are rebounding sharply with the economy,
and Cadillac achieved a record first quarter, led by its SUV lineup of XT4, XT5 and XT6.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

In addition, we are executing one of the fastest production launches in our history. Last November, we said
we would return full-size production -- pickup production to Oshawa Assembly in Canada in early 2022.
Because of the team's speed, we are pulling the start of retail production ahead into the fourth quarter
of this year. The new time line and incremental volume will begin to have a meaningful impact next year
as we ramp up production. But I'm sharing it with you now as another example of how we are working
urgently to achieve key milestones.

Let's turn now to our growth strategy, starting with a battery update. We intend to lead on all aspects
of battery development and cost reduction, and we are moving quickly on every front. Our vertical
integration approach to battery technology, which includes building our own cells, will help us scale quickly
and efficiently to deploy new innovative chemistries that boost energy density and reduce cost over time.

Ultium batteries are unique in the industry because of their large-format pouch-style cells that can be
stacked vertically or horizontally inside the battery pack. This allows engineers to optimize battery energy
storage and layout for each vehicle design. Depending on the vehicle, Ultium enables a GM-estimated
range of up to 450 miles or more on a full charge, with 0 to 60 miles per hour acceleration in 3 seconds.
As we previously said, we realized -- we will realize a 40% battery cost reduction with our first-generation
Ultium platform compared with today's Chevrolet Bolt EV.

And we're already on the road to delivering a 60% cost reduction compared to the Bolt EV, with the next
generation of Ultium, and we expect costs will continue to decrease from there.

Currently, our next-gen lithium metal prototypes have completed about 150,000 simulated test miles,
and we expect them to have nearly double the energy density of our current EV batteries. The team has
already secured 49 patents for GM's lithium metal battery development, with another 45 pending.

Our own work, along with the intellectual property from SolidEnergy Systems will form the basis of our
recent joint development agreement with SES, one of the companies we're working with to commercialize
lithium metal batteries. We are targeting production of our next-gen Ultium battery by mid-decade, and
we're also expanding our battery cell manufacturing footprint to control our cost and cell supply.

Last month, Ultium Cells LLC, our joint venture with LG Energy Solution, announced its second high-
volume battery cell plant in the United States, and construction begins immediately on the site adjacent to
our Spring Hill Assembly Plant in Tennessee. The new facility will create about 1,300 new manufacturing
jobs when it comes online in late 2023. It will join the Ultium Cell LLC facility in Lordstown that is opening
next year.

And this is just the beginning, and we'll continue to expand our battery cell capacity on our way to
achieving our goal of EV market share leadership in North America.

Let's turn now to our Ultium-powered products. During the quarter, we unveiled the second new HUMMER
EV, the 2024 GMC HUMMER EV SUV, which launches in 2023 and and will be built at Factory ZERO and
Detroit-Hamtramck. It will be available loaded with new GM-developed software-driven technologies,
including CrabWalk, Extract Mode and many more features that are either industry-leading or segment
differentiators.

The Cadillac team unveiled the stunning LYRIQ production model, which we accelerated by 9 months. And
as we've previously said, we have cut the development time of most of our EVs in half because of our use
of virtual engineering and other software tools. Cadillac will take reservations beginning in September,
with initial availability in the first half of 2022.

We were also excited to confirm that Chevrolet will introduce a Silverado full-size electric pickup truck for
retail and fleet buyers with a GM estimated 400 miles of range on a full charge for certain configurations.
The initial interest has been overwhelming, especially from commercial and government customers. We
gave a small number of them a sneak peak at the interior and exterior design. They said it exceeded their
high expectations, with zero emissions, long range, pickup capability, innovative storage and strong value,
along with a powerful design. What's especially important is that this truck will be in a high-volume entry
in one of the most popular and competitive segments in the industry.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

In addition to Ultium propulsion, Super Cruise is a feature that connects all of these vehicles, and an
increasing number of vehicles we're selling today. Since its debut in 2017, Super Cruise has twice been
ranked as the best driver assistance technology in the industry by a leading third-party consumer group.
Super Cruise is enhancing our reputation, elevating our brands and laying the foundation to generate
substantial future subscription revenue for us as we move forward.

To creatively illustrate how fun and liberating Super Cruise can be, Cadillac recently wrapped up its It's
Time to Let Go campaign. It captured celebrities as they drove the 2021 Cadillac Escalade with Super
Cruise and its new lane change capability. It was really fun to watch the reactions and how people quickly
shifted from being cautiously curious to just pure excitement. We'll roll out Super Cruise to 22 models by
the end of 2023, and we plan to add even more features. Our ultimate vision is that this system enables
hands-free transportation in 95% of driving scenario.

What makes our large-scale deployment of Super Cruise and all of its new features possible is our Vehicle
Intelligence Platform, or VIP, which connects every vehicle system into one advanced high-speed and very
secure network. VIP's 4.5 terabytes of data processing power per hour represents a fivefold increase from
our previous electrical architecture. That's enough capacity to manage all of the data loads of our self-
driving technology, driver assistance systems, electric propulsion, over-the-air updates of every vehicle
module, plus capacity to manage future applications.

It's also an enabler for Software-as-a-Service, including new apps and capabilities that we can market to
our customers, such as the latest must-have trailering and parking apps. By the end of '23, VIP will be on
7 million vehicles and 38 global models.

Another major element of our growth strategy is our BrightDrop commercial delivery business, and it is
progressing and on track. In March, our product and manufacturing teams reached an important milestone
as they conducted EV600 prototype builds. Plans to build the BrightDrop EV600 at Cadillac -- excuse me,
at GM Canada's CAMI Assembly in Ingersoll, are progressing rapidly. The BrightDrop team remains on
track to reach its goal of delivering EV600s to its first customer, FedEx Express, by Q4 of this year.

Interest is high and we continue to have active discussions with many prospective new customers who are
seeking the efficient and zero-emission delivery solutions that BrightDrop offers. And this is encouraging
as third parties estimate that the addressable market for eLCVs could be $30 billion by 2025 and double
that in 2030.

As our EV volumes grow, we are also investing in relationships to build a robust, reliable and easy-to-
use public charging infrastructure. Last week, we revealed Ultium Charge 360, an innovative and holistic
approach that integrates charging networks, GM vehicle mobile apps and other products and services to
simplify the charging experience for GM EV owners. It builds on our existing work and partnerships to
support a charging ecosystem that will give GM EV owners more confidence and convenience.

We have signed agreements with 7 major charging networks, giving customers a more seamless access
to nearly 60,000 plugs across the U.S. and China. As part of our existing collaboration with EVgo, we've
opened the first 3 fast-charging stations in California, Florida and Washington, on our way to 2,700 plugs
by the end of 2025. And we expect about 500 fast-charging stalls to go live by the end of this year.

We'll continue to provide updates about Ultium Charge 360, including new elements and collaborations.

The last major EV development I want to share follows up on our joint announcement last year with Honda
that we will co-develop 2 Ultium-based EVs for Honda to be built in North America by the GM team. Honda
recently confirmed these vehicles, a large SUV for the Honda brand and one for the Acura brand, and will
launch in North America market for the 2024 model year. This further validates our Ultium technology, and
we continue to work closely with Honda to expand our partnership and cooperation in key areas such as
purchasing, research and development and connected services.

Turning to AVs. Cruise continues to establish itself as a leading force in commercializing self-driving vehicle
technology. In the latest funding round that closed after raising $2.75 billion, it included investments
from Microsoft and Walmart, and this brings the valuation of Cruise to more than $30 billion, with GM
continuing to own a majority stake.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Cruise is moving steadily closer to commercialization. It's real-world driverless vehicle testing in San
Francisco and its last-mile delivery pilot with Walmart in Scottsdale, Arizona will help pave the way for
new commitments like the one Cruise just signed with the city of Dubai. Cruise will be the city's exclusive
provider of self-driving taxis and ride-hailing services, with plans to deploy up to 4,000 self-driving
vehicles by 2030. Dubai chose Cruise over several competitors, so it's another great validation of Cruise's
technology and our overall approach to autonomous vehicles.

Before I turn the call over to Paul, I want to quickly update you on our coronavirus measures. We remain
diligent and disciplined with our safety protocols to keep employees safe as variants in new hotspots
emerge. The GM medical team continues to monitor new COVID-19 cases globally, and our vaccine task
force teams are working to understand vaccine administration priorities for each country and determine
how we can best assist our employees, including operating vaccine clinics in several of our U.S. facilities.

All the work GM medical has done behind the scenes was crucial as we restarted production last spring.
And their work has helped the rest of the team stay focused on driving our business today and driving our
growth strategy. I also want to recognize the entire GM team for its hard work, flexibility and resilience.
In addition to our suppliers and our dealers who are helping us manage the semiconductor issues, we are
also working to serve our customers and leveraging everything we can do to turn inventory quickly.

Everyone has been remarkably dedicated, and it shows in our results, and we appreciate everyone's hard
work. This is just the beginning for the next generation of General Motors. We are well on track with
our plans to transform our company and lead the industry into the future, and we are pleased with the
significant progress we have made on all fronts during the quarter.

We look forward to building on the strong momentum and providing a more comprehensive update on our
growth initiatives and progress later in the year. We plan to have an investor event in the Detroit area and
will announce a date later in the summer because we would like this event to be face-to-face. We'll use
this event to go deeper into our growth strategy and financial opportunities and everything that drives
them, including software, hardware and services, along with our strong brands.

So with that, I'll turn it over to Paul to provide more details on our financial performance and our full year
guidance.

Paul A. Jacobson
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Mary, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the time to join us this morning. This
has been a very exciting first full quarter for me at GM. I see so much opportunity here for us to use our
world-class capabilities in manufacturing, engineering and customer loyalty to really leverage these with
our scale to achieve our growth initiatives.

First, to set the stage before I get into the details, we had a great quarter, a first quarter record, in fact,
despite the volatile backdrop. Our strong Q1 performance continues to highlight the resiliency of our
business as well as our ability to take decisive actions to adapt to the fluid supply chain environment. In
Q1, for example, we were able to build and wholesale more vehicles than forecasted and defer anticipated
plant downtime. This strong operational execution, combined with the additional actions on price and
expense reductions enabled us to deliver stronger-than-expected results for the quarter.

We're collaborating across the global supply chain and working tirelessly to route available parts to the
appropriate plants in order to maximize plant efficiency. We've been focused on leveraging every available
semiconductor to build and ship our most popular and in-demand products, including our highly profitable
full-size pickups and full-size SUVs. I'm very proud of the team for everything they've accomplished in the
first quarter and what they're continuing to do, including strong pricing for every vehicle that we're able to
produce, prioritizing production of higher-demand vehicles, continuing to be very controlled on costs and
being agile across the board.

As Mary mentioned, the full year 2021 guidance we outlined last quarter and reiterated a couple of times
remains intact, and we expect to be at the higher end of our EBIT-adjusted range. We expect Q2 to
reflect the largest impact of the production disruptions, resulting from supply shortages. The retiming of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

vehicles we produce without certain modules and plant downtime in the second quarter is expected to be
significantly higher than Q1, resulting in lower EBIT-adjusted quarter-over-quarter.

Our current view is that our first half EBIT adjusted will be around $5.5 billion. Recognizing the situation
remains fluid, we're cautiously optimistic that our second half will be similar to or better than the first
half. Importantly, our commitment to the acceleration of our EV product programs has not changed. Our
important upcoming launches, including our GMC HUMMER EV Super Truck and Cadillac LYRIQ are on
track. And the construction in Lordstown, Factory ZERO, Spring Hill and CAMI is progressing on schedule.
We are still planning to invest $9 billion to $10 billion of CapEx in 2021.

Finally, our earnings power and cash generation potential remains robust. In a more normalized
environment, we expect that certain headwinds we're facing today will dissipate, but the strength of
the underlying business powered by exceptional demand for our brands will remain. We expect that our
normalized EBIT-adjusted performance will be strong as we continue producing and selling our in-demand
and highly profitable full-size trucks and SUVs, while continuing to launch new and exciting products and
services that position GM to win in the future of mobility.

So let's get into the strong results of the quarter in more detail. In Q1, we generated $32.5 billion in net
revenue, $4.4 billion in EBIT adjusted, 13.6% EBIT-adjusted margin and $2.25 in EPS diluted adjusted,
and minus $1.9 billion in adjusted automotive free cash flow. We exceeded expectations by driving strong
price and mix performance in North America through our production prioritization actions and our go-to-
market strategy.

Additionally, high used vehicle prices due to low new vehicle inventories in part drove record results at
GM Financial. Our adjusted automotive free cash flow of minus $1.9 billion was lower $1 billion year-over-
year, primarily driven by the working capital impact from plant downtime and inventory carrying value of
approximately $1.2 billion associated with vehicles built without certain modules due to the shortage of
chips, which will reverse when those vehicles are completed, partially offset by strong EBIT performance.
We ended Q1 with a strong automotive cash balance of $19 billion and total automotive liquidity of more
than $37 billion.

So let's take a closer look at North America. In Q1, North America delivered EBIT adjusted of $3.1 billion,
up $900 million year-over-year and a 12.1% EBIT-adjusted margin, driven by continued strong pricing on
our full-size pickups and performance from the launch of our new -- all-new full-size SUVs. Our average
transaction prices were up 9% year-over-year for the quarter, with full-size trucks up 10% and full-size
SUVs up over 20%, helping to overcome headwinds from commodity inflation and lower volumes.

These results speak to the strength of the consumer and the strong brand equity we have in our products,
which we plan to leverage as we roll out our EV portfolio. On the cost side, we continue to leverage
efficiencies executed during COVID, including opportunities related to third-party services, travel and all
discretionary spend. Teams across the organization have also gone above and beyond to meet strong and
rising demand where they can.

To drive strong sales with lower inventory, GM has introduced a new proprietary software application that
helps dealers track vehicles from when they're completed at the plant to when they're released at their
final destination. With many of our full-size trucks and SUVs being sold prior to arriving at the dealer
or within days of hitting the lot, this software called VINVIEW allows dealers to both track vehicles and
provide an informed estimated delivery time, enhancing the customer's arrival confidence and experience.

Additionally, we also have a software application called focused ordering that includes a dashboard, which
combines vehicle trim options with market data to help dealers ensure they're ordering the most in-
demand products to meet customer preferences. This has been a huge help in our prioritization efforts.
For example, of all the 2021 light-duty crew cab sales in the first quarter, about 60% were based on this
focused ordering dashboard. And these models are turning 5.5 days faster than non-focused orders.

In addition to these near-term benefits, we expect this technology to drive long-term cost efficiencies and
lower inventories within the dealer network. And we still have a lot of excitement ahead of us this year
as we complete renovation of Factory ZERO to launch the GMC HUMMER EV Super Truck this fall. Factory

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

ZERO will also build the GMC HUMMER EV SUV and the Chevy Silverado full-size electric pickup, which is
the first of many high-volume EV entries to come. And it will be the home of the Cruise Origin, a purpose-
built all-electric and shared self-driving vehicle.

And also, as Mary announced, our second battery plant recently in the last 18 months, which is a great
indicator of our acceleration. Combined, these plants will have a capacity of over 70-gigawatt hours of
production, and there are more being planned. We'll make additional cell capacity announcements as we
progress in our product rollout.

Let's move to GM International. We continue to be encouraged by our progress in GMI, with first quarter
EBIT adjusted of $300 million, up $900 million year-over-year as we move past the initial effect of the
pandemic in China. We also experienced positive price and mix benefits, as well as benefits from our
structural cost actions across the segment. We delivered $300 million of equity income in China in Q1 due
to higher volumes, stabilization in pricing and continued cost actions.

EBIT-adjusted in GMI, excluding China, was up $400 million year-over-year, the second consecutive
profitable quarter, as the semiconductor and commodities impact in the quarter was more than offset by
the favorable pricing and mix. With continued semiconductor-driven plant downtime and low inventory
levels, we expect Q2 to be challenged, but these results underscore the improvements in the region.

A few comments on GM Financial, Cruise and our Corp segment. GM Financial has provided a significant
offset to some of the semiconductor headwinds. Strong used vehicle prices, combined with consumer
credit strength, helped to drive Q1 EBT adjusted of $1.2 billion, up $1 billion year-over-year. We received
$600 million in dividends from GM Financial in Q1, and we anticipate dividends in 2021 from GMF will
significantly exceed the 2020 dividend of $800 million, due in part to their expected upside in 2021.

Cruise costs in the quarter were $200 million. And as Mary mentioned, Cruise continues to make great
progress towards commercialization every day. Corp segment EBIT was $30 million in the quarter, a
better-than-historical quarterly run rate, primarily due to mark-to-market gains in the period.

Turning to our 2021 outlook for the calendar year. Last quarter, we outlined strong full year 2021 guidance
of EBIT adjusted in the $10 billion to $11 billion range, including an estimated net semiconductor impact
of $1.5 billion to $2 billion, which is calculated by taking loss contribution margin, offset by tactical efforts
through costs, go-to-market actions and earnings growth at GM Financial. EPS diluted adjusted in the
range of $4.50 to $5.25 and adjusted automotive free cash flow guidance in the $1 billion to $2 billion
range, including an estimated semiconductor impact of $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion.

Since we shared guidance with you in February, the business has faced additional pressures due to
semiconductor shortages as well as commodity inflation. Even though the gross impact of these headwinds
has increased, the net impact remains the same as the company has identified additional mitigation
initiatives, including pricing and mixed go-to-market strategies, growth at GM Financial, pull ahead of
Oshawa full-size pickup production and other cost efficiencies. And what we've been able to prove in the
fluid environment we're facing today is that we have the resiliency to flex to the challenges.

In spite of the volatility in semiconductor availability, we're confident in achieving our full year 2021
outlook, including EBIT adjusted at the higher end of $10 billion to $11 billion, with the expectation that
first half EBIT adjusted will be around $5.5 billion. We continue to expect EPS diluted adjusted of $4.50
and $5.25, and adjusted automotive free cash flow of $1 billion to $2 billion.

Our expectation is that Q2 will be the weakest quarter of the year as we increase plant downtime and
continue to build vehicles without modules, impacting Q2 EBIT adjusted and working capital as we hold
vehicles in inventory to wholesale later in the year once the semiconductors are received.

We're managing the shortage through select plant downtime in the second quarter, which may extend into
the second half. However, we plan on operating through the traditional U.S. summer shutdown in early
Q3 at select facilities. We do not believe this short-term semiconductor headwind will affect our long-term
earnings power and we remain committed to our growth initiatives in the EV acceleration we've previously
communicated.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

In the medium to long term, we are focused on working cooperatively with our supply base and the
semiconductor manufacturers to improve our line of sight on the full supply chain mapping and gain more
control over the chip itself. We're working to proactively implement risk mitigation strategies that will help
avoid future disruptions to the supply chain. And we've also learned a lot over the last year about our
and our dealers' ability to manage at lower inventory levels. We're taking these learnings to implement
dealer efficiency tools to optimize inventory levels, and we are creating sales tools to allow for more online
shopping and purchase options.

Finally, I want to reiterate our capital allocation priorities. I mentioned that the top priority for us is to
invest in both new and existing businesses, with more than half going to accelerate EV growth, as well as
continue a strong ICE portfolio that funds our journey while maintaining our investment-grade balance
sheet.

To summarize, we had a strong beginning to the year, highlighting the strength of our underlying business.
We have again demonstrated our strength, our flexibility, our laser focus on execution and our ability to
manage through a significant disruption while still generating strong results. There are still big challenges
ahead of us, but we have the team and expertise to navigate this while not losing sight of our vision. We
will continue investing in exciting new growth opportunities, including EVs, battery supply and technology
and software solutions that will drive growth and desirable differentiated products and services for our
customers.

Despite the challenging environment, we remain confident in our ability to deliver strong results in 2021,
and I couldn't be more proud of the GM family.
This concludes our opening comments, and we'll now move to the Q&A portion of the call.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Rod Lache with Wolfe Research.

Rod Avraham Lache
Wolfe Research, LLC

I want to probe the semiconductor issue a little bit with you. So you're maintaining the full year. I suspect
Q1 was better than you expected and that maybe this Renesas fires having a larger impact near term
than you anticipated. But maybe if you can help us a little bit with what's happening behind the scenes.
Number one, what's embedded in the implied Q2 earnings? Are all the earnings essentially coming from
China and maybe GMF, near term?

Number two, I assume that the full year $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion impact from semis that you talked
about has a very large gross negative volume impact and some very large offsets from pricing and
other things. Maybe if you can provide some color on the gross effects. And then lastly, what gives you
confidence in the recovery? Are you -- can you maybe share a little bit on what you're seeing happening
through the Tier 2 supply chain?

Mary T. Barra
Chairman & CEO

Rod, there's a lot in there. But I'd first start off by saying the team is working to get every chip we can
and to look at how do we leverage, maybe chips that we weren't planning to use and how do we leverage
them as well as simplifying some things. So it's really the ingenuity and creativity of the team that is
allowing us to build. Yes, the Renesas fire did have an impact, and the team goes to work and figures out
how to offset or minimize it, and that's what they're doing.

So I think there was a lot of great problem-solving that was done in the in Q1. We have said, we think Q2
will be the weakest, and then we see recovery coming in Q3 and Q4, and that's based on all the work the
team is doing, working with suppliers, et cetera. So there's no -- it's just, chip by chip, working the issues
to find solutions, and that's what the team is so good at doing.

But it remains very dynamic. So I think to look here today and try to quantify exactly what all the ins and
outs are going to be for the rest of the year, I think it would -- that'd be data that has a pretty short shelf
life. But I think what you can count on and what we see with all the work that's been done across the
whole supply chain and engineering team is that we have confidence that we're going to be able to hit our
guidance and that with everything we know today, we'll be at the top end.

Rod Avraham Lache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Could you at least maybe give us some color on the magnitude of the volume loss that you're currently
embedding in this full year forecast?

Paul A. Jacobson
Executive VP & CFO

Rod, it's Paul. Yes, I think the challenge with the volumes is that, as we said repeatedly, this is a really
fluid situation. I mean it quite literally changes day-to-day. So I think the commentary that we've given
that no doubt this situation has somewhat worsened in the short term since the first quarter, we're
constantly flexing. So some days, it gets a little better, some days it gets a little bit worse. And what we're
trying to do is just kind of reorient everybody around -- this semiconductor challenge was baked into our
full year expectations.

Certainly, the timing is somewhat fluid, and you see that. The fact that the first quarter has blown out
expectations in 2Q is under consensus. But if you actually look at the first half, when you add Q1 and Q2
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

together, it's actually exceeding where Street consensus was for the first half of the year. So I think we're
pleased with the way that we're managing through this, and we want to try to keep it to the big picture
because we can really get lost in the details on how fluid the situation is.

Rod Avraham Lache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Yes. Understood. And just lastly, very nice to see the international operation ex China approaching
breakeven, and I assume a lot of that is related to some of the things that you've talked about before in
South America, the actions you've been taking. What's the strategy, longer term, for that region? And do
you think that, that fits into the long-term zero emission future that you described?

Mary T. Barra
Chairman & CEO

So Rod, I am really proud of the GMI team ex China -- I'm proud of the China team as well. But that team
has really focused on those countries and the great progress they've been making. When we specifically
talk about South America, we have strong brands and a strong dealer network and leading products in the
market. And the team has continued to work on reducing costs and managing the business in a way that
has allowed us to achieve those results in Q4 and Q1. That region will be impacted by Q2, which we've
indicated, overall, will be weaker. But again, that's -- it's a temporary thing. And we're continuing to work
all aspects, because that region, we've got to get to earliest cost of capital, and that's the journey that
we're on and will continue.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Itay Michaeli with Citi.

Itay Michaeli
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Maybe just first, just for a couple of financial questions. Paul, any thought to where U.S. dealer inventory
could end the year? And with the new tools that you've implemented for ordering, any updated thoughts
on how you're thinking about running dealer inventory, let's say, over the next couple of years?

Paul A. Jacobson
Executive VP & CFO

Itay, yes, thanks for the question. I think -- I don't think anybody would say that dealer-inventory levels
are optimized right now. Just drive by some lots, and you see empty lots. It certainly means that we're
operating much, much lower than what I think we even think is optimal. But as we mentioned in the
comments, there's a lot of tools that we're learning how to operate at these lean levels that I think will
provide some long-term efficiencies.

And the dealer network has done really an amazing job of not only working with us, but also providing
an environment for the customer that where the vehicle may not be immediately available, they give
them reassurance to help drive that purchase transaction versus the customer being disappointed that the
vehicle that he or she wants -- doesn't want isn't there on the lot.

So that visibility, I think, undoubtedly, will help us over the long term. And we're taking those lessons and
we're figuring out how to make sure that we manage that as efficiently as we can. But we certainly came
into the year expecting to build inventories out of -- coming out of the COVID situation. That clearly is
challenged amid some of the production issues that we've seen with the semiconductor shortage. But we
certainly hope to build as we get into perhaps late 2021 into 2022 to start getting inventory levels at what
we think is a much safer value to have vehicles on the lots, where customers want to purchase them.

Itay Michaeli
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

That's so helpful. I appreciate that little detail, Paul. And then maybe just one strategic question, actually
on AV. Of the $27 billion of spend on EV and AV, can you maybe dimension how much of it is going
towards the AV side? And how much of that maybe is outside of Cruise? Kind of what I'm trying to get
at is sort of maybe if you can give us a bit of a sense of your vision for autonomy on the GM consumer
vehicles, whether Cruise may or may not play a role within that and kind of how you see that developing
over the next several years as part of the objective of the company.

Mary T. Barra
Chairman & CEO

Sure. Well, our focus at Cruise is to get -- create the technology that's safer than a human driver and
deploy in our first market from a commercialization perspective, and then we'll continue to expand that
into other cities. And really excited with the progress they're showing in San Francisco. Obviously, Dubai
is very significant as well. So you take that and I've always said, we have kind of a revolutionary and an
evolutionary strategy around driver assistance all the way to full level 4, level 5 autonomy. So you see
Cruise really focused on that full autonomy.

But Super Cruise, we continue to add more and more features. And we've said that we envision that to get
95% of being able to handle all solutions. Later in the decade, I believe, and there's a lot to still unfold,
but I believe we'll have personal autonomous vehicles, and then that will leverage the capability we have
at Cruise with the capability that we have at the car company to really be well positioned to delight the
customers from that perspective.

So both paths are very important because the technology we put on vehicles today, I think, makes them
safer and delights the customers, and it's going to give us an opportunity for subscription revenue. And
then the ultimate work that we're doing at Cruise, I think that is full autonomous, really opens up more
possibilities than I think we can outline today.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Emmanuel Rosner with Deutsche Bank.

Emmanuel Rosner
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

First, a financial question. So Paul, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about sequential factors of
profitability comparing first half to second half. So you're calling for similar levels of profitability of $5.5
billion each. But obviously, in the first half, you started off very strong in the first quarter and a lot of the
headwinds in the second quarter are somewhat unusual and unlikely to repeat. So there's obviously some
offset of raw materials and cost and pricing. But just could you sort of talk about these various factors?

Paul A. Jacobson
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Emmanuel, for that question. It's obviously a challenging environment to be able to be
thinking about longer term, even 6 months, 9 months ahead as we are navigating through this. So I think
what we see is, what I would say, cautious optimism. So while we talk about the second half of the year
being similar or potentially slightly better than the first half, there's some caution in that. So for example,
things like the used car vehicle prices that GM Financial is clearly benefiting from -- that's likely to stay
in place as long as new car inventories remain low. So that's an example of, I would say, a variable that's
sort of hedged directly against the challenges of the semiconductor.

But as more vehicles come online, and I think most industrial forecasts are that chip availability is going
to be better in the second half than it is in the first half, and I think we think that's true as well, that could
lead to pricing that maybe isn't as strong as it was in the first quarter. So I think we're trying to maintain
some caution and some rationality. The reality is we're -- we and others are right in the middle of this. I
think we're doing a really good job of managing through it, as evidenced by the first quarter and the fact
that the first half of the year is coming in above consensus estimates before we announced, that it's trying

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

to provide a mix of reassurance in the projections that we've given, as well as some cautious optimism
about what the future holds.

Emmanuel Rosner
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. And if I could just follow up quickly on this one. Are you able to dimension at all some of these more
discrete buckets? So for example, raw materials, how much larger a headwind could it be in the second
half versus the first half? And then I also noticed in your first quarter cost walk, you were talking about
higher engineering costs for EVs, in particular. How should we think about that over the rest of the year?

Paul A. Jacobson
Executive VP & CFO

Well, clearly, on the second part of that question first, you're going to continue to see engineering
expenses pivoting into EVs. And I think as we continue to lean in and accelerate some of those vehicle
programs, we are investing resources to be able to do that. As to the first part of your question, clearly,
commodity inflations had a massive impact, you just need to look at some of the indices to be able to see
that. But we're not really isolating that because we're taking all of the cost pressures that we've seen,
both from our initial expectations and what's constantly changing, and putting that all into the same
bucket.

So much the same way that the semiconductor issue is fluid in day-to-day, so are the commodity prices
going forward. So while we have a little bit of forward purchasing going on, obviously, in the supply chain,
there's some exposure out there, but there's also some potential goodness if prices normalize. So we're
trying to keep all of that very, very fluid as we manage it in the aggregate, both in terms of go-to-market
strategies as well as production prioritization.

Emmanuel Rosner
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Great. And then my second question on electric vehicles. So your Silverado electric vehicle was confirmed
officially in April. I think you said it will be your first high-volume EV towards several high-volume models
by 2023. I'm curious if you could dimension for us how much of a contribution will the Silverado be
towards your mid-decade goal of 1 million-plus units by 2025? Or maybe express definitely, what kind of
take rate do you expect on pickups for EV powertrain, I guess, in the relatively near to midterm?

Mary T. Barra
Chairman & CEO

Well, I think we see it as a huge opportunity. I mean we've gotten really strong response from commercial
and government owners as a lot of fleet customers are looking to have zero emission vehicles. And again,
we have incredible know-how in this company on how to do full-size trucks, and we're taking that into
an EV propelled vehicle, and that I think is going to give us a winning formula. I'm excited to share that
vehicle with everyone because it's just stunning.

So I think we're going to see strong demand there. It will, along with some other products, be an
important part of getting to our goal to have North America leadership. And I would say it's one of a few
or several getting into the high-volume segments that, obviously, we need to do, and GM is well positioned
to do building on the Ultium platform to achieve that leadership.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy with Bank of America.

John Joseph Murphy
BofA Securities, Research Division

Mary, so I just want to get back into this question of the inventory being too tight or light? And I mean,
you just put up a record quarter and you're telling us that the inventory is not optimal and is too light. I

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

mean, would you argue that record profits indicates that you're in an optimal inventory? I mean it's -- I
mean the industry has gone through this. I mean you've been coming from this for a few decades now,
where the inventory has been out of whack and too high. And now suddenly, it's supposed to be too tight,
we're seeing record profits put up.

I mean, is it really too tight? And what do you mean by like going back to something that's more normal?
I mean if you look at the last 3 quarters, I mean I think the inventory was 492,000 in the third quarter of
last year, and now you're at 335,000. So is it somewhere in that ZIP code? Because I mean you just put
up the best 3-quarter stretch I think GM has had in history with this inventory that's not optimal or too
tight. It just seems like you shouldn't change that much. What do you mean by growing the inventory?

Mary T. Barra
Chairman & CEO

So John, I think you're right that we'll never go back to that levels of inventories that we held post -- or
pre-pandemic because we've learned we can be much more efficient, getting the right models to the right
dealers, leveraging and not having as much on the lot. But there are still customers who want to walk into
a dealership and walk out or drive off the dealership with a brand-new vehicle. And we've got to be to
responsive to those customers as well. So I think it's going to end up being a little higher, especially when
you look at our dealer network. I've got them sending me pictures and they have virtually nothing on the
lot.

So there's an optimal level, significantly lower than it was in the past, but higher than it is now. I think
what you're seeing now, though, is the ingenuity of our dealers and the new tools we provided that give
them insight into what's coming, and they're selling deep, not only into the inventory, but deep into the
pipeline of vehicles that are on the way. So I credit the -- just how dedicated this team is of satisfying
every customer, but I think there's an optimal level that's a little higher than we have right now.

John Joseph Murphy
BofA Securities, Research Division

I just think you're being sort of too apologetic, and the ingenuity you're forcing on the whole chain is
actually driving a better outcome you've ever had before. It just seems like you're doing -- in some ways,
you're being forced -- the value chain is being force in doing the right thing and that ingenuity should
continue. And it sounds like you're keeping that up. But I mean I just think rebuilding the inventory too
much might be not exactly the right answer.

Mary T. Barra
Chairman & CEO

John, to be clear, we won't overbuild inventory, to be crystal clear, and we will keep the ingenuity, the
tools -- I mean, because it's better for everybody. It's better for the car company, it's better for the dealer.

John Joseph Murphy
BofA Securities, Research Division

Absolutely, yes. I mean it's just a much better outcome right now. Second question, Mary, you're talking
about 30 new EVs by 2025, globally, 2/3 of those will be in North America. So horseshoes and hand
grenades, by some guys' math, that's about 20%, maybe a little bit more. What ICE vehicles are still
going to be launched between now and 2025? I mean it seems like almost everything that would be
launched in North America between now and 2025 would be EVs, if you're saying that. Are there any ICE
vehicles that are notable that we should think about between now and then?

Mary T. Barra
Chairman & CEO

Well, John, you know I'm not going to give you the full product cadence between now and '25.

John Joseph Murphy
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

I'd love if you did.

Mary T. Barra
Chairman & CEO

I'm sure you will, along with everyone on the call. But there's some important products coming as we look
at making sure on our franchise products that we are leading from an industry perspective and continuing
to delight those customers. But what I will say is, I think what's important with the investments that we've
made over the last 5 to 7 years with new platforms from an ICE perspective, whether it's small, mid and
then full-size trucks, SUVs, we don't have to make huge investments in architectures. It's mainly making
sure those products are going to win in the marketplace from a customer-facing perspective. And that's
what we'll be focused on between now -- frankly, now and 2035 when our aspiration is to sell all EVs from
a light-duty perspective.

John Joseph Murphy
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then just lastly, Mary, on Slide 7, you went through Ultium, BrightDrop, Cruise,
charging infrastructure, a bunch of other stuff. There's nothing in there when you're talking about the
teams like fluff at all. It all seems very, very real. How do you keep track like the capital invested, the
returns and the profits on all these new growth initiatives? Because like I said, nothing seems like fluff. It
all seems very real. It's not just any PowerPoint stuff you guys are throwing up. How do you keep track of
that?

And then maybe sort of to follow on to that. When you think about Dubai and 4,000 Cruise Origins floating
around, I don't know if you can even sketch the economics for us of what that means. I mean I would
guess that's a few hundred million dollars of EBIT, that would be sticky and not volatile like the rest of --
or not a lot more -- less volatile than the rest of the company. But I mean, how are you keeping track all
this stuff? How are things measured? And then maybe some idea of what the Dubai economics look like.

Mary T. Barra
Chairman & CEO

Well, we have a really good CFO. So -- and I mean that in all seriousness, John, because you're right. And
you look at Page 7, you look at Page 6, but you look at everything in our deck, they are all real. And we
have a long-term plan and a short-term plan, and everyone has to earn its place to get -- whether it's
engineering, IT or capital allocated to it. So we have a very rigorous process. So rest assured that this is
not PowerPoint, these are real initiatives that are being executed on an accelerated fashion.

As it relates to Dubai, I mean, I think it highlights the fact that as we grow not only in Dubai, but in other
cities across the United States, across North America and across the world, we're uniquely positioned in
the AV space because we have the ability to produce those vehicles. I mean we're already tooling up the
Origin to be produced at Factory ZERO. So that's a huge opportunity for us. And to your point, that's going
to drive to the bottom line.

So I'm very excited about the future growth opportunities that we have with Cruise, with the production
of the vehicles we'll do for that. But then with all these additional -- whether they're going into other
markets, like we can leverage with Ultium, expanding in a market we don't really operate that much in
right now from a commercial vehicle perspective with EVs, with BrightDrop and beyond, with things like
OnStar Insurance and subscriptions for things like Super Cruise. So that's why I'm so confident of our
growth capabilities.

Paul A. Jacobson
Executive VP & CFO

And John, for the record, I agree with everything Mary said at this point on the CFO.

John Joseph Murphy
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

She's just saying that because you're there, Paul. I'm just kidding.

Paul A. Jacobson
Executive VP & CFO

Clearly.

John Joseph Murphy
BofA Securities, Research Division

The -- on Dubai -- I mean are there other cities that have like city envy here that Dubai is obviously a
great sort of crown jewel to come out there with this. I mean, Mary, do you have other cities engaging or
reaching out to -- because I mean it just seems like that's something that everybody -- New York and San
Fran and everybody is going to be like, hey, Dubai is doing it, we have to do it, too. I mean are there other
indications of interest that are popping up?

Mary T. Barra
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I'm not going to get specific, but there definitely is interest in other parts of the world, and I think
there's a lot of -- going to be a lot of opportunity in the United States alone.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Spak with RBC Capital Markets.

Joseph Robert Spak
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Paul, I fully appreciate -- and you said this -- timing is difficult, given everything going on in the industry.
But you did say the first quarter came in better. So I guess the implication is that very little of that semi
impact that you called out for the year happened in the first quarter. And then you've always called second
quarter worse, but it does seem like maybe it's a little bit worse than a few months ago. So at least that's
the impression I got.

And since you didn't give more clear color on implied second quarter, I think what would really help
investors here is if you could compare that second quarter production maybe versus expectations at the
beginning of the year. And then as we go forward for the rest of the year, you mentioned GMF is better, we
saw that in the guidance. But what -- and you mentioned pricing, but what are you, I guess, specifically
assuming? Or how are you thinking about modeling pricing to offset things like higher commodities?

Paul A. Jacobson
Executive VP & CFO

So thanks for that question, Joe. I think I have to go back to the fact that this is obviously a very dynamic
situation. I would say, in all honesty, that Q2 is probably worse than we expected. It was going to be a few
months ago. But that's due in part to some of the timing of how we map this out. So what I would say is
that we are carefully evaluating the short-term supply chain, the intermediate term supply chain and some
of the longer-term issues as well.

So depending on the confidence of where we see chips coming in and which chips, and our ability to
reallocate those and reprioritize those, we did see an opportunity to accelerate some production into
Q1 to take advantage of the market that we see right now, which is obviously very, very strong and the
confidence to be able to make up some of that volume in Q2. So that's why I think we need to be really
cautious as we're thinking about the full year. What gives us the confidence is the agility that the team has
displayed in being able to respond to this and how dynamic it really is.

So part of the reason we don't want to anchor in on production volumes and so on is just because that's
going to change. It's going to change next week. It's going to change the week after. Sometimes it's
better, sometimes it's worse. So it's really trying to operate in at this level of where we need to take go-to-
market strategies, where we need to prioritize mix, where we need to accelerate or potentially shut down

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

a plant in anticipation of some challenges that are coming up over the short to medium term. Then that's
kind of what we're doing. You saw that going into plant downtime in Q1.

So I wouldn't say that Q1 was immune from the semiconductor challenges. I think, certainly, the
consumer has proven to be very robust. Used car values continue to go up, which I think is endemic of
the inventory challenges that we see across the board and that everybody sees. So all of that is just -- is
working in concert into what I would say is a very agile plan for us to meet our objectives.

It's also why we're trying to steer this to the first half versus Q1 and Q2. So there isn't necessarily a
readthrough in the short term because something that happens in March versus something that happens
in April isn't really all that relevant to how we're thinking about managing through this. And that's why we
have the confidence of looking at where first half expectations were despite the disparity between Q1 and
Q2. We actually think that we're performing ahead of expectations that were outlined at the beginning of
the year. We just want to be cautious about that in the back half, if that makes sense.

Joseph Robert Spak
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Yes. No doubt. But so is it fair to assume that embedded within that, the second half versus first half
pricing does take a step down?

Paul A. Jacobson
Executive VP & CFO

No, I don't necessarily think that's the case. I think the environment is what it is, and that's kind of what
puts us in that $5.5 billion-ish type EBIT adjusted for the first half of the year. But the environment has
remained strong. In some cases, it's gotten even stronger through the year. So we're meant to capitalize
on that wherever we can. But I don't see, in our second quarter, any sort of immediate changes to the
pricing environment that we've seen to date.

Joseph Robert Spak
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. And Mary, you mentioned the relationship with Honda and purchasing R&D and connected services
again. That MOU was announced, I think, like 8 months ago. Any indication now like what type of savings
you can expect from that to deliver over time?

Mary T. Barra
Chairman & CEO

We're not going to frame that right now. I will tell you, it's a very productive relationship and partnership,
and we continue to work. So as we identify and want to frame those opportunities, there's more to come,
but nothing to share today.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Adam Jonas with Morgan Stanley.

Adam Michael Jonas
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So for every adoption, there is a de-adoption. And there seems to be, clearly, this war against ICE waged
by governments, by consumers, regulators, right, and then lately OEMs, waging their own war against
ICE. And when I talk to car companies and management teams like you on the topic of potential write-
downs or impairments, I ask this because many of these investments, of course, that you've made in
ICE go a decade or more, 15, maybe even closer to 20 years in some instances. And so I -- maybe it's
too soon, but I'd love to get your view on when, along with this journey away from ICE, would it be
appropriate as you sit down with your auditors to think about curtailment of useful life and that impact,
the financial impact, because it could really change your results, and I think it's pretty relevant.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

If I'm wrong, tell me how I'm wrong, because I'm scratching my head thinking how do you avoid at some
point? Is it just you're making too much damn money selling ICE stuff right now, and it's just that the fit
isn't right and we need to wait for things to get worse? Help me out there on the impairment potential,
over time. I'm not asking -- it's not a 2021 issue, but as we look out.

Mary T. Barra
Chairman & CEO

So Adam, a couple of things. When you said for every EV adoption, there's a de-adoption. For General
Motors, I think this is a growth opportunity for us because there's a lot of EV interest on the coast. That's
where we don't get what I would call our fair share. And frankly, I'm going after more than our fair share
on the strength of our product portfolio. So that's point one. We see this as a growth opportunity not only
in the U.S. in markets we are in, but in growing into other markets we're currently not participating in.

I would also say, with the assets that we have right now, when you look at converting a plant from a
plant that builds ICE vehicles to those that produce electric vehicles, there's a lot of reuse, body shop
structures, or machinery and equipment, a paint shop, which is a 30- to 35-year asset. It doesn't care if
it's paint -- what the propulsion system is in the vehicle that we're going to be painting. And so there's a
lot of capital that can be reused as we go forward.

I would also say, with every new internal combustion engine propelled vehicle that we put out, we're
looking to make it better for the environment from a fuel economy emission CO2 perspective. And I also
think you have to look at the fact that right now, battery costs are coming down, but look at what's in the
marketplace right now. I think we're really one of the only people that have an all-electric vehicle that's as
affordable as the Bolt EV. We've got to make sure, as we move to an all-electric future, that it truly is for
everyone.

So that's more than an advertising tagline. That's something that General Motors is very much committed
to, making sure everybody -- because ESG has an S in the middle of it, which is making sure we're doing
the right thing for everyone. So I think we're moving at a very quick speed to be able to provide EVs for
everyone. I think it's going to be a growth opportunity for General Motors. And I think a lot of the assets
that we currently have can be reused in an all-EV world.

Adam Michael Jonas
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I have a very quick follow-up, and then we're going to -- I'll shut up. On Super Cruise. I see on Slide 8,
you talk about it being available on 22 models in a couple of years. Can you tell us what is the attach rate
of Super Cruise on the models where available? I think that's probably a more relevant metric. And maybe
where that was a year ago, so we can get some sense of the attach rate and the growth penetration year-
on-year? Because this is emerging as really, I think, potentially a very, very interesting part of the story
and a little extra transparency there, I think, will go a long way.

Mary T. Barra
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So Adam, on that, I get your point, and I think it's a good question. I think when you look at -- the
customers who have experienced Super Cruise love it. You've heard the 85% say they either wouldn't buy
a vehicle without it or they'd strongly desire it to be on their next vehicle. But in that move to have 22
models by 2023, we're in the very early ramp because it's going to happen quickly. And so the Bolt EUV,
the Cadillac Escalade, so I think we'll have more to share with you as we go forward.

But again, this is one of these technologies that you have to experience it just to understand how
phenomenal that it is. And that's why I think having the ability to do it in a subscription model as opposed
to having to make the decision on day 1, I think is going to be very, very important. So we can be
transparent and share more of that information as we go forward. It's a little early right now with the
ramp-up that we have.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Our last question comes from the line of Ryan Brinkman with JPMorgan.

Ryan J. Brinkman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Thanks for taking my question, which is also on Super Cruise. Are you able to describe in more detail
the driver retention system on Super Cruise? What steps have you taken to ensure that drivers remain
engaged and always keep their eyes on the road, either in terms of educating the consumer about the
capabilities and limitations of the system or putting in place different technological safeguards, including,
I'm not sure, any measures to prevent consumers from attempting to override your safeguards?

Mary T. Barra
Chairman & CEO

So we're very dedicated to this, and the team has worked really hard on this technology, but we're literally
watching to make sure that the driver is paying attention to the road. And if the system sees that you're
not, it indicates and it kind of is reminding you to pay attention, to pay attention. And if you continue
to not pay attention, it shuts down. And so I think it's -- that's, I think, one of the reasons it's been
recognized as a leading driver-assist technology. So I think the best thing to do is get you into a vehicle so
you can experience it because it's quite, quite effective.

Ryan J. Brinkman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Very helpful. And lastly, as a follow-up, I see on Slide 21 that you will provide additional insight into
software and services at the event later this year. Are you able to maybe share at a high level now how
you're sort of thinking about the potential materiality, over time, of aftersales software and services,
including subscription services such as Super Cruise? And I know OnStar is very strong in China. Do you
offer or plan to offer Super Cruise outside North America, such as in China?

Mary T. Barra
Chairman & CEO

Well, we're looking -- we actually already have and looking at how do we continue to expand that in
China. But I would say, overall, I don't want to get ahead of myself for what we're going to share on our
Investor Day later this year. But I will tell you, it's significant. When you look at -- OnStar is already fairly
significant. The aftersale opportunity OnStar insurance, new features that we'll be offering that can be
subscription-based, and we have a whole team at General Motors working on leveraging the strength that
we have of the OnStar platform in the vehicle and how we can leverage that, especially with the vehicle
intelligence platform as well. So I'm excited to share that story as we come out. And I think we're at the
beginning of significant opportunity in that space. So more to come.

Operator

Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mary Barra for her closing comments.

Mary T. Barra
Chairman & CEO

Well, I want to thank everybody for joining. I couldn't be more pleased with everything that has been
accomplished in the first quarter with a lot of headwinds coming at us with the semiconductor challenges
and then some of the other natural disasters that impacted the supply chain. But I think it just shows the
ingenuity and the creativity and the dedication of our team to find solutions and to work to optimize or
mitigate to the to the extent we can.

At the same time the team was doing that, we also made significant progress in our transformation from
an electric vehicle and autonomous vehicle perspective and some of the new growth opportunities when
you look at BrightDrop and OnStar Insurance. So the team has really been working on 2 fronts, a very
strategic front while dealing with some of the tactical challenges. And I think we have to remember the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

challenges we have with semiconductors right now are a temporary situation. We will work through that
and move beyond it, and it's not impacting our transformation and growth strategies.

I'd also just like to say that please take a look at the Sustainability Report that we announced just a little
over a week ago. In it, it outlines very clearly our goals and objectives, and we'll try to be transparent,
and we will provide updates and hold ourselves accountable to the targets and the plans that we've
outlined.

So again, really appreciate the opportunity to share all the progress at General Motors with you today.
Look forward to being able to see everyone in person later in the year when we have our Investor Day. So
thanks, everyone.

Paul A. Jacobson
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, everyone.

Operator
That concludes the conference call for today. Thank you for joining.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

