General Electric Company NYSE:GE
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, October 26, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.44

0.57

29.55

0.88

1.92

3.94

Revenue  (mm)

19174.06

18429.00

(3.89 %)

21093.00

73557.00

81429.16

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-26-2021 12:48 PM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.68

0.07

0.26

0.44

0.64

0.24

0.40

0.57

SURPRISE

(5.88 %)

242.86 %

53.85 %

29.55 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Carolina Dybeck Happe
Senior VP & CFO

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Steven Eric Winoker
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Securities, Research Division

Markus M. H. Mittermaier
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Joseph John O'Dea
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the General Electric Third Quarter 2021 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] My name is John, and I'll be your conference coordinator today.
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.

And I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Steve Winoker, Vice
President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.

Steven Eric Winoker
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, John. Welcome to GE's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. I'm joined by Chairman and CEO, Larry
Culp; and CFO, Carolina Dybeck Happe.

Note that some of the statements we're making are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the
world and our businesses as we see them today. As described in our SEC filings and on our website, those
elements may change as the world changes.

With that, I'll hand the call over to Larry.

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Steve, thanks, and good morning, everyone. Our team delivered another strong quarter as orders,
margins and cash improved. While the aviation market is showing continued signs of recovery and
contributed to the quarter, our focus on continuous improvement and lean is driving broader operational
and financial progress. At the same time, we're managing through significant challenges that we'll discuss
further today.

Starting with the numbers on Slide 2. Orders were robust, up 42%, with growth in all segments in
both services and equipment, reflecting continued demand for our technology and solutions and better
commercial execution. Industrial revenue was mixed. We saw a continued strength in services, up 7%
organically. Aviation improved significantly, benefiting from the market recovery. Equipment was down
9% organically, largely due to supply chain disruptions, the Ford ventilator comparison in health care, and
as expected, lower power equipment. Adjusted Industrial margin expanded 270 basis points organically,
largely driven by operational improvement in many of our businesses, growth in higher-margin services at
Aviation and Power, and net restructuring benefits. Adjusted EPS was up significantly, driven by Industrial.
Industrial free cash flow was up $1.8 billion ex discontinued factoring programs due to better earnings,
working capital and the short-term favorable timing impact of aircraft delivery delays.

Overall, I'm encouraged by our performance, especially at Aviation. Let me share what gives me -- gives
us confidence there. First, our results reflect a significant improvement in near-term market fundamentals.
Departure trends are better than the August dip and have recovered to down 23% of '19 levels. We expect
this acceleration in traffic to continue as travel restrictions lift and vaccination rates increase.

Our results also reflect operating improvements. For example, at Aviation's overhaul shops, our teams
have used lean to increase turnaround time by nearly 10% and decrease shop inventory levels by 15%
since the fourth quarter of 2020. These improvements are enabling us to get engines back to customers
faster and at a lower cost.

No business is better positioned than GE Aviation to support our customers through the coming up cycle.
We're ready with the industry's largest and youngest fleet, while we continue to invest for the next
generation with lower carbon technologies, such as the CFM RISE program. This platform will generate
value for decades to come.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

We're also clearly navigating headwinds as we close this year and look to 2022. We're feeling the impact
of supply chain disruptions in many of our businesses, with the largest impact to date in Healthcare. Based
on broader industry trends, we expect company-wide pressure to continue, at least into the first half
of next year. Our teams are working diligently to increase supply by activating dual sources, qualifying
alternative parts, redesigning and requalifying product configurations and expanding factory capacity.
We're also focused on margins as we deploy lean to decrease inventory and costs as well as implement
appropriate pricing actions and to reduce select discounts.

Our C team -- our CT team in Japan, for example, has been experiencing higher customer demand, so
we're making our production even more efficient to help offset the challenge of delayed inputs. The team
used value stream mapping, standard work and quarterly Kaizens to reduce production lead time once
parts are received by more than 40% from a year ago. And there's line of sight there to another 25%
reduction by the end of the year. While this is a single example within Healthcare, taken together with
other efforts, and over time, these add up.

At renewables, we're encouraged by the U.S. administration's commitment to offshore wind development.
However, in Onshore Wind, the pending U.S. production tax credit extension is creating uncertainty for
customers and causing much less U.S. market activity in preparation for 2022. As we've shared, a blanket
extension, while a well-intended policy, has the unintended consequence of pushing out investment
decisions. In our business, given the lag between orders and revenue, the impact will continue through the
fourth quarter and into '22. This environment, along with inflation headwinds picking up next year, makes
renewables' ongoing work to improve cost productivity even more urgent.

Given these puts and takes, we now expect revenue to be about flat for the year, driven by changes
to some of our business outlooks, which Carolina will cover in a moment. Importantly, even with lower
revenue, we're raising our margin and EPS expectations, underscoring improved profitability and services
growth and reflecting our strengthened operations. And we're narrowing our free cash flow range around
the existing midpoint.

Looking further out to next year, as our businesses continue to strengthen, we expect revenue growth,
margin expansion and higher free cash flow despite the pressures that we're managing through currently.
We'll provide more detail as usual during our fourth quarter earnings and outlook call.

Moving on to Slide 3. Challenges aside, our performance reflects the continued progress in our journey
to become a more focused, simpler, stronger, high-tech industrial. The GECAS and AerCap combination is
a tremendous catalyst, enabling us to focus on our industrial core and accelerate our deleveraging plan.
Just last week, GE and AerCap satisfied all regulatory clearances for the GECAS transaction. And we're
now targeting to close November 1. We'll use the proceeds to further reduce debt, which we now expect to
reach approximately $75 billion since the end of 2018. This is enabling GE to look longer term even as we
execute our deleveraging.

As we accelerate our transformation, lean and decentralization are key to improving operational results.
This quarter, we hosted our global Kaizen week in each of our businesses, with over 1,600 employees
participating. John Slattery, the CEO of GE Aviation, and I joined our Military team in Lynn, Massachusetts
for the full week, while our business CEOs joined their teams across the globe.

Lean is fundamentally about going to Gemba, where the real work is done, and is best learned in
operations where you can see it, touch it, smell it firsthand. And in Lynn, we were there to serve those
closest to the work, our operators. Our mission was to improve first-time yield on midframes, a key
subassembly of the military engines we produce in Lynn, whose [ stubborn ] variability has been directly
and negatively impacting our on-time delivery. By the end of the week, we had improved processes for
welding and quality checks on midframe parts, improvements that we're convinced will help us reach
our goals for military on-time delivery by the middle of next year, if not earlier. And we can improve our
performance on the back of these changes for years to come.

There are countless other examples of how our teams are leveraging lean to drive sustainable, impactful
improvements in safety, quality, delivery, cost and cash. They reflect how we're running GE better and how
we're sustaining these efforts to drive operational progress and lasting cultural change.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Our significant progress on deleveraging and operational execution sets us up well to play offense in the
future. Our first priority of course, is organic growth. This starts with improving our team's abilities to
market, sell and service the products we have.

There are many recent wins across GE this quarter, but to highlight one, our Gas Power team delivered,
installed and commissioned 4 TM2500 aeroderivative gas turbines in only 42 days to complement
renewable power generation for California's Department of Water Resources during peak demand season.
These turbines, using jet engine technology adapted for industrial and utility power generation, start and
ramp in just minutes, providing rapid and reliable intermittent power, helping enhance the flexibility and
sustainability of California's grid.

And we're bolstering our offerings with innovative new technology that serves our customers and leads our
industries forward. For example, at renewables, our Haliade-X offshore wind turbine prototype operating
in the Netherlands, set an industry record by operating at 14 megawatts, more output than has ever been
produced by any wind turbine.

From time to time, we'll augment our organic efforts with inorganic investments. Our recently announced
acquisition of BK Medical represents a step forward as we advance our mission of precision health care.
Bringing BK's intraoperative ultrasound technology together with the pre- and postoperative capabilities
in our Ultrasound business creates a compelling customer offering across the full continuum of care, from
diagnostics, through surgical, and therapeutic interventions as well as patient monitoring. Not only does
BK expand our high-performing $3 billion Ultrasound business, but it also is growing rapidly with attractive
margins itself. We expect the transaction to close in '22, and I'm looking forward to welcoming the BK
team to GE.

All told, we hope that you see that GE is operating from a position of strength today. We delivered another
strong quarter, and we're playing more offense, which will only accelerate over time. We're excited about
the opportunities ahead to drive long-term growth and value.

So with that, I'll turn it over to Carolina, who will provide further insights on the quarter.

Carolina Dybeck Happe
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Larry.

Our results reflect our team's commitment to driving operational improvement. We're leveraging lean
across GE and our finance function. In addition to Kaizen week that Larry mentioned, over 1,800
finance team members completed a full waste work week, applying lean and digital tools to reduce
nonvalue-added work by 26,000 hours and counting. For example, at renewables, our team streamlined
and automated account reconciliations, intercompany settlements and cash applications. This type of
transactional lean frees up time so we can focus more on driving higher-quality, faster operational insights
and improvement, helping our operating teams run the businesses more efficiently.

Looking at Slide 4, I'll cover on an organic basis. Orders were robust, up 42% year-over-year and up
21% sequentially on a reported basis, building on revenue momentum heading into '22. Equipment and
services in all businesses were up year-over-year, with strength in Aviation, renewables and Healthcare.
We are more selective in the commercial deals we pursue, with a greater focus on pricing in an inflation
environment, economic terms and cash. Together with targeting more profitable segments like services,
we're enhancing order quality to drive profitable growth.

Revenue was up sequentially, with growth in services, driven by Aviation and Power, but down year-
over-year. Equipment revenue was down, with the largest impact in Healthcare and Power. Overall, mix
continues to shift towards higher-margin services, now representing half of the revenue.

Adjusted Industrial margins improved sequentially, largely driven by aviation services. Year-over-year,
total margins expanded 270 basis points, driven by our lean efforts, cost productivity and services growth.
Both Aviation and Power delivered margin expansion, which offset the challenges in Healthcare and
renewables.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Consistent with the broader market, we are experiencing inflation pressure, which we expect to be limited
for the balance of '21. Next year, we anticipate a more challenging inflation environment. The most
adverse impact is expected in onshore wind due to the rising cost of transportation and commodities, such
as steel and resin, impacting the entire industry.

We are taking action to mitigate inflation in each of our businesses. Our shorter-cycle businesses felt the
impact earliest, while our longer-cycle businesses were more protected given extended purchasing and
production cycles. Our service businesses fall in between. Our teams are working hard across functions
to drive cost countermeasures and improve how we bid on businesses, including price escalation. Finally,
adjusted EPS was up 50% year-over-year, driven by Industrial.

Overall, we're pleased with the robust demand, evidenced by orders growth and our year-to-date margin
performance. While we're navigating headwinds caused by supply chain and PTC pressure, these have
impacted our growth expectations. We're now expecting revenue to be about flat for the year. However,
due to our continued improvement across GE, we are raising our '21 outlook for organic margin expansion
to 350 basis points or more and our adjusted EPS to a range of $1.80 to $2.10.

Moving to cash. A major focus of our transformation has been strengthening our cash flow generation
through better working capital management and improved linearity, ultimately to drive more consistent
and sustainable cash flow. Our quarterly results show the benefits of these efforts.

Industrial free cash flow was up $1.8 billion ex discontinued factoring programs in both years. Aviation,
Power and Healthcare all had robust free cash flow conversion in the quarter. Cash earnings, working
capital, and allowance and discount payments, or AD&A, driven by the deferred aircraft delivery payment,
contributed to this significant increase.

Looking at working capital, I'll focus on receivables, where we saw the largest operational improvement.
Receivables were a source of cash, up $1.3 billion year-over-year ex the impact of discontinued factoring,
mainly driven by Gas Power collections. Overall, strengthening our operational muscles in billings and
collections is translating into DSO improvement, as evidenced by our total DSO, which is down 13 days
year-over-year.

Also positively impacting our free cash flow by about $0.5 billion in the quarter was AD&A. Given the
year-to-date impact and our fourth quarter estimate aligned with the current airframer aircraft delivery
schedule, we now expect positive flow in '21, about $300 million, which is $700 million better than our
prior outlook. This year's benefit will reverse in 2022, and together with higher aircraft delivery schedule
expectations, will drive an outflow of approximately $1.2 billion next year. To be clear, this is a timing
issue.

You'll recall that we decided to exit the majority of our factoring programs earlier this year. In the quarter,
discontinued factoring impact was just under $400 million, which was adjusted out of free cash flow.
The fourth quarter impact should be under $0.5 billion, bringing our full year factoring adjustment to
approximately $3.5 billion.

Without the factoring dynamics, better operational management of receivables have become a true cross-
functional effort. Let me share an example. Our Steam Power team recently shifted to this from a more
siloed approach. Leveraging problem solving and value stream mapping, they have reduced average
billing cycle time by 30% so far. So only 2 quarters in, more linear business operations, both up and
downstream, are starting to drive more linear billings and collections. While we have a way to go, more
linear business operations drive better and sustainable free cash flow. Year-to-date, ex discontinuing
factoring across all quarters, free cash flow increased $4.8 billion year-over-year.

In each of our businesses, our teams are driving working capital improvement, which together with higher
earnings make a real and measurable impact. Taking the strong year-to-date performance, coupled with
the headwinds we've described, we're narrowing our full year free cash flow range to $3.75 billion to $4.75
billion.

Turning to Slide 6. We expect to close the GECAS transaction on November 1. This strategic transaction
not only deepens our focus on our industrial core, but also enables us to accelerate our debt reduction,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

with approximately $30 billion in consideration. Given our deleveraging progress and cash flow
improvement to date, plus our expected actions and better [ pass-through ] performance, we now expect
a total reduction of approximately $75 billion since the end of 2018.

GE will receive a 46% equity stake in one of the world's leading aviation lessors, which we will monetize
as the aviation industry continues to recover. As we've shared, we expect near-term leverage to remain
elevated. And we remain committed to further debt reduction and our leverage target over the next few
years.

On liquidity, we ended the quarter with $25 billion of cash. We continued to see significant improvement
in lowering GE's cash needs, currently at $11 billion, down from $13 billion in the quarter, taking this
decrease due to reduced factoring and better working capital management. This is an important proof
point that we are able to operate with lower and more predictable cash needs, creating opportunities for
high-return investments.

Moving to the businesses, which I'll also speak to on an organic basis. First, on Aviation. Our improved
results reflect a significantly stronger market. Departure trends recovered from August. It's early, but the
pickup that began in September is continuing through October. Better departures and customer confidence
contributed to higher shop visits and spare part sales than we had initially anticipated. The impact of
green time utilization has also lessened. We expect these positive trends will continue into the fourth
quarter.

Orders were up double-digits. Both commercial engines and services were up substantially again year-
over-year. Military orders were also up, reflecting a large Hindustan Aeronautics order for nearly 100 F404
engines along with multiple T700 orders.

For revenue, Commercial Services was up significantly, with strength in external spares. Shop visit volume
was up over 40% year-over-year and double-digits sequentially, with the overall scope slightly improved.
We continued to see higher concentration of narrowbody and regional aircraft shop visits.

Commercial Engines was down double-digits with lower shipments. Our mix continues to shift from legacy
to more NPI units, specifically LEAP, and lower production rates on GEnx. We're also navigating through
material fulfillment constraints, amplified by increased industry demand, which impacted deliveries.

Military was down marginally. Unit shipments were flat sequentially, but up year-over-year. Without the
delivery challenges, Military revenue growth would have been high single-digits this quarter. Given this
continued impact, Military growth is now expected to be negative for the year.

Segment margin expanded significantly, primarily driven by Commercial Services and operational cost
reduction. In the fourth quarter, we expect margins to continue to expand sequentially, achieving our low
double-digit margin guide for the year. We now expect '21 shop visits to be up at least mid-single-digit
year-over-year versus about flat. Our solid performance, especially in services, underscores our strong
underlying business fundamentals as the commercial market recovers.

Moving to Healthcare. Market momentum is driving very high demand while we navigate supply chain
constraints. Government and private health systems are investing in capital equipment to support capacity
demand and to improve quality of care across the market. Building on a 20-year partnership, we recently
signed a 5-year renewal to service diagnostic imaging and biomedical equipment with HCA Healthcare, one
of the nation's leading providers of health care. Broadly, we're adapting to overarching market needs of
health system efficiency, digitization as well as resiliency and sustainability.

Against that backdrop, orders were up double-digits, both year and versus '19, with strength in Healthcare
Systems up 20% year-over-year, and PDx up high single-digits. However, revenue was down with a high
single-digit decline at HCS, more than offsetting the high single-digit growth we saw at PDx. You'll recall
that last year, the Ford ventilator partnership was about $300 million of Life Care Solutions revenue. This
comp negatively impacted revenue by 6 points. And thinking about the industry-wide supply shortages, we
estimate that growth would have been approximately 9 points higher if we were able to fill our orders. And
these challenges will continue into at least the first half of '22.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Segment margin declined year-over-year, largely driven by higher inflation and lower Life Care Solutions
revenue. This was partially offset by productivity and higher PDx volume. Even with the supply chain
challenges, we now expect to deliver close to 100 basis point of margin expansion as we proactively
manage sourcing and logistics.

Overall, we're well positioned to keep investing in future growth, underscoring our confidence in profit
and cash flow generation. We're putting capital to work differently than in the past, supplementing
organic growth with inorganic investments that are a good strategic fit. These are focused on accelerating
our precision health mission, like BK Medical. And we're strengthening our operational and strategic
integration muscles.

At renewables, we're excited by our long-term growth potential, supported by new technologies like
Haliade-X and Cypress and our leadership in energy transition despite the current industry headwinds.
Looking at the market, since the second quarter, the pending PTC extension has caused further
deterioration in the U.S. onshore market outlook. Based on the latest WoodMac forecast for equipment
and repower, the market is now expected to decline from 14 gigawatts of wind installments this year to
approximately 10 gigawatts in 2022. This pressures orders and cash in '21.

In Offshore Wind, global momentum continues, and we're aiming to expand our commitment pipeline
through the decade. And modernizing the grid is a key enabler of the energy transition. And we saw
record orders, driven by offshore, where the project-driven profile will remain uneven. This leads to
continued variability for progress collection.

Onshore orders grew modestly, driven by services and international equipment, partially offset by lower
U.S. equipment due to the PTC dynamics. Revenue declined significantly. Services was the main driver,
largely due to fewer onshore repower deliveries. Ex repower, onshore services was up double-digits.
Equipment was down to a lesser extent, driven by declines in the U.S. onshore and grid. This was partially
offset by continued growth in international onshore and offshore. For the year, we now expect revenue
growth to be roughly flat.

Segment margin declined 250 basis points. Onshore was slightly positive, but down year-over-year. Cost
reductions were more than offset by lower U.S. repower volume, mix headwinds as new products ramp
and come down the cost curve as well as supply chain pressure. Offshore margins remain negative as we
work through legacy projects and continue to ramp Haliade-X production. At grid, better execution was
more than offset by lower volume. Due mainly to the PTC impact, we now expect renewables free cash
flow to be down and negative this year. Looking forward, where we are facing headwinds, we're intently
focused on improving our operational performance, profitability and cash generation.

Moving to Power. We're performing well. Looking at the market, global gas generation was down high
single-digits due to price-driven gas-to-coal switching. Yes, you heard me right, gas to coal switching.
However, GE gas turbine utilization continues to be resilient as megawatt hours grew low single-digits.
Despite recent price volatility, gas continues to be a reliable and economic source of power generation.
Over time, as more baseload coal comes offline and with the challenges of intermediate renewables power,
customers continue to need gas. Through the next decade, we expect the gas market to remain stable,
with gas generation growing low single digits.

Orders were driven by Gas Power services, aero and steam, each up double-digits. Gas equipment was
down despite booking 6 more heavy-duty gas turbine as timing for HAs remain uneven across quarters.
We continued to stay selective with disciplined underwriting to grow our installed base. And this quarter,
we booked orders for smaller-frame units.

Demand for aeroderivative power continues. For the year, we expect about 60 unit orders, up more than
5x year-over-year. Revenue was down slightly. Equipment was down due to reduced turnkey scope at Gas
Power and the continued exit of new build coal at steam. Consistent with our strategy, we are on track to
achieve about 30% turnkey revenue as a percentage of heavy-duty equipment revenue this year, down
from 55% in 2019, a better risk-return equation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

At the same time, Gas Power shipped 11 more units year-over-year. Gas Power services was up high
single-digits, trending better than our initial outlook due to strong CSA volume. We now expect Gas Power
services to grow high single-digits this year. Steam services was also up.

Margins expanded year-over-year, yet were down sequentially due to outage seasonality. Gas Power was
positive and improved year-over-year, driven by services growth and aero shipments. We remain confident
in our high single-digit margin outlook for the year. Steam is progressing through the new build coal exit.
And by year-end, we expect our equipment backlog to be less than $1 billion compared to $3 billion a year
ago. Power Conversion was positive and expanded in the quarter.

Overall, we're encouraged by our steady performance. Power is on track to meet its outlook, including high
single-digit margins in '23 plus.

Our team is focused on winning the right orders, growing services and increasing free cash flow
generation.

Moving to Slide 8. As a reminder, following the GECAS close in the fourth quarter, we will transition to
one column reporting and roll in the remainder of GE Capital into Corporate. Going forward, our results,
including adjusted revenue, profit and free cash flow, will exclude insurance. To be clear, we'll continue to
provide the same level of insurance disclosures. In all, this simplifies the presentation of our results as we
focus on our industrial core.

At Capital, the loss in continuing operations was up year-over-year, driven primarily by a nonrepeat
of prior year tax benefit, partially offset by the discontinuation of the preferred dividend payment. At
Insurance, we generated $360 million net income year-to-date, driven by positive investment results and
claims still favorable to pre-COVID levels. However, this favorable claim trends are slowing in certain parts
of the portfolio.

As planned, we conducted our annual premium deficiency test, also known as the loss recognition test.
This resulted in a positive margin, with no impact to earnings for a second consecutive year. The margin
increase was largely driven by a higher discount rate, reflecting our investment portfolio realignment
strategy, with a higher allocation towards select growth assets. Claims costs curve continued to hold. In
addition, the teams are preparing to implement the new FASB accounting standard, consistent with the
industry, and we're working on modeling updates.

Based on our year-to-date performance, Capital still expects a loss of approximately $500 million for the
year. In discontinued operations, Capital reported a gain of about $600 million, primarily due to the recent
increase in AerCap stock price, which is updated quarterly.

Moving to Corporate. Our priorities are to reduce functional and operational costs as we drive leaner
processes and embrace decentralization. The results are flowing through, with costs down double-digits
year-over-year. We are now expecting Corporate costs to be about $1 billion for the year, and this is better
than our prior $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion guidance.

As you can see, lean and decentralization aren't just concepts. They are driving better execution and
cultural change. They are supporting another strong quarter. They are enabling our businesses to play
more offense. And ultimately, they're driving sustainable, long-term profitable growth.

Now Larry, back to you.

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Carolina, thank you. Let's turn to Slide 9. Our teams continued to deliver strong performance. We're
especially encouraged by our earnings improvement, which makes us confident in our ability to deliver our
outlook for the year. You've seen today that our transformation to a more focused, simpler, stronger, high-
tech industrial is accelerating. We're on the verge of closing the GECAS-AerCap merger, a tremendous
milestone for GE.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Stepping back, our progress has positioned us to play offense. We just wrapped up our annual strategic
reviews with nearly 30 of our business units. These complement our quarterly operating reviews, but
have a longer-term focus as we answer 2 fundamental questions: What game are we playing? And how
do we win? These reviews were exceptionally strong this year across the board, with the most strategic
and cross-functional thinking we've seen in my 3 years, enabling us to drive long-term growth and value
across GE, while delivering on our mission of building a world that works. We're positioned to truly shape
the future of flight with new technology for sustainability and efficiency, such as the recent Catalyst engine
launch, the first clean sheet turboprop design entering the business in general aviation market in 50 years.

Touching 1 billion patients per year, we're delivering more personalized and efficient care through precision
health and combining digital AI within our products, including our new cloud-based Edison TruePACS,
to help radiologists adapt to higher workloads and increased exam complexity with improved diagnostic
accuracy.

Through our leadership in the energy transition, we're helping the world tackle the trilemma of
sustainability, affordability and reliability from launching new tech platforms at renewables, such as the
Haliade-X and Cypress; to our recently announced flexible transformer project with the Department of
Energy; to growth in the world's most efficient gas turbines.

To be clear, we still have work to do. And as we do it, we're operating increasingly from a position of
strength, serving our customers in vital global markets with a focus on profitable growth and cash
generation. Our free cash flow will continue to grow towards a high single-digit percentage of sales level.
And we have an opportunity to allocate more resources on capital deployment to support GE's growth over
time.

Steve, with that, let's go to questions.

Steven Eric Winoker
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Larry. [Operator Instructions] John, can you please open the line?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

And our first question is from Julian Mitchell from Barclays.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe my question would just be around free cash flow. So you'd mentioned that free cash flow would be
up in 2022. I just wanted to make sure, is that sort of comparable with that $3.75 billion to $4.75 billion
guide for this year? Or is that sort of apples-to-apples once you roll in what's left of Capital into the cash
flow for this year? And a related question is, you talked on Slide 9 about the high single-digit cash flow
margin over time. Just wanted to make sure there's no -- that does not mark a shift from the sort of 2023
plus time frame you'd mentioned before.

Carolina Dybeck Happe
Senior VP & CFO

So Julian, let me start then. You talked about the 2022 remarks that we made. Like-for-like, we expect
Industrial free cash flow to step up. We expect our business earnings to improve. We expect that through
top line growth and margin expansion that will turn into profit, which we then believe -- well, which we
then will see go to cash, right?

Then if you look a little bit outside of earnings, we do have a couple of significant cash flow items to think
about. We have mentioned the supply chain headwinds that we think will continue into next year. So that
will hamper both on the profitability but also on inventory. And then we have the headwind of AD&A. We
talked about that in this year. It's going to be more positive, but it's going to be a big headwind in next
year. And this is really only a timing effect because of when customers expect to deliver the aircraft, right?

And overall, my last comment on Industrial side will be, if you look at working capital, with that growth
in mind, we will need some working capital to fund the top line growth, right? But on the other hand, we
also expect to continue to improve working capital management, for example, in receivables, and to some
extent, also to inventory. Within that, we do see improvement in linearity as possible as well. So that's
like-for-like on the Industrial side.

If we then add the consolidated Capital or basically what's left of Capital then, consolidated in, like-for-
like, we expect it to also increase. And the increase on top of that would mainly be driven by the lower
interest that we will see from debt reduction. So we are confident in an overall growing trajectory, both
Industrial like-for-like as well as including Capital.

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

And I would say just to the second question, the simple short answer is no change whatsoever relative
to our expectations with respect to high single-digit free cash flow margins, right? When we talk about
that, let's just take for simplicity's sake, 8% on a revenue base akin to where we were in 2019, right? That
pencils out on a $85 billion to $90 billion revenue base to, say, $7 billion of free cash.

That's really going to be an earnings, lower restructuring spend and better working capital management
story. Clearly, from a profit perspective, that's going to be an Aviation-led dynamic. Healthcare right in
behind it. And then we still anticipate that we turn Power profitable, and we get a couple of billion dollars
of profit from Power. You deduct, call it, $1.4 billion for Corporate. But you get close to, let's call it, $10
billion of op profit, convert that to, net of interest and taxes, at 90%, you get to that same $7 billion
figure. So we think we're on our way. But again, the short answer is no change.

Operator

And our next question is from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Great. Thanks for the detail on the AD&A next year, $1.2 billion. Just -- I just want to confirm that --
I'd assume you expect some help from progress collections in Aviation next year, assuming we're in a
recovering order environment. But the real question is on the insurance testing in 3Q. And I know this is
a gap, not stats test. But I think the 10-Q called out an 11% surplus. So I'm just curious, Carolina, what
does that mean for future cash payments going forward? At what point does the service become so large
that, that could have some good news for cash in going forward?

Carolina Dybeck Happe
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks for the question, Nigel. Yes. So it is a factor. So we did do the testing on the LRT, and we had good
news, I would say, as expected. And when you have a positive margin, that means no charge to the P&L.
Yes, and the margin was 11% positive, which is significantly higher than what we have seen. It was mainly
driven by the discount rate increase. It increased from 5.7% to 6.15%. And I would say that increase was
really driven by asset allocation and really, our plan to increase the amount allocated to growth assets,
where we're going from [ 9 to 15 ]. The other variables had -- like morbidity and mortality, inflation in
premium, they were a small impact. So we're really happy with that.

And your question then on top of that, sort of for CFT, so CFT or the cash flow testing, that is what
decides, yes, if there's a need to add cash to the insurance. I would say like this, it's not one to one.
Yes, the variables are similar to LRT, but they are used under moderately adverse conditions. I would
say the modeling will happen beginning of next year, as usual. We will look at our investment portfolio
realignment and the changes factored into that model. Also look at the future cash flow. But it could have
some adverse effect because we're using more granular assumptions. But I would say, overall, the good
news from the LRT bodes very well for the CFT, but it's not one to one.

Operator

Our next question is from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research Partners.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Larry or Carolina, can we talk a little bit more about price cost? I think your message on the pressures into
the first half are pretty clear. But kind of this kind of question of kind of cost in the backlog, so to speak,
that needs to work its way through the system. Wonder if you could just kind of size this a little bit for us
or put it in the context of what you're actually capturing on price, say, on current orders. Maybe what kind
of the price/cost total headwind or tailwind is in 2021 versus what you're kind of expecting in 2022 based
on what you can see in the backlog.

Carolina Dybeck Happe
Senior VP & CFO

So Jeff, why don't I start? And then, Larry, you can jump in.

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Sure, sure.

Carolina Dybeck Happe
Senior VP & CFO

If we start with inflation, I just want to reiterate that, of course, we're hit by inflation, but it's a bit
different depending business by business. We have the shorter-cycle businesses like Healthcare, where we
are feeling the impact faster than the longer cycle, like Power, and we have sort of services in between. On
the longer cycle ones, they are more protected because of the, I would say, the extended purchasing and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

production cycles. We are seeing the main pressures on commodities like steel, but also logistics pressure
is increasing, right?

Specific to 2021, we have felt inflation, but so far, we've been able to offset it. And we expect the
impact for the full year to be limited in '21, the net impact. For 2022, we do expect to see significant
pressure. And I would say it's top of our list of priorities for next year. And we're taking both price and cost
countermeasures.

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Jeff, I think that's right. And as you would imagine, in an environment like this, we're not only
working the value add, value engineering, the more traditional cost actions aggressively. We're working
with the supply base as feverishly as we can, both on availability and on cost.

That said, as Carolina was alluding to on the price side, we're doing all we can in the shorter-cycle
businesses. It's a little easier, say, in Healthcare, where we've got more like-for-like. We can see those
price actions. We're beginning to see some early traction there. Services is a bit mixed. But where we
have opportunities, say, on spares and within the escalation frameworks within some of the longer-term
service agreements, we're obviously going to get what we can there.

You spoke to projects. I mean that's -- it's a little bit more bespoke. But it -- while it's difficult to measure
price like-for-like, we are managing the margins with some of the longer-term procurement efforts that
Carolina alluded to.

Just more broadly on the backlog, it's important to remember, when you look at what -- it's what, $380
billion of backlog, 70% of that's in Aviation. Virtually, all of that is in services. So certainly, a competitive
space. But between the catalog pricing dynamics and some of the escalation protection, we think we're
well positioned. But we take nothing for granted there. Outside of Aviation, the bulk of the backlog is also
in services, where similar dynamics apply. But again, limited pressure net-net in '21, building headwinds
for us next year. We've got time to work both the cost and the price countermeasures. And as Carolina
said, I don't think we've got a higher priority operationally here in the short term than those 2.

Operator

And our next question is from Deane Dray from RBC Capital Markets.

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Like to get some more comments, if we could, on the Aviation aftermarket visibility, that 40% up year-
over-year in shop visits, similar to what your competitors have announced. Just talk about visibility, the
ramp on departures and your capacity. I know there had been some cuts. Do you have the capacity to
handle all this? I know lean is helping. And then a related question, what kind of R&D investments are you
making today or you're planning for to help the airlines hit their carbon-neutral goals by 2050?

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Deane, I would say with respect to the aftermarket, I think you highlighted some of the keys for us,
right? Very pleased with the shop visit activity being up 40% in the third quarter, better than we had
anticipated. I think we were calling for up 25%. We will see sequential improvement. It's not going to
be as pronounced year to year here. In the fourth quarter, probably it's going to be up, call it, 30%. In
October thus far, we're off to a good start in terms of underlying activity.

All of that's been coupled with, I would say, robust spare part demand from third-party providers. So right,
it's that coupling up, if you will, of volume and value that are going to set us up for a pretty good second
half here and going into next year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

We're working through supply chain challenges here, be it material, be it labor, as we are everywhere
else. I think we're positioned here, at least as we -- as best we can see. I'm glad you highlighted the lean
improvements, right? Rather than just throwing a lot of bodies and a lot of capital into the breach, we
really are trying to work the process. Russell Stokes and the team in services understand that very well,
which is why we highlighted some of the turnaround improvements that we did in our formal remarks.

You go back to, I guess, what was technically the second quarter, but the -- middle of June, John
Slattery, in concert with our partners at Safran, announced the CFM RISE program, which really is a
multigenerational technology investment program to make sure we're on a path, be it with sustainable
aviation fuels, be it hybrids, be it hydrogen, to be in a position to maintain the industry leadership this
business has enjoyed for decades.

So there's a lot to come. We're going to be spending. And we're going to be spending smartly in and
around those areas to launch technologies that ultimately transition into product programs as our
airframer and airline customers deem appropriate. So a lot going on short term and long term. But again,
we really like where Aviation is, particularly with the departure trends and the outlook here in the near
term.

Operator

Our next question is from Steve Tusa from JPMorgan.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

You mentioned the sequential kind of margin increase in Aviation. I think the revenues were a little bit
weaker this quarter. For fourth quarter, I think your kind of implied guidance -- I know it's kind of a wide
range, and you guys haven't really updated in a while, gets me to kind of a midpoint of $1 billion for 4Q.
You just had a nice sequential increase from 2Q to 3Q. Is that kind of the right number? And then as a
follow-up to that, for next year, with the $1.5 billion headwind as AD&A normalizes, what mechanically --
like what's the math that can overcome that kind of headwind for Aviation to grow free cash?

Carolina Dybeck Happe
Senior VP & CFO

Okay. So if we start with the Aviation and the margin -- and you talked about the margin going into the
fourth quarter, right? So what we are seeing, and I think an important add on the third quarter, is that we
see a shift clearly towards services, right? So in the third quarter, we had 20% growth of services, while
equipment was down. So this better mix also tilted toward external really is what makes you see the drop-
through, right?

And Larry talked about higher shop visits, so 40% up year-over-year. We also saw the strong third-party
sales, up around 30%. For the fourth quarter, we have the seasonality, as you know, but we also don't
expect it to be as high for the fourth quarter. So we expect to continue sort of from the third quarter into
the fourth quarter with a sequential improvement. And overall, that's how we get to our low double-digit
margins for 2021. We haven't specifically said exactly what the profit is in the fourth quarter for Aviation.
But with all those pieces, you sort of piece it together.

For 2022, you asked about Aviation free cash flow. So I would say a couple of things. You're right on the
AD&A. It is a timing issue. So we'll have a big headwind next year on the AD&A side. But what we do see
is we expect return to flight to continue. So we will expect to see basically utilization being driven, which
means more hours flown, which means higher billings on our CSAs. You know that cash comes before the
profit. So we do expect to have really good uptick on services and the cash flow. So basically, on the CSA
side there.

Yes, AD&A will be a headwind. But on top of that, we'll also have the profit that we will see from more
shop visits. So overall, the mix of that gets us to a positive place. I think it's mainly the services and the
CSAs. That is the big positive.

Operator
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

And our next question is from Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Just maybe just sticking with free cash flow for a second and thinking about the 4Q implied guidance.
Typically, 4Q is your seasonally strongest quarter. The step-up from 4Q to 3Q seems to be a little bit
seasonally weaker than what we've seen in prior years. So I'm just curious if -- any puts and takes that
we need to be aware of as we kind of think about the sequential bridge for free cash flow 3Q to 4Q.

Carolina Dybeck Happe
Senior VP & CFO

Joe, let me answer that. So I think it's important to take a step back. And if we look at jumping off point
for 2020 for free cash flow for the full year, the free cash flow, excluding factoring and biopharma, we
were $2.4 billion in 2020. If you take our -- a midpoint of our guide now and you add back the factoring,
you get to $5 billion for this year. So just to put in perspective, we're going from last year, $2.4 billion
to midpoint of $5 billion this year. So we're doubling the cash flow for 2021. We are also seeing linearity
improvements in 2021, which is part of the reason the fourth quarter not being as unlinear as it has been
before.

After the range that we have, there are basically 2 main areas that bring us uncertainty: one, some of the
supply chain challenges; and the other one is the PTC pressure that we then expect to impact progress.
So what does that exactly mean for the fourth quarter? Well, we'll have higher sequential profit, and we
expect to see free cash from the market improving and some of the usual seasonality. But it would still be
down year-over-year. The supply chain challenges, you'll see through earnings, but also through inventory,
right? It's going to be a lot stack in WIP that isn't going out.

And then for the full year, fourth quarter last year, you remember we had big renewables progress of
$1 billion. So we don't expect that to happen this year. And then I've also previously talked about the
Aviation MAX settlements and CARES Act as positive one-offs in fourth quarter last year. If you take that
all together, that's how we get to the fourth quarter, and importantly, how we get to $5 billion jumping off
point of free cash flow this year, which is really important proof point and step to our high single-digit fee
margin journey that Larry talked about a little while ago.

Operator

And our next question is from Andrew Obin from Bank of America.

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Securities, Research Division

Just a question, longer term, long-term care seems to be in better shape. Power is stabilizing. Once we
consolidate balance sheet, that's a lot easier, and there is a path we're delivering. Back when you spoke
about -- a lot about strategic optionality, but as sort of -- was COVID, I think, focus shifted elsewhere,
but it seems to be coming back. Can you just talk about where we are about thinking about strategic
optionality and sort of putting in historical context what you guys said about health care, what you guys
said about long-term care, renewables, et cetera? I know it's a broad question, but whatever you can
share with us.

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Sure. Sure, Andrew. Let me take a swing at that. I would say that, again, we're really pleased with
the progress on both the deleveraging and the operational improvements. We still have to close the
transaction, work through the follow-on debt reductions. But to be in a position to have line of sight now
on what will be a cumulative approximately $75 billion debt reduction over the last 3 years allows us, I
think, to look at the balance sheet and begin to think about playing more offense and take advantage of
the strategic optionality that we have been looking to build and grow. That goes hand in hand with the
underlying improvements, some of which, I would argue, you see in these numbers. Others, like what I

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

saw in the shop floor and Lynn a few weeks back, you don't see yet, but which I think give us confidence
that more improvements in terms of top line, bottom line and cash are forthcoming.

And all that really does is, I think, allow us to both invest in the business more aggressively, organically
and inorganically. That's why we were so excited about the BK Medical transaction. Admittedly small,
but the strategic logic behind it, the value-add, operationally, our $3 billion high-performing Ultrasound
business will generate and the high single-digit returns we think we will have in time, that's what we
should be doing more of in concert with what we're going to do organically.

All of that really sets us up, I think, Andrew, to be in a position to really realize the full potential of these
wonderful businesses in the GE portfolio. There are a host of ways that could play out over time. But first
things first, right? We've got some business here with the GECAS and AerCap merger to work through.
We've got these operating challenges to navigate through the fourth quarter and going into next year. But
I really do think we're increasingly operating from a position of strength. I like where we are. And in time,
we will realize the full value of these businesses.

Operator

Our next question is from Markus Mittermaier from UBS.

Markus M. H. Mittermaier
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Maybe a question on Power. Could you update us on the Steam Power restructuring progress? And any
view on the potential impact here on the fixed cost base for that business? And is there anything sort of
like that changes how you view that business given the French government's push recently -- investment
push in nuclear and renewables? Or is that really separate in your business on the steam side between
coal and nuclear?

Carolina Dybeck Happe
Senior VP & CFO

Markus, let me start by talking to the restructuring then. First of all, in steam, which is now part of the
Power segment and also run by Scott, we have Valerie and her team working through the restructuring
there. I would say they are on track. It's a big restructuring. We do expect margins to turn in 2023
and basically have the restructuring to temper down by them. And then the business is going to be 2/3
services going forward at a significantly lower overhead cost, which is what you were alluding to. So we
see good traction, but we're still in the middle of it. So again, it will take time until 2023. But then we'll
have a very different business with a high service element and lower overheads.

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Markus, I think the other part of your question was really with respect to the steam generators for nuclear
applications. As you will appreciate, our focus continues to be on running that business as well as we can
for our customers. Recently, we did acknowledge that we are in discussions with EDF regarding a potential
transaction. If there's an opportunity to create value, we'll certainly pursue it.

But if you step back for a moment, I think we are of the view that nuclear overall has an important role to
play in the energy transition. We know the French government is strongly of that view. They aren't alone.
I was in the U.K. last week where we had similar conversations, particularly in and around advanced
nuclear technology, particularly in the case of the small modular reactors, which we know can provide
carbon-free, dependable baseload and flexible capacity as we move forward here. So we've got a lot of
capabilities in and around nuclear, really the whole nuclear life cycle. So we don't talk a lot about it, but it
is part of the power framework for the energy transition and one we'll continue to manage as best we can
going forward.

Operator

And our next question is from Joe O'Dea from Wells Fargo.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Joseph John O'Dea
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I wanted to ask on PTC, and how you're planning for that. And what your kind of base case assumptions
are? What you're thinking about in terms of important dates on the time line? You talked about the step-
down in installs expected next year. How temporary that is? Or what you're seeing? How much kind of
persistent pressure it can put on the install market?

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Joe, let me take that. I think with respect to the U.S. market for onshore wind, we do see a step-down
here going into '22, probably stepping down from, say, 14 to 10 gigawatts. It's not yet set in stone
because these conversations are active and underway in Washington, given all the legislation under review
that run up to COP26 and the like.

I think what we are incorporating in our commentary here today is a more pessimistic, perhaps, but
updated view relative to the very near term. So in the absence of those incentives in the short term, we're
going to feel pressure, both on new unit orders and in repowering. So some of that impacts cash. Some
of that impacts margins relative to repowering installations this year. The good news is this is all part of a
long-term extension given the administration's commitment to the energy transition, to the role of both
onshore and relatedly offshore wind in that transition.

So if you take the decade-long view, the impetus or the imperative for us is really to manage these
businesses better to generate better margins -- operating margins. But in the short term, we've got some
additional pressures just given the reduction in demand that will follow the uncertainty around the tax
incentives. And they hit us hard because the North American market, the U.S. market is clearly the best
onshore wind market for us on a global basis.

Operator

Our next question is from Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank.

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I was hoping to dig into the supply chain challenges a little bit here. And I know it's kind of become a little
bit spread across a lot of your business, as you mentioned that it's becoming challenging in Aviation as
well. But Larry, are you seeing any signs of abatement there? We've heard a few companies talk about the
view that like August and September, where the pinnacle of supply chain challenges and things might be
easing a little bit. Would love to hear what GE is seeing.

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Nicole, I've talked to some of those CEOs. Some of those CEOs are friends of mine. I'm not sure we're
yet at a place where we would say that things are stable. We may have line of sight. We may have
improvements in one commodity or in one business. But almost without fail, the next day, right, a
commodity, a supplier, a logistics provider that we thought was good for the next 6 weeks or the next
6 months offers up a revision to that outlook. So I think I've used a phrase I probably shouldn't, but I'll
repeat it. It really is akin to playing Whac-A-Mole, right? By business, by commodity, by geography, it just
seems like every day, there's new news to battle with.

I couldn't be more pleased with the way our team is navigating all of this, both in terms of availability and
cost. We've got new procurement leadership in a number of businesses. We're really trying to make sure
that we're true to our lean imperative of safety, quality, delivery and cost in that order. We don't want to
have a short-term Band-Aid that costs us long term. But it really is a tactical, muscular endeavor right
now that we're working our way through.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

You've heard others. You've heard some of the key suppliers talk about electronic components likely to
be at least a 2-, 3-quarter challenge, maybe longer. That's important for us in certain businesses and
certainly in some of our higher-margin businesses. But we're working through it. It's probably more
challenging, if not more challenging than I've ever seen in my career. But we'll work our way through it.
Things will level out in time. And I think that given this was an area where we wanted to strengthen our
operational capabilities, while it's more challenging in the short term, we'll be better for it medium to long
term.

Operator

Yes. And our final question is from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Larry, can you give a little more color into how you're thinking about Healthcare revenue and margin going
forward? I know you mentioned that growth could have been 9 points higher. And you obviously have very
strong orders despite the weaker revenues. So do you get those 9 points back in '22? And/or does the
backlog you're building give you confidence in the stronger-than-usual revenue environment in '22?

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Andy, for sure, right? And it's not our style to try to build back a better headline here. But that's 9 points
of real pressure given the supply chain issues that Nicole was just probing us on. And again, I think
Carolina mentioned that the Ford ventilator effort a year ago for the HHS was a significantly tough comp.

But if you look at the 19% orders growth, if you look at what's happening both in the public and
the private spheres, plus what we're doing increasingly both from a commercial and from a product
perspective, we've talked about the opportunity to take this business from a low single-digit grower in the
mid-single-digit range to grow margins in the 25 to 70 basis points over time.

I've got more conviction about our potential to do that than I did a year ago. Just off a U.K. trip where I
had some quality time with a number of our business leaders over there, our PDx business in particular,
lots of good things going on. We've got a CEO transition here in the offing that we're excited about.
Kieran Murphy has done a heck of a job with that business. Pete Arduini coming in is, I think, very much
committed to those types of expectations. He's certainly coming because he's excited about the potential
that he sees across the GE Healthcare portfolio.

So we wish it weren't as much of a camouflage, the headline here given the supply chain issues. We'll
work through it and just feel like this is a strong business that will get stronger over time.

Steven Eric Winoker
Vice President of Investor Relations

Larry, we're out of time, but any final comments?

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Steve, I know we're over. But let me just, if I may, take a moment to thank our employees and our
partners around the world for what are truly extraordinary efforts here given the pandemic and the recent
challenges. My thanks go out to everybody. We're operating from a position of strength today.

I also want to thank our investors for their continued support. And we certainly appreciate your interest,
your investment in our company and your time today. Steve and the IR team, as always, stand ready to
help and assist in any way possible as you consider GE in your investment processes.

Steven Eric Winoker
Vice President of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Thank you. Thanks, John.

Operator
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating, and you
may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

