Generac Holdings Inc. NYSE:GNRC
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 28, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

EPS 
Normalized 

2.32

2.39

Revenue  (mm)

867.14

919.98

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-28-2021 1:25 PM GMT

3.02

6.09

2.57

10.13

11.42

-

938.15

3612.24

4138.61

2800.00

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.71

1.96

1.88

2.32

2.08

2.12

2.38

2.39

21.64 %

8.16 %

26.60 %

3.02 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
GENERAC HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Aaron P. Jagdfeld
President, CEO & Chairman

Michael W. Harris
Vice President of Corporate
Development & Investor Relations

York A. Ragen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

ANALYSTS

Brian Paul Drab
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Christopher D. Glynn
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Philip Shen
ROTH Capital Partners, LLC,
Research Division

Jeffrey David Hammond
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Thomas Allen Moll
Stephens Inc., Research Division

John Booth Lowe
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Joseph Amil Osha
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Mark Wesley Strouse
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Pearce Wheless Hammond
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

GENERAC HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Second Quarter 2021
Generac Holdings Inc. Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]

At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Mike Harris, Vice President,
Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Sir, please begin.

Michael W. Harris
Vice President of Corporate Development & Investor Relations

Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter 2021 earnings call. I'd like to thank everyone for
joining us this morning. With me today is Aaron Jagdfeld, President and Chief Executive Officer; and York
Ragen, Chief Financial Officer.

We will begin our call today by commenting on forward-looking statements. Certain statements made
during this presentation, as well as other information provided from time to time by Generac or its
employees, may contain forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements. Please see our earnings
release or SEC filings for a list of words or expressions that identify such statements and the associated
risk factors.

In addition, we will make reference to certain non-GAAP measures during today's call. Additional
information regarding these measures, including reconciliation to comparable U.S. GAAP measures, is
available in our earnings release and SEC filings.

I will now turn the call over to Aaron.

Aaron P. Jagdfeld
President, CEO & Chairman

Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Our second quarter results
were incredibly strong with broad-based revenue growth of 68% and with all-time records once again for
the company this quarter for net sales, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS. We're particularly proud of
achieving this tremendous top line growth, along with the record levels of adjusted earnings, despite the
ongoing significant cost pressures, logistics challenge and various capacity constraints we faced in the
quarter across the supply chain.

I'd like to thank our teams for their ongoing commitment to our customers. Their dedication and tireless
execution have helped us to largely overcome the incredible supply chain challenges that have become
commonplace in today's post-pandemic operating environment.

Second quarter revenue, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS were all ahead of our expectations. The
revenue outperformance was highlighted by higher shipments of home standby generators as build
rates for the quarter were ahead of our previous guidance due to strong operational execution. Demand
for home standby generators remains incredibly robust due to a variety of factors, including continued
traction with the Home as a Sanctuary mega trend, as well as significantly higher power outage activity
over the past several quarters.

Revenue from global C&I products also outperformed expectations during the quarter, both domestically
and internationally, highlighted by national telecom and rental customers and growth within the European
region. The revenue outperformance in these areas was partially offset by lower-than-expected shipments
of portable generators, primarily due to supply chain constraints, which has led to lower preseason
stocking levels with our retail channel partners.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

GENERAC HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Adjusted EBITDA dollars were also ahead of our previous forecast, driven mainly by the higher shipping
levels, but EBITDA margin was slightly below our expectations given the higher input costs in the quarter.

Year-over-year, overall net sales increased 68% to $920 million and also increased sequentially at a
strong rate relative to the first quarter of 2021, which was the previous all-time record. The growth in
the quarter was driven by broad-based strength across the business as both residential and C&I products
grew dramatically as compared to the prior year. The growth in residential products was led by robust
shipments of home standby generators, which nearly doubled over the prior year due to record production
levels. Additionally, shipments of PWRcell energy storage systems experienced tremendous growth, both
over the prior year and sequentially as demand for clean energy solutions continues to rise alongside the
rapidly expanding solar-plus-storage market.

Shipments of C&I products also grew significantly in the quarter as demand continued to recover off the
prior year COVID lows at an accelerated rate across a number of markets and geographies and are now
solidly above 2019 levels.

Adjusted EBITDA increased 77% as compared to the prior year with the corresponding margin increasing
120 basis points and adjusted EPS increasing 71%.

Now discussing our second quarter results in more detail, despite strong prior year comparisons due to
the emergence of the Home as a Sanctuary mega trend and elevated outage levels, home consultations
or sales leads for home standby generators remained strong during the second quarter and increased
approximately 50% as compared to the second quarter of 2020. Consistent with the trends seen over the
past year, the strength was broad-based across the U.S. with nearly all states experiencing growth again
in the quarter with more than half of all states showing triple growth -- triple-digit growth, led by Texas.
Activations of home standby generators, which are a proxy for installations, also grew again at a strong
rate compared to the prior year with broad-based strength across all U.S. regions, including exceptional
growth in the Northeast and South Central regions.

Overall outage activity, as measured on a trailing 4-quarter basis, continued to be much higher relative
to the prior comparable period and was well above the long-term baseline average, helping to drive
awareness of the home standby category. In addition, we continue to expand our distribution footprint as
we ended the second quarter with more than 8,000 residential dealers, adding over 300 new dealers in
the quarter. The build-out of distribution remains a critical focus area as we have added approximately 700
dealers since the start of the year and 1,300 dealers over the last 12 months, which includes the addition
of a number of new dealers in California and Texas that represent nearly 1/3 of the increase.

Early in the third quarter, these key demand metrics for home standby have continued to trend even
higher relative to prior year levels, including home consultations increasing at a strong double-digit rate.
We believe the ongoing strength in the product category can be attributed to several factors, which are
leading to home standby generators becoming more mainstream as homeowners have an increasing
awareness of the need for power security as they are working, learning, shopping, entertaining and, in
general, spending more time in their homes.

Earlier this month, we achieved a significant milestone by starting production of home standby generators
at our new manufacturing facility in Trenton, South Carolina. This facility will provide much-needed
capacity to further ramp our daily home standby build rates in an effort to reduce lead times, which
remain elevated at approximately 28 weeks. With the successful start-up of Trenton, combined with a
number of other capacity expansion activities, we're now anticipating higher production levels relative
to previous expectations. And as a result, we have moderately increased our shipment outlook for these
products during the second half of 2021.

In addition, we remain on track to an approximate doubling of our current build rates by the end of
the second quarter of 2022, which is nearly 4x greater than our previous baseline output levels at the
beginning of last year.

I also want to provide an update on our rapidly growing clean energy product offering. As previously
mentioned, we experienced a dramatic increase in shipments of PWRcell energy storage systems during

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

GENERAC HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

the second quarter, which was aided, in part, by a softer prior year comparison as the overall solar
market was negatively impacted by a sharp drop in installations due to the onset of COVID-19 pandemic.
Shipments of PWRcell systems also experienced strong growth sequentially as we gained further traction
in the rapidly expanding solar-plus-storage market.

In addition to the strong revenue growth, key performance indicators for clean energy continue to show
favorable trends. In-home and virtual consultations expanded at very strong rates as compared to
the prior year and sequential trends were also encouraging. System activations, which are a proxy for
installations and commissioning, grew at a tremendous rate during the second quarter as compared to the
prior year and also improved on a sequential basis. In addition, we further built out our installer network
during the quarter, and we ended the first half of the year with approximately 2,200 trained and certified
dealers with nearly 900 of those dealers registered on our PowerPlay CE selling system.

As we indicated on the previous quarter's earnings call, demand for clean energy products has been
outpacing supply, which is limiting our growth rates for the category. Throughout the second quarter,
strong end market dynamics around energy storage, coupled with our marketing and distribution
initiatives, resulted in further strengthening of demand for clean energy products. In addition, our teams
made important progress during the quarter with our supply chain execution regarding PWRcell energy
storage components. As a result, we're increasing our full year revenue outlook and now expect clean
energy shipments to approximately double as compared to the prior year. In addition, we're driving
profitable growth within the product category as we scale volumes and optimize the supply chain.

As we've also discussed on recent calls, we have an exciting pipeline of innovative clean energy products
expected to come to market over the next several quarters. These launches include generator integration
with our PWRcell storage systems, the ability to more efficiently add a PWRcell system to an existing solar
install, the launch of a new DC output generator that can be combined with solar and storage to allow
an end user to operate independently in the power grid and a new load management system that will be
paired with our existing PWRview energy monitoring platform to allow a homeowner to more fully control
their power generation and consumption.

In addition, we're making our PWRcell systems smart grid ready, which will enable them to be used in
virtual power plant applications using Enbala's Concerto software platform. We believe these product
launches will further enhance our competitive position and differentiation in the energy storage,
monitoring and management markets as we look to further build out our clean energy offerings into a
complete ecosystem of products and solutions for installers and end users.

Consistent with this approach, in early July, we entered the large and growing microinverter market
for solar applications with the acquisition of Chilicon Power. Based in Los Angeles, California, Chilicon
is the designer and provider of grid-interactive microinverter and monitoring solutions for the solar
market. Recall that the solar-plus-storage attachment rates are currently between 20% and 25%, which
essentially means we weren't participating in 75% to 80% of the market that is focused on solar-only
installations. This strategic acquisition will dramatically increase our served market and help us deepen
our relationships with solar channel partners and installers as we expand our clean energy product suite to
include microinverters.

Industry sources estimate the global market for microinverters and optimizers used in residential
applications to be approximately $2.5 billion for 2020 and is projected to grow to approximately $4.5
billion by the end of 2023. We have a proven track record of developing leading energy solutions, and
we intend to apply the same playbook that we have previously used for other acquisitions in the space
with a focus on scaling the business through our innovative lead-generation capabilities, our omnichannel
distribution approach, the implementation of a variety of cost-out actions and by leveraging Generac's
extensive supply chain expertise.

I'd also like to provide a brief update on Enbala Power Networks, a leading grid services technology
provider that we acquired last fall. We are making good progress with the deep integration of Enbala's
Concerto software platform with our existing products. And today, we now have this smart grid ready
functionality available for all of our C&I natural gas generators, home standby generators and our PWRcell
energy storage systems.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

GENERAC HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Also, over the last several quarters, Enbala has been working closely with Generac's commercial sales
teams on potential projects with utilities, cooperatives and energy aggregators, which has led to a
considerable increase in quoting and proposal activities for the business so far in 2021.

As the market for grid services continues to develop, we believe combining our equipment hardware with
Enbala's software is a critical first step by making Generac products smart grid ready, thereby allowing
them to operate as distributed energy resources known as DERs. These DERs can be aggregated into a
virtual power plant, or VPP, solution and bundled with turnkey services that should enable us to improve
our value proposition to end users, utilities and grid operators, allowing us to develop various new revenue
streams in the years ahead. These will not only include the existing Software-as-a-Service platform that
Enbala currently offers but could also include a variety of vertical operational services that enable a more
turnkey solution and ultimately even performance services that could deliver megawatts of power to
various potential customers.

The recent heat waves experienced in the U.S. this summer are an important example of the growing need
for utilities and grid operators to expand their use of grid services and DER assets. At one point in late
June, Enbala enabled the deployment of hundreds of megawatts of its connected fleet to maintain grid
stability, predominantly in the Pacific Northwest and Northeast, in response to the extreme temperatures
that created enormous demand spikes for power in those regions.

In these instances, the combination of grid services, software and systems, along with DER assets, were
used for flexibility response purposes to supplement traditional power plants. We believe systems, such
as Enbala's Concerto platform and DER assets like those provided by Generac, will become critically
important going forward for utilities and grid operators who will be tasked with providing stability and
resiliency across their networks as more renewable power, which is highly variable as brought online, and
as end users dramatically increase their consumption with the electrification of everything from heating
and cooling to transportation over the next decade.

In addition to the great performance of our residential products in the second quarter, our C&I products
also had a tremendous quarter as demand across a number of markets and geographies continued to
recover at a faster pace than we had previously expected. Net sales of C&I stationary generators through
our North American distributor channels grew again in the quarter at a solid rate with quoting, project
activity and order volumes further recovering from the pandemic-related lows of last year with growth well
ahead of 2019 levels, and we expect attractive growth for this channel for the full year.

We're also experiencing encouraging growth with the Energy Systems business, our industrial distributor
in Northern California that we acquired last year as our investments, integration activities and overall
increased focus are producing excellent results in this large and rapidly growing power generation market.

Shipments and telecom national account customers increased significantly during the quarter as compared
to the prior year, and we're well ahead of our expectations as capital spending by several of our larger
telecom customers accelerated and led to a further increase in projected shipments during the current
year.

The catalyst for the additional spending on backup power in this important vertical continues to be driven
by an elevated power outage environment over the last several years, the power security mandate in
California requiring a minimum of 72 hours of backup power at all tower locations and the build-out of
wireless carriers 5G networks. The long-term demand outlook for telecom backup power remains very
compelling, driven by the increasingly critical nature of wireless communications as this infrastructure
shifts to the next-generation architecture.

Shipments of mobile-generated -- mobile products to national rental account customers were also higher
during the second quarter as compared to the very soft prior year, which was negatively impacted by
the pandemic. We still expect shipments of mobile products for full year 2021 to improve dramatically
from prior year levels as national rental account customers significantly increase their spending on fleet
equipment with utilization and rental rates continuing to improve.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

GENERAC HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Longer term, we remain optimistic about demand for mobile products with the compelling mega trend
around the critical need for infrastructure improvements, which could finally benefit from economic
stimulus plans being pursued by the current administration.

Additionally, we continue to gain important traction with our lead gas initiatives through increased quoting
activity and improved project close rates for our natural gas generators used in applications beyond
traditional emergency standby power generation, such as their use in microgrids or other distributed
generation applications.

Quoting activity and the sales pipeline is growing significantly for these project opportunities, and revenue
for these applications increased at a substantial rate during the second quarter as compared to the prior
year, and the outlook has further increased for full year 2021.

This is an emerging part of our C&I business that had good momentum entering the year. And with the
major winter-related outages in Texas and the extreme heat waves occurring this summer, we're seeing
increased interest and demand for these solutions.

To support the growing opportunities we see in our C&I business, we announced the closing of Deep Sea
Electronics on June 1, an advanced controls designer and manufacturer headquartered in the United
Kingdom. We believe Deep Sea's high level of technical expertise and the added engineering bandwidth
their team will give us will be critical to helping us develop and accelerate our product road map for the
future, bolstering our electronics and controls capabilities and supporting further innovation to meet
dynamic needs of the evolving energy technology solutions market.

As we advance the use of our products and applications beyond standby power, the need for complex
systems level controls for distributed generation, storage and other DER assets used in microgrid
applications will serve as a key enabler of the decentralization of the power grid in the future.

Similar to our domestic C&I products, demand internationally has also rebounded strongly in recent
quarters with shipments increasing at a core rate of 45% in the second quarter compared to the prior
year. This growth was primarily due to strength the European and Latin American regions, which
experienced a sharp increase in demand as end markets recovered off the pandemic-induced prior year
lows.

While some COVID-19 impacts and restrictions are still lingering in several international regions, larger
project quoting and overall order activity continued to recover at a faster-than-expected pace. This is
leading to growth in our international backlog at the end of the second quarter with the order strength
continuing early on here in the third quarter.

Stronger organic growth, combined with the Deep Sea acquisition, are both driving our revenue outlook
for the International segment higher than previously expected for the full year. In addition, adjusted
EBITDA margins are expected to expand considerably in the second half of the year, primarily benefiting
from the impact of the inclusion of Deep Sea's results as well as from improved operating leverage on the
higher sales volumes.

In closing this morning, we believe our recent strategic acquisitions are important examples of our ability
to leverage our strong financial position to further expand our capabilities and advance our strategy
as we continue our transition into an energy technology solutions company. We remain focused on
developing innovative solutions that enable, protect and improve the efficiency of next-generation power,
communications, transportation and other critical infrastructure. And going forward, we intend to continue
investing aggressively in a number of strategic initiatives, both organically and through acquisitions, that
we believe can help to accelerate these efforts.

I'd now like to turn the call over to York to provide further details on our second quarter results and our
updated outlook for 2021. York?

York A. Ragen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

GENERAC HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Thanks, Aaron. Looking at second quarter 2021 results in more detail. Net sales increased 68% to $920
million during the second quarter of 2021, an all-time record, as compared to $546.8 million in the
prior year second quarter. The combination of the Energy Systems, Mean Green, Enbala and Deep Sea
acquisitions and the favorable impact from foreign currency had an approximate 4% impact on revenue
growth during the quarter.

Briefly looking at consolidated net sales for the second quarter by product class. Residential product sales
increased 76% to $600 million as compared to $341.4 million in the prior year. As Aaron already discussed
in detail, home standby generator sales continue to experience robust growth, which nearly doubled
during the second quarter, as shipments benefited from much higher production levels for these products
as compared to the prior year. Shipments of PWRcell energy storage systems also grew at a dramatic rate
as compared to the prior year as the solar-plus-storage market in the U.S. continues to rapidly expand
and as we build out our marketing and distribution capabilities selling into the clean energy space.

Portable generators also increased at a solid rate versus prior year due to the higher power outage
severity in recent quarters, and shipments of chore products also improved at a strong rate, in part, due
to the electrification of our product lines.

Commercial and industrial product net sales for the second quarter of 2021 increased 64% to $254.3
million as compared to $154.9 million in the prior year quarter. There was an approximate 7% benefit to
net sales during the quarter from the impacts of the Deep Sea acquisition and favorable foreign currency.
The very strong core revenue growth was, in part, aided by the softer prior year comparison due to the
COVID-19 pandemic. However, C&I revenue also grew 6% on a core basis as compared to 2019 levels.

The strength in shipments compared to prior year was due to broad-based growth across a number
of markets and geographies as demand is recovering at an accelerated rate, both domestically and
internationally, in the following areas.

Domestically, the growth was due to a substantial increase in shipments to telecom national account
customers, resulting from much higher capital spending as they continue to harden their wireless
networks. Shipments of mobile products recovered significantly compared to the soft prior year
comparison as our rental account customers accelerated their fleet replacement given higher utilization
and rental rates. Also contributing to the increase was solid growth with our industrial distributors as well
as an increase in other project opportunities as we gain traction with our lead gas initiatives.

Internationally, the increase in C&I products, as previously mentioned, was primarily due to an increase in
market activity, mostly in the European and Latin American regions that are recovering sharply from the
impacts of the pandemic that existed during the prior year.

Net sales for the other products and services category, primarily made up of aftermarket service parts,
product accessories, extended warranty revenue, remote monitoring and grid services subscription
revenue and other service offerings, increased 30% to $65.7 million as compared to $50.6 million in the
second quarter of 2020. There was an approximate 9% benefit to net sales during the quarter from the
impacts of the Energy Systems and Enbala acquisitions and favorable foreign currency. In addition, we
experienced very strong growth in aftermarket service parts as a result of the higher power outage activity
in recent quarters. A larger and growing installed base of our products and additional extended warranty
revenue also contributed to the increase versus prior year.

Gross profit margin was 36.9% as compared to 38.2% in the prior year second quarter, which was
impacted by higher input costs in the current year that were partially offset by improved pricing and more
favorable overhead absorption from the higher sales volumes.

Operating expenses increased $37.4 million or 31.3% as compared to the second quarter of 2020 but
declined 460 basis points as a percentage of revenue, excluding intangible amortization, due to the strong
operating leverage on substantially higher sales volumes in the current year quarter.

As a result, adjusted EBITDA before deducting for noncontrolling interest, as defined in our earnings
release, was an all-time record of $217.7 million or 23.7% of net sales as compared to $123.1 million or
22.5% of net sales in the prior year. This 120 basis point improvement in EBITDA margin was primarily the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

GENERAC HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

result of the improved leverage of the fixed operating expenses on the much higher sales volumes being
partially offset by the aforementioned decline in gross margin.

I will now briefly discuss financial results for our 2 reporting segments. Domestic segment sales increased
70% to $784.1 million as compared to $460.8 million in the prior year quarter with the impact of
acquisitions contributing approximately 2% of the revenue growth for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA for the
segment was $203.9 million or 26% of net sales as compared to $121.3 million in the prior year or 26.3%
of net sales.

International segment sales increased 57.8% to $135.8 million as compared to $86.1 million in the
prior year quarter with the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency contributing approximately 13%
of the revenue growth for the quarter. Going forward, the financial results for Deep Sea Electronics
will be included in our international segment, primarily within C&I product class. Adjusted EBITDA for
the segment before deducting for noncontrolling interests was $13.7 million or 10.1% of net sales as
compared to $1.9 million or 2.2% of net sales in the prior year. The increase in international segment
margin was primarily due to improved operating leverage on the higher sales volumes and the impact of
the Deep Sea acquisition.

Now switching back to our financial performance for the second quarter of 2021 on a consolidated basis.
As disclosed in our earnings release, GAAP net income attributable to the company in the quarter was
$127 million as compared to $66.1 million for the second quarter of 2020. GAAP income taxes during the
current year second quarter was $46.4 million or an effective tax rate of 26.6% as compared to $18.5
million or an effective tax rate of 22.5% for the prior year. The increase in effective tax rate was primarily
due to a discrete tax item resulting from a legislative tax rate change in the United Kingdom, which
revalued deferred tax liabilities by $7 million or approximately 4% tax rate impact during the current year
quarter.

Diluted net income per share for the company on a GAAP basis was $2.01 in the second quarter of 2021
compared to $1.02 in the prior year. Adjusted net income for the company, as defined in our earnings
release, was $153.2 million in the current year quarter or $2.39 per share, which was also an all-time
record. This compares to adjusted net income of $88.5 million in the prior year or $1.40 per share.

Cash income taxes for the second quarter of 2021 were $37.4 million as compared to $13.9 million in the
prior year quarter. The current year reflects an expected cash income tax rate of approximately 21% to
21.5% for the full year 2021, which is higher than the previously expected rate of approximately 20.5%
for 2021, primarily the result of higher intangible amortization from the Deep Sea acquisition, which is not
deductible for tax purposes.

Also, the 21% to 21.5% cash tax rate compares to the prior year rate of 17% that was anticipated in the
second quarter of 2020. The increase in the current year cash tax rate versus prior year is primarily due to
a significant increase in domestic pretax income, which is taxed at a higher statutory rate.

Cash flow from operations was once again robust at $122.5 million as compared to $101.8 million in the
prior year second quarter. And free cash flow, as defined in our earnings release, was $96.3 million as
compared to $89 million in the same quarter last year. Both operating and free cash flow represented
records for the second quarter of the year. The increase in cash flow was primarily due to higher operating
earnings in the current year quarter, which was partially offset by a higher level of income taxes paid and
capital expenditures in the current year, which included the new facility in Trenton, South Carolina.

Before discussing our updated outlook for 2021, I want to comment briefly on our strong liquidity position
at the end of the second quarter of 2021. In May, we amended our ABL facility, increasing its size from
$300 million to $500 million and extending the maturity date from June 2023 to May 2026, along with
reducing the LIBOR spread to 100 to 125 basis points depending on availability under the revolver. As
of June 30, 2021, we had $830 million of liquidity comprised of $390 million of cash on hand and $440
million of availability on the ABL revolver.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

GENERAC HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Also, total debt outstanding at the end of the second quarter was $871 million, net of unamortized original
issue discount and deferred financing costs. Our gross debt leverage ratio at the end of the second quarter
was only 1.1x on an as-reported basis.

Further enhancing this attractive capital structure is our strong cash flow profile with free cash flow over
the last 12 months at $561 million, which allows us to confidently operate our business, accelerate our
strategy and further enhance shareholder value.

I would now like to provide some additional details on our increased outlook for full year 2021. As
Aaron highlighted earlier, there are several areas of the business where we are performing better than
expected. And as a result, we are raising our full year revenue outlook for 2021. In particular, the
company continues to make better-than-expected progress in increasing production rates for home
standby generators. And as a result, we are moderately increasing our shipment outlook for these
products for full year 2021. In addition, we are experiencing stronger-than-expected demand for our
PWRcell energy storage systems. And combined with additional supply chain execution and the closing of
the recent Chilicon acquisition, we are also increasing our shipment outlook for clean energy products as
well.

The outlook for C&I products has also improved due to a further broad-based rebound in demand
highlighted by a continued pickup in activity from telecom national account customers, overall stronger
demand from international markets and the closing of the Deep Sea acquisition.

As a result of these factors, we are increasing our full year 2021 net sales guidance to now be
approximately 47% to 50% growth compared to the prior year, which includes approximately 3% of
favorable impact from acquisitions and foreign currency. This is an increase from our previous as-reported
guidance of 40% to 45% growth with the majority of the improvement being organic growth. Importantly,
this guidance assumes a level of power outages for the remainder of the year in line with the long-term
baseline average. Consistent with our historical approach, this outlook does not assume the benefit of
another major power outage event in the second half of the year.

Looking at seasonality for the second half of the year, revenue is expected to increase sequentially in the
third quarter as compared to the second quarter with an even higher sequential improvement anticipated
for the fourth quarter as we further scale home standby production and clean energy shipments.

Updating our margin outlook for the full year 2021, we continue to experience higher input costs relative
to our previous guidance due to rising commodities and significantly higher logistics costs. To address
these higher input costs, we implemented additional pricing actions during the second quarter across our
product lines, and we continue to focus on cost-reduction initiatives through our profitability enhancement
program. However, given our current backlog situation, we do not expect to realize these margin
enhancements until the fourth quarter and into 2022. As a result of these factors, we now expect gross
margins for full year 2021 to be approximately flat as compared to the prior year, which compares to the
previous expectation of an approximate 50 basis point increase.

Adjusted EBITDA margins before deducting for noncontrolling interests are now expected to be
approximately 24.5% to 25% as compared to the previous guidance range of 24.5% to 25.5% and up
from the 23.5% margin in the prior year. From a seasonality perspective, we expect adjusted EBITDA
margins during the third quarter to be slightly lower relative to the second quarter, primarily due to the
start-up of the Trenton, South Carolina facility and higher operating expense investments. However,
adjusted EBITDA margin is forecasted to improve sequentially in the fourth quarter, returning closer to the
first quarter levels as a result of pricing realization, improved sales mix, favorable overhead absorption
and other margin enhancement initiatives.

Several additional guidance items that we provide to assist with modeling adjusted earnings per share and
free cash flow also require updating for 2021. As mentioned previously, our cash income tax rate is now
expected to be approximately 21% to 21.5% for the full year 2021, which is higher than the previously
expected rate of approximately 20.5% for 2021.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

GENERAC HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Interest expense is now expected to be approximately $32 million, assuming no additional principal
payments and flat LIBOR rates for the remainder of the year. This compares to the previous guidance of
approximately $34 million with the decline primarily due to a lower weighted average interest rate for
the year. Our capital expenditures for 2021 as a percentage of forecasted net sales are now projected to
be at the higher end of the previous guidance range of between 2.5% to 3% due to additional capacity
expansion actions.

GAAP intangible amortization expense for 2021 is now forecast to be approximately $49 million to $50
million as compared to the previous guidance of approximately $34 million to $35 million, which is due
to the closing of the Deep Sea and Chilicon acquisitions and the related preliminary purchase price
allocations.

Stock compensation expense is now expected to be approximately $24 million, which is at the high end of
the previous guidance range of between $20 million to $24 million, also due to the recent acquisitions.

Finally, the following remaining miscellaneous guidance items remain unchanged. Our GAAP effective tax
rate is still expected to be between 22.5% to 23.5% for the full year. Depreciation expense is still forecast
to be approximately $40 million in 2021 given our assumed capital spending guidance. Operating and free
cash flow generation for full year 2021 is expected to remain strong with the conversion of adjusted net
income to free cash flow still anticipated to be approximately 90%, and our full year diluted share count is
still expected to be approximately 64 million to 64.5 million shares.
This concludes our prepared remarks. At this time, we'd like to open up the call for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

GENERAC HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question or comment comes from the line of Mike Halloran from Baird.

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

So I just want to clarify the comments that were just made by York there. If I heard you right, based
on the timing of the capacity additions coming in, you should see acceleration in -- basically throughput
through the facilities, 3Q into 4Q. Concurrently, you should see some margin normalization as -- if the
right pricing comes through as you get a little more normalization. So is the implication, therefore, that
the jumping-off point into 2022 should be at a higher run rate relative to what you're seeing today as all
those things start normalizing out for you? Or am I thinking about that wrong?

York A. Ragen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Yes. Mike, this is York. So I think, like I said in my comments, we do expect Q4 margins to return closer
to Q1 levels as Q2, Q3, we see these -- the transitory impact of our higher input costs. So I guess, to that
end, Q4 looking similar to Q1, I guess that's the jumping-off point into 2022. Obviously, we need to roll up
our 2022 budgets to figure out what that looks like next year, but we feel good and confident that margins
will at least get back to where they were in Q1 by Q4.

Operator

Our next question or comment comes from the line of Tommy Moll from Stephens.

Thomas Allen Moll
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Good to hear you've now cut the ribbon in Trenton and are on track to hit the run rate there by I think
you said Q2 of next year which would reflect a doubling of capacity. So could you walk us through the
operational goals you have to get from here to there? And then when you get there next year, just doing
the rough math, would we be wrong to think about your residential revenue potential is just a doubling of
the $600 million that you just put up? Or is that not the right way to think about it?

Aaron P. Jagdfeld
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes, Tommy. This is Aaron. The doubling is the max capacity that we would have in total for home standby
products by Q2 of next year, the doubling that we refer to, the doubling of where we're at today once
everything in Trenton is online. And again, we -- what we're trying to do is build some surge capacity into
the system. We've lost that over the last couple of years as the market's growth in home standby has
outstripped our pacing of output, so we're hoping to build some additional surge capacity because that
business needs that. There's just -- the periods of growth are hallmarked by outage events and other
types of things that happen in the external markets, and you have to react to that. And again, we've lost
a little bit of -- we've lost the ability to get some upside as a result of where we're at today. So that's what
we're building out.

In terms of operational kind of milestones or things that we're focused on here over the next, call it, 9
months as we bring that facility fully online. Right now, we're in the initial start-up phase. We actually
were fortunate to get in there right at the beginning of the month, which is amazing. It's 4.5 months from
when we took occupancy of the facility. So what our team has done there, I'm incredibly proud of. They've
worked very, very hard to bring that facility up. We've got about 300 and some employees in the facility
today. We've just brought on a second shift. And so what we're pacing to is to have about 800 employees
in that facility by the end of the year, and that won't get us to the doubling that we're talking about here.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

GENERAC HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

What gets us even further is the addition of some further manufacturing tooling and automation
equipment that we'll be adding into the facilities in Q1 and Q2. And so the addition of that equipment,
those additional pieces of equipment is really what takes us to the full potential run rate of that facility by
Q2 of next year.

Operator

Our next question or comment comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America.

Thomas Allen Moll
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Yes. Just further on that question, I just wanted to verify. When you quote the backlog in weeks, I think
you said it was still 28 weeks, which is similar to what you said last quarter, is that apples-to-apples on the
denominator? In other words, when you quoted the 28 weeks last quarter, was that based on the capacity
pre-Trenton, and now you're basing on the capacity with Trenton? Or how do we think about that? What is
the 28 weeks actually based on? We've written in our notes that we think the backlog is closer to $1 billion
in dollar terms. I'm just trying to get a sense if that is build directionally in the right ballpark?

Aaron P. Jagdfeld
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. Ross, the way to think about that is the quoted lead time would be the lead time today, right? So
when we gave that update on the last earnings call, we were quoting it based off of what our expected
production rate was going to be in the future. And that's how that's -- and based on order volume and
the quantum of the backlog you noted there in your question. That all goes into calculating the backlog.
So when we're giving that update again this quarter and the fact that it hasn't changed, yet we have
higher production levels in the future, we've also, as we indicated in the prepared remarks, we've been
experiencing higher incoming order rates. So that kind of matches up with the higher expected production
at this stage.

Now what remains to be seen, as we've said throughout, is kind of how the season plays out in terms of
hurricanes, in terms of power safety shutoffs, around potential for wildfires out West and in other parts of
the country. Our guidance doesn't contemplate any of that in there.

Now we're not guiding lead times, but what would happen mathematically is as the order rate -- as the
output -- excuse me, as the production rate kind of outstrips the order rate over time, the lead times
would come in.

We're still expecting a considerable backlog at this point by the end of the year. I don't know what that
exactly will translate to in terms of lead time because we need to understand what the order rate is at
that point and also where we're at on the output levels and how we're thinking about our ability to hit that
doubling that we've talked about by Q2.

So it's a -- there's a lot of math that goes into it, and then there's a bit of a forecast as well, obviously, on
where we think things are going. But at this stage, it's -- the demand has been incredibly robust. We said
this in the prepared remarks as well. even here in the third quarter in July, our IHCs or home consultation
sales leads for home standby are up again on very difficult comps compared to last year.

So I mean, it's just -- it continues to amaze us, the interest level in the category and how that's
translating into real demand. So we're encouraged that that's very supportive of where we're going with
the category in terms of our expanded capacity. We think we're going to be in good shape for that. And
then, again, as I said, we'll let the season play out here to see how kind of things shape up as we exit
2021 and go into 2022.

Operator

Our next question or comment comes from the line of Philip Shen from ROTH Capital.

Philip Shen

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

GENERAC HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

ROTH Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division

To what degree are you guys considering yet another round of capacity expansion? Q2 '22 is -- it's not
right around the corner, but you have such visibility into the business now that, arguably, at some level,
maybe that's not enough. Do you think beyond Trenton there's either more expansion there or maybe
some more in Wisconsin or in yet another location altogether?

Aaron P. Jagdfeld
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. It's a good question, Phil, and one, obviously, we watch -- we're watching very closely, mainly on
the context that we were -- we've been unable -- largely unable to get ahead of demand with our output.
And that's why we've gone very heavy here with the Trenton investment. And essentially, what's going to
amount to a quadrupling of our output, potentially a quadrupling of our output by Q2 of next year versus
where we kind of came into the year last year as a baseline, if you want to use that as a baseline.

In terms of like adding additional capacity, I think a lot of that for us is going to come down to what kind
of a season plays out this fall. I think we feel pretty good about -- and remember, capacity is not just
about getting a building and equipment and hiring people. It's about the supply chain to support that.

So today, we're actually -- this is a process we've gone through pretty rigorously over the last several
years as we're constantly sizing the supply chain to be greater than our ability to produce. So we're
oversizing the supply chain because it takes longer to get your supply chain to grow. It's just -- it's a
longer -- a lot of times, you're looking for secondary or even tertiary sources. You have to qualify -- you
have to not only find those sources. You have to qualify them and get them ramped, and that generally
takes longer. As I said, it took us 4.5 months to get the building, get in there, get it ready to run and get
it producing product. And while it's not producing at the top rate that we expected to at this point, we're
there. It's kind of -- the start-up is getting behind us here, and we're growing.

But really, the supply chain. So we're sizing the supply chain actually larger than that point in Q2 of next
year. And so if we see a really strong season this fall and surges in demand off of that, we could react.
We do have some room to expand in Trenton. That facility, the area there that we acquired is expandable
to about 2.5x its size, if we chose to do that. We'd have to analyze whether or not that made sense or
if maybe more of the growth is out West. It really kind of depends. It might make more sense to have a
facility located closer to wherever we see the demand growth.

So we're going to watch it very closely. We're going to react very quickly. And I think we're going to
be in pretty good shape given the expansion in our own capacity by Q2 and then also the supply chain
expansion that we've been working on.

Operator

Our next question or comment comes from the line of Brian Drab from William Blair.

Brian Paul Drab
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

I'm just going to ask a question about the Chilicon acquisition. And can you comment on what sort of
demand were you seeing from channel partners for you to carry the product line that Chilicon enables?
And is there potential to see step function increase in shipments and revenue for the PWRcell business, in
general, just by opening up new channel relationships? And then do you have the capacity at Chilicon to
serve all of that?

Aaron P. Jagdfeld
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. Let me try to unpack some of that, Brian, because they are really good questions. Chilicon is a --
we're very excited about this acquisition. It's a small company, basically a start-up today, really like the
technology, really like what they've done with the product line in its early stages. We've got work to do to
scale it, of course. Today, it's contract manufacturer here in the U.S.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

GENERAC HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

We think that we can -- again, as we stated in the prepared remarks, we kind of put a playbook together
here for our approach to this with what we did with Pika. Recall that Pika was also a start-up, pretty
nascent. The demand was -- it was a very small company. And here we are, we're turning it into just an
amazing growth engine for us going forward. We think Chilicon is going to be all of that.

I mean the reason we went after this, we love storage, and we think storage fits really, really well with
our approach to the market from a resiliency standpoint in particular. But remember, you're only talking
about attachment rates to new solar of 20% to 25%. So in effect, as we try and develop channel partners
and as we try and develop our brands in this market, we're not participating in 75% to 80% of what goes
on in the market on the solar-only side. So the acquisition of Chilicon is really a way for us to continue to
build out what we're referring to internally as a supermarket. I think in our prepared remarks, we had an
ecosystem of products, but this -- a suite of products, but this is truly a supermarket approach. We want
to have a really broad product offering here from the microinverters themselves all the way through to the
storage pieces to our power generation assets that have been also well received by the solar channel, the
channel partners there.

So in terms of step function change, to answer your question directly, more to come on that. We've got
an Investor Day here at the end of September. We are going to be debuting these products at the Solar
Power International showdown in New Orleans in mid-September.

Our first kind of area of focus here is to take the existing Chilicon product. And in order to scale it, there
are some things we have to do to it. There's some design for manufacturability, considerations alongside
the development of the supply chain. We really intend to launch kind of a branded Generac portion -- a
Generac solution, if you will, of the kind of existing Chilicon technology sometime in really early Q2 of next
year. And I think that's when you would see and we would expect to see some inflection.

Much the same -- again, it's like Pika. It took us a good 6 months. By the end of the year, we bought
that -- we bought Pika, I think it was in April or May of '19, and it took us till really the beginning of 2020
before we were in the market with a Generac-branded solution there. Kind of a similar -- again, similar
playbook and a similar approach here and -- but I think that the result -- I mean, look, the served market
that we've basically acquired here, I mean, is massive. I mean it's a huge market that's dominated by 2
players.

And everybody, at least in the U.S., and every particular channel partner that we've talked to on the
solar side has told us that there's room for more competition. We're excited to hear that. We think that
competition should have a Generac brand on it. We think we're going to be able to use a lot of the things
that we've done to be successful in the short time we've been involved in this market with Pika and with
Neurio. We think we're going to be able to replicate that success very quickly with Chilicon, so pretty
exciting stuff ahead.

Operator

Our next question or comment comes from the line of Joseph Osha from Guggenheim.

Joseph Amil Osha
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just wondering if we can return to PWRcell a little bit. You've given us some comments about this year, but
I'm wondering as we sort of exit the year into 2022, if you can talk a little bit about the run rate you hope
to achieve.

York A. Ragen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Yes. No. I think we -- as we said in our prepared remarks, we upped our guidance to basically -- we're
looking to double that business here in 2021 relative to 2020. So I think we've -- we publicly said we did
about $115 million of sales last year, looking to double that here in 2021. And sequentially, that's going
to ramp from Q2 to Q3 and then again into Q4. So that we're looking to successively ramp our output
of those products over the quarters here and really into next year. That's the expectation. The market is

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

GENERAC HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

there. The demand is there. We've said publicly that the demand is outstripping our supply, and that's
what we're working on right now to ramp up 2022.

Aaron P. Jagdfeld
President, CEO & Chairman

And Joe, I would add to that the -- we look at other people that are serving this market, and there's some
fairly high-profile players that are -- they're constrained on supply as well and maybe even -- I would
say maybe even more so than where we're at. I mean we -- just in the second quarter, our growth in the
category, York, was...

York A. Ragen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

500% over the prior year.

Aaron P. Jagdfeld
President, CEO & Chairman

500% over the prior year. So I mean, we're -- that is a -- we're ripping higher with that product category,
and we're looking for big things as we exit this year and go into 2022. I think, again, you combine that
in my previous remarks here on Chilicon and you put that all together, and I think we're incredibly bullish
about the future with clean energy. It's -- in terms of not only the size of the TAM and the speed at which
it's growing. But when you think about storage, the speed at which attachment is growing as well, I mean,
their forecast for solar alone to grow 40% to 50% next year.

Attachment rates are going to grow maybe 30% next year from the 2025 they're at this year. You put all
that together and for us, it's -- as York said, demand is outstripping supply. So we're really scrambling to
add additional supply so that we can satisfy that increase that is coming at us here. So a lot of effort being
put on that internally and with our supply chain. And I feel like what we're building there is something
that's going to be really exciting in the future.

Operator

Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mark Strouse from JPMorgan.

Mark Wesley Strouse
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. York, I just wanted to go back to the guidance, please. So understand the EBITDA dollar outlook is
increasing. The margin goes down just a tad, though. Wondering if you could break down that between
input costs versus just mix. I mean it sounds to me like C&I might be a bit stronger than you were
expecting.

And then just a quick follow-up, sorry, just to -- not to steal your thunder from the Analyst Day, but do
you intend to update your long-term targets relatively soon?

York A. Ragen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Yes. I can see your point. We're looking to schedule an Analyst Day at the end of September, and that's
when we would be updating our long-term targets. So appreciate the ability to get that out there.

Relative -- the EBITDA margin bridge versus previous guidance, you're right, it only ticked down at the
midpoint of the range. It's only about a 25 basis point moderation there, and there are some moving
points inside there. So you're right about the cost bucket, the higher input costs probably did have about
a 1% impact on that guidance change, but we were able -- given the volume leverage on the higher sales
volumes you're talking about, that's probably -- that probably clawed back about 50 basis points of that
1%. And then from an M&A and mix standpoint, maybe there's another 25 basis points that you're clawing
back. So those were good guys offsetting the input cost bad guy. And so net-net, we just believe that
there's going to be some moderation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

GENERAC HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Once you get through -- the reality is steel costs have really gone up a lot since our last call, our last
guidance and so has logistics costs. Just the cost of 40-foot containers are up 4x in that window here,
so just battling through that. And the good news is we've got some price increases out there. And when
we start realizing those in Q4, we start ramping up and absorbing Trenton, South Carolina more and just
the better mix when you ship more home standby, coupled with some other cost-reduction efforts we're
working on. That's why we just -- we feel confident that we're going to be able to bring our gross margins
back up in Q4.

Operator

Our next question or comment comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer.

Christopher D. Glynn
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

So I think in the cash flow statement showed $419 million acquisitions. Wanted to unpack that a little bit.
I don't know if the funding of Chilicon pull forward into the second quarter despite the early July close.
And I don't know if there were are any earn-outs on any prior deals, but I just want to kind of unpack
that. And maybe I think you gave commentary on Deep Sea being -- or one of them being sort of start-up.
Wondering if the other one has more run rate business due in Generac.

York A. Ragen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Yes. No. So the cash flow statement, predominantly all of that was, in fact, Deep Sea. Chilicon did close
in July, so that's a Q3 event. But Deep Sea, you're right. It's -- that's an established business that's been
around for a real long time. Well known in the power generation industry in terms of advanced controls
and global business. We've talked about how it looks a little bit like acquisitions we've done in the past
with that were in that $50 million to $100 million range of established business. What was very different
about Deep Sea, though, is that their margin profile is much higher than what we've acquired in the past.
In fact, it's actually much higher than our corporate average here of 24.5% to 25%. So that acquisition
actually will be accretive from a margin standpoint, and we really like what that business is going to do for
us.

Operator

Our next question or comment comes from the line of Jeff Hammond from KeyBanc Capital.

Jeffrey David Hammond
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Just 2 final point questions. One, if you can quantify the start-up costs you had in 2Q and what you think
that's going to be into the second half. And then just you mentioned the portable kind of being held back
by supply chain. I was just wondering what's unique about the portable dynamic that held that back.

York A. Ragen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Yes. I think the start-up question, I think, specifically around the Trenton facility, there was some small
start-up costs in Q2 where there are going to be rough -- more start-up costs in Q3, which, again, is part
of the weighing down of margins here in Q3. But it's not huge. If it's a few million, $5 million, that would
be a lot. But there will be some start-up costs in Q3 more so than there were in Q2.

Aaron P. Jagdfeld
President, CEO & Chairman

And then, Jeff, on the portable, the comment there. So interestingly enough, there's kind of a little bit of
a something going on there in the portable industry. Many of the large customers are requesting or even
mandating carbon monoxide shut-off technology be put on all portable generators. So the large DIY retail
chains have done that, which has created a bit of a challenge around -- the technology itself is, as you

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

GENERAC HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

can imagine, with the semiconductor limited supply, there's more technology there on board a portable
generator than would traditionally have been involved. So that created a problem with the supply chain.
We're working through it.

Effectively, what's going to happen is we're not -- we weren't able to fill the channel to the level that the
channel wanted nor that we wanted here in Q2 when we would normally do that ahead of the season. So
we do have a lot of those products hopefully coming at us here in the third quarter, and I think the idea
would be there may be more opportunity.

If the season plays out, there could be opportunity to not only satisfy that increase in demand, but also
the channel restock on top of that. So could be a bit of a double hit if the season plays out strongly. We'll
have to see how that works. Again, our guidance doesn't contemplate that at this point because we don't
have any major outage events in our guide. But it's really kind of a unique thing with those product lines.

Operator

Our next question or comment comes from the line of J.B. Lowe from Citi.

John Booth Lowe
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

York, Mike, I just wanted to follow up on the cost aspect of the guide. What does the new margin guide
contemplate in terms of what the cost will do from here, both on commodities and logistics? And then I
guess on the pricing increases, is any of that net pricing? Or is it all just gross pass-through?

York A. Ragen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

On -- so yes, in terms of like our assumption on steel, copper, aluminum, we effectively assume that it
flatlines from where we're at today and same with logistics costs, maybe go up a little bit more because
we're seeing that currently as we're bringing product in the door.

What was the second question? I'm sorry. I missed the second question. Was it -- yes.

Aaron P. Jagdfeld
President, CEO & Chairman

All right. We can circle back with J.B.

York A. Ragen
CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

We can circle back with J.B. on that one.

Operator

Our next question or comment comes from the line of Pearce Hammond from Piper Sandler.

Pearce Wheless Hammond
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Yes. I'm just curious how you see the relationship between the PWRcell product and home standby
generators. Do they compete with one another? Or are they complementary? Just want to understand how
the growth in that PWRcell business could impact home standby generators.

Aaron P. Jagdfeld
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. It's a great question, Pearce. So at this stage of the game, they're actually very complementary.
What we're finding is that the person who buys a home standby generator is worried about long-duration
outages, So multi-day events that -- the kind that you typically see during a hurricane or an ice storm or

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

GENERAC HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

what you saw in Texas over that winter event or even some of the power safety shutoffs that have been
multiple days in length.

As much as we love the storage category today, the technology from a performance and cost standpoint
are just not competitive with long-duration outage protection that you can get from an engine-driven
genset.

Where storage has been largely coming in and coming on strong is for somebody who's really already
contemplating a solar system, so they're going to be able to generate their own power on the rooftop.
And they want to store that power for use at a later time, either because they can sell it advantageously
back to the utility or grid operator at a point in time when rates are higher during the day and gain
that arbitrage between their cost to produce versus their cost of sale or they want some limited outage
protection.

Certainly, resiliency is a piece of what people are looking at in the storage market. But we would just -- as
we've continued to say throughout, there -- each of those kind of markets, the home standby market and
the storage market are kind of concentric circles. And there's a bit of overlap, of course. And over time, as
storage technology continues to improve and as the cost continues to come down, it's plausible that you
could use storage products for long-duration outage, but it's got a long way to go before it gets to that
point on a cost-effective basis.

So -- in fact, we actually see quite a few customers that -- who have a solar system and they have the
storage device, they also want to add a generator for the long-duration protection, right? So they have the
short-duration protection with the battery product and also the ability to arbitrage on rate, help them save
some money on their power bills, but then they want to have a generator also for long-duration outage
protection. So we have customers that have all of the products actually. So very interesting to watch how
the market develops. But at least at this stage, they seem to be very complementary to one another.

Operator

Thank you. I'm showing no additional questions in the queue at this time. I'd like to turn the conference
back over to Mr. Mike Harris for any closing remarks.

Michael W. Harris
Vice President of Corporate Development & Investor Relations

We want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. We look forward to discussing our third quarter
2021 earnings results with you in late October. Thank you again, and goodbye.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You
may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

GENERAC HOLDINGS INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

