General Electric Company NYSE:GE
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, April 29, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.08

0.05

(37.50 %)

0.03

0.32

0.57

Revenue  (mm)

20344.69

20524.00

0.88

19468.96

85246.02

88147.15

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-29-2020 12:34 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.12

0.11

0.18

0.08

0.17

0.15

0.21

0.05

41.67 %

36.36 %

16.67 %

(37.50 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

14

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Carolina Dybeck Happe
Senior VP & CFO

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Steven Eric Winoker
Vice President of Investor
Communications

ANALYSTS

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Gautam J. Khanna
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Markus Mittermaier
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the First Quarter 2020 General Electric Company Earnings Conference
Call. My name is Brandon, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] Please note this
conference is being recorded.

And I will now turn it over to Steve Winoker, Vice President of Investor Communications. You may begin,
sir.

Steven Eric Winoker
Vice President of Investor Communications

Thanks, Brandon. Good morning, and welcome to GE's first quarter 2020 earnings call. I'm joined by our
Chairman and CEO, Larry Culp; and CFO, Carolina Dybeck Happe.

Before we start, I'd like to remind you that the press release and presentation are available on our
website. Note that some of the statements we're making are forward-looking and are based on our best
view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. As described in our SEC filings and on our
website, those elements can change as the world changes.

With that, I'll hand the call over to Larry.

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Steve, thanks. Good morning, everyone. We hope you and your families are healthy and safe. Our
thoughts are with all of those affected by this global pandemic. We recognize this is a very difficult and
challenging time for everyone. On behalf of GE, I want to express our gratitude to those on the front lines
and the medical community, many of whom we're privileged to call our customers, working tirelessly to
protect all of us. Thank you.

When we last spoke during our outlook call in March, we were encouraged by the continued strength
in Aviation and Healthcare and the progress made in Power and Renewables. In the 8 weeks since, the
world has fundamentally changed. As we all know, the COVID-19 pandemic evolved rapidly, hitting hard
and hitting fast. While this is an earnings call, our goal today is to provide you with the most current and
relevant information we have and as always, to be as open and transparent as we possibly can. So forgive
us if we run a little long today. The COVID-19 dynamics at GE, like the economy at large, are fluid and still
evolving but clearly challenging in the near term.

With that, I'll start with our response to COVID-19. Carolina, who is joining our earnings call for the first
time, will cover the financials, then I'll wrap with a more in-depth view of our current operations.

Moving to Slide 2. During this unprecedented time, we're focused on 3 areas. First, the health and
safety of our employees and our communities. We established a COVID-19 task force that is working
to ensure we're doing everything in our ability to protect the health and safety and aligning with the
various government directives and medical advisories in real time. To that end, we've encouraged
those employees who are not directly performing customer-facing essential jobs to work from home
wherever possible. But given the mission-critical work we do at GE, not everyone can stay home. I'd like
to acknowledge our employees out in the field and in our factories for their unwavering dedication as
they continue to deliver for our customers, supporting essential services like hospitals, power generation,
airlines and national defense. We're ensuring they have what they need to do their job safely. This
includes temperature screenings, face coverings and gloves as necessary and physical distancing, all
keeping with national, state and local guidelines. I'm also inspired by the support that our employees
have shown each other. We recently established an Employee Relief Fund and more than 75 senior leaders
across GE have contributed portions of their salary to support those affected by this crisis.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Our second priority is continuing to serve our customers. In Healthcare, we're ramping production of
critical medical equipment used to diagnose and treat COVID-19 patients, including respiratory, CT,
monitoring solutions, X-ray, anesthesia and point-of-care ultrasound product lines. Already, our team has
doubled production of ventilators and plans to double again by the end of June. Healthcare's digital and
AI solutions are helping hospitals remotely monitor multiple patients at once and automate rote tasks so
clinicians can spend more of their precious time focused on life-saving work. Across all of our businesses,
we're in constant communication with employees, customers, suppliers, and governments to maintain
business continuity without disruption.

Our third priority is preserving our strength. First and foremost, a sound liquidity is crucial and solidifying
our balance sheet remains a key focus. With the recent closing of the BioPharma transaction, we received
$20 billion of net proceeds. This provides GE with optionality to protect our company and remain flexible.
And importantly, we retained a $17 billion leading Healthcare business at the center of an ecosystem
striving for precision health. Preserving our strength in a time like this also requires a different operating
model. Here, I draw on my experience as a CEO managing through 9/11 and the global financial crisis.
There are 3 steps in this model: embrace reality, redefine winning and execute the plan. Easy to say, hard
to do.

Starting with embrace reality. This is necessary in a time like this when so much has changed and remains
uncertain. For us, it means recognizing that we're facing significant headwinds in Aviation, and we may be
for a while. We wish it were otherwise, but that's not our reality.

Next, redefine winning. We came into 2020 with a plan to define winning as profitable growth, margin
expansion and cash generation. Now we need to adjust to the altered environment to focus and inspire
our team. Let me share some ways we're doing this. While safety has always been a top priority for
GE, COVID-19 has reshaped our safety agenda. In terms of our financial priorities, improving our cash
generation and decremental margins in the second half are key focus areas. And in Healthcare, we clearly
didn't come into the year expecting to increase our ventilator production fourfold, but we will.

And finally, execute the plan. We're moving with speed, discipline and intensity to improve our cost
structure, targeting more than $2 billion of cost actions and more than $3 billion of cash actions. And this
is where lean is particularly relevant, from daily management through traditional [ com bond ] systems,
which help reset inventory levels, to do problem-solving tools we're rolling out across GE. Let me share a
recent example from Gas Power. In our Greenville facility, the team used lean to cut the distance that a
single part travels during production from 3 miles -- yes, 3 miles to a mere 165 feet, slashing the time it
took to make that part by 42%. These are the sort of operational efficiencies that are more essential than
ever in this environment.

So that's our approach here. We're facing the pandemic head-on while continuing to execute our long-
term strategy for GE.

Moving to Slide 3. You'll find a snapshot of our first quarter results. And Carolina will take you through this
in detail, but first, a few top line thoughts. As I noted, we entered the year with momentum. However, as
COVID-19 continued to spread globally, and I'm not going to sugarcoat this, we got hit hard in some of
our highest-margin parts of our best-performing businesses. This is especially true at Aviation services,
where COVID-19 caused a rapid decline in commercial aviation demand and even essential travel became
difficult in the second half of March. A similar situation also transpired at Power Services, where travel
restrictions caused by COVID-19 impacted our field personnel. And across all of our businesses, we started
to see some project fulfillment and execution issues. At the same time, Healthcare performed well due to
urgent demand for our products used in the fight against COVID-19. Taking a step back, about 80% of our
roughly $400 billion backlog is in services, which have a long time horizon. And while services have been
hurt in the near term, those capabilities remain one of our greatest strengths. They keep us close to our
customers with deep strategic relationships especially through periods of volatility.

So in the spirit of embracing reality, let me frame for you what we're seeing right now at a high level and
then I'll do a deeper dive after Carolina reviews the first quarter. In Aviation and at GECAS, airlines are
conserving cash, not flying the planes they have, limiting maintenance spare -- spend where they can and
all the while deferring orders in many places. No one can predict when and how leisure and business travel

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

will resume, but the reality is likely, it's not soon. So we're redefining winning from margin expansion
in 2020 to improving our decremental margins this year, which requires we aggressively adjust our cost
structure. That's what winning looks like for Aviation, and they're moving forward with a comprehensive
plan. To be clear, we'll get back to targeting those 20% operating margins post pandemic.

In Healthcare, we've been on the front lines, combating COVID-19 since the early days in Wuhan. This is
fundamental to our mission. While we've seen demand surge for certain products, other products including
those in our high-margin Pharmaceutical Diagnostics business, have been negatively impacted as multiple
procedures are deferred. Healthcare is likely to rebound faster than Aviation, but we're still fast-tracking
additional cost-out actions, targeting an incremental $700 million since Kieran and the team spoke with
you in December.

In Power and Renewable Energy, the impact of COVID-19 has been more limited to date. Specifically
at Power, we're experiencing outage delays and restrictions in field service travel, and we're monitoring
new unit orders and services. To offset this, we're further rightsizing the cost structure. And in Power, we
already reduced headcount by 700 in the first quarter.

Now clearly across GE, there are a number of large variables that are unknown at this point, including
the full duration, magnitude and pace of recovery across our end markets, operations and supply chains.
We're also monitoring how the resulting interest rate environment will impact pension obligations and our
runoff Insurance business. So let me tell you what we do know. The second quarter will be the first full
quarter with pressure from COVID-19, and we expect that our financial results will decline sequentially
before they improve later this year. The bottom line is we have some challenging times ahead but this too
shall pass. I'm confident the underlying reset we took over the last 18 months to focus GE's portfolio and
instill a greater focus on customers and lean give us a running start for what we face today. Moreover, I
see in our response to COVID-19 signs of how we're moving faster to change GE for the good: more lean
work to help reduce inventories in the face of demand challenges in Aviation, travel restrictions spurring
on the use of remote digital technology to complete fieldwork in Renewables and more capital discipline
across the board. With new leaders assimilating faster and with real impact, Healthcare comes to mind. So
all of this, in combination with the planned actions we'll discuss later, are accelerating our transformation
of GE.

With that, I'll turn it over to Carolina. But before I do, let me say how pleased I am to have her on board.
In 2 short months, it's clear we share the same perspectives of embracing reality and operational bias for
action and executing with speed.

Carolina Dybeck Happe
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, Larry. I'm proud to join my first earnings call as CFO of GE and help lead this company and
turn forward. As you noted, we're operating in unprecedented times, having focused on: First, keeping our
financial position strong and safe with a keen eye on leverage and liquidity as well as cash flow and capital
discipline. While GE's actions over the last couple of years have put us on stronger footing ahead of this
situation, we will do more. Second, working with our businesses to take the right action not only to help
mitigate the impact of COVID-19 but to serve customers better, operate smarter and more efficiently and
integrate lean more holistically. While Larry and I are focused on the near term, we're also managing for
the long term. We're working together to reduce complexity at GE and build a lean culture that delivers
sustainable earnings and cash flow generation. Today, my intention is to take you through our results in
detail and provide context that help you see what I see across the businesses.

With that, let's turn to Slide 4. This was a challenging quarter for us as the macro environment rapidly
deteriorated. Taking it from the top. First quarter orders were down 3% organically or down 4%
ex BioPharma. Growth in Power and Healthcare was offset by double-digit declines in Aviation and
Renewables. Both equipment and service orders were down low single digits. I'll cover this by business
shortly. Industrial revenue was down 5% organically or down 6% ex BioPharma, with equipment revenue
flat and services down 9%. Both Aviation and Power Services were adversely impacted in the quarter
due to COVID-19. Adjusted Industrial profit margins were down 450 basis points organically. Most of the
dilution came from Aviation and Renewables, with the Aviation impact mostly driven by COVID-19.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Now let's discuss the EPS walk. Starting at continuing EPS of $0.72, there was a $0.75 gain primarily
related to the $11.1 billion after-tax gain from the BioPharma sale, which also included $0.01 of tax
benefit in GE Capital. This was partially offset by a $4.6 billion after-tax loss on our remaining Baker
Hughes stake, which we measure at fair value each quarter. On restructuring and other items, we
incurred $0.02 of charges. This is principally related to the reduction of Aviation's U.S. workforce. Lastly,
nonoperating, pension and other benefit plans were a $0.06 headwind in the quarter. Excluding these
items, adjusted EPS was $0.05.

As described earlier, our earnings performance was materially impacted by COVID-19 and other market
dynamics. This was primarily in Aviation and GE Capital with negative marks and impairments in both
GECAS and Insurance as well as higher credit costs. We estimate the first quarter Industrial operating
profit impact from COVID-19 roughly $700 million. Drivers included lower aftermarket sales, project
delays and supply chain constraints. This impact is higher than anticipated at the March outlook call,
reflecting the rapid global progression of the pandemic, while our prior forecast largely reflected the
slowdown in China. Our focus on addressing this pandemic is global. We're targeting more than $2 billion
of cost-out this year. While this may not offset the full impact, we're rapidly addressing both cost and cash
and making our businesses more agile and customer-focused over time. I can tell you from my experience
that as these programs build momentum and the company leaders begin to see how powerful results can
be, they tend to extend beyond their stated goals. So just what I have seen so far, I'm encouraged that
we can have some of that same experience at GE.

Moving to cash. As many of you know, the first quarter is typically low for our free cash flow. This year,
we're impacted by our usual seasonality but also COVID-19, especially in Aviation. Industrial free cash
flow was a use of $2.2 billion, $1 billion worse than prior year. But notably, excluding Aviation, each
Industrial business improved free cash flow versus last year.

Turning to the key drivers in the quarter. Starting with net earnings. If you exclude the BioPharma gain
and the mark-to-market on our Baker Hughes investment, income depreciation and amortization totaled
$700 million. That's down $900 million versus prior year. Next, working capital, negative $2.6 billion, with
a significant use of cash, down $1.1 billion. Let me take you through the main factors. First, we had a net
inflow in accounts receivable driven by seasonally lower volume in Gas Power and Renewables. Second, we
had an outflow in accounts payable driven by lower volume in Aviation and higher disbursements related
to prior year material buys in Renewables. Third, we increased inventory to support an expected second
and third quarter volume ramp in Onshore Wind and shop output decline in Aviation. Fourth, progress
collections, they were a use of cash as new orders and milestone payments were more than offset by burn
down of prior progress payments in Power and Renewables. Lastly, we also spent about $600 million in
gross CapEx. We're on track now to reduce 25% of our CapEx spend this year.

For cash flow in total, we estimate the first quarter impact from COVID-19 was around $1 billion, the
majority of which was felt in Aviation. As we look forward, we expect continued free cash flow pressure.
We're targeting more than $3 billion in cash action. However, over time, we know that each business can
be a better cash generator as we improve execution.

Moving to Slide 6. We continue to strengthen our balance sheet. The largest milestone in the quarter was
closing BioPharma. With $20 billion of proceeds, we ended the quarter with $33.8 billion of Industrial cash
up approximately $16 billion sequentially. GE Capital ended with $13.5 billion of cash, down approximately
$5.3 billion sequentially, driven by contractual maturities. We continue to hold a liquidity balance covering
12 months of GE debt maturities.

We've recently taken actions to enhance and extend our liquidity and pay down debt. On April 17, GE
entered into a 3-year $15 billion syndicated revolving credit facility. This was a planned refinancing of GE's
prior $20 billion syndicated revolver credit facility. Including bilateral agreements, we expect to have in
the range of $20 billion in total credit line access going forward. Following the sale of BioPharma, we also
improved our liquidity profile in April. We reduced our near-term debt maturities by issuing $6 billion in GE
debt in April and subsequently tendering for $4.2 billion of debt. We plan to use the remaining $1.8 billion
of proceeds to further debt reduction, and the combination of transaction will, therefore, be leveraged
neutral. Following this, GE Industrial has no debt maturities in 2021, $1.9 billion of maturities in 2022

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

and $900 million in 2023. At GE Industrial, we reduced debt by approximately $7 billion. We reduced
commercial paper used by $1.1 billion in the quarter and repaid $6 billion of the intercompany loan from
GE to GE Capital in April using proceeds from BioPharma. At GE Capital, we reduced debt by $4 billion. So
we reduced external debt by $10 billion year-to-date, including $4.7 billion of maturities in the quarter and
an additional $5.4 billion of 2020 maturities tendered in April, offset by GE's $6 billion repayment for the
intercompany loan.

Our financial policy goals remain maintaining a high cash balance, achieving less than 2.5x net debt-to-
EBITDA at GE Industrial and less than 4x debt-to-equity at GE Capital, a credit rating in the single A range
and reinstalling a dividend in line with peers over time. We remain committed to achieving our leverage
targets, but we now expect to achieve those targets over longer period than previously announced due to
the impact of COVID-19.

Next, on Slide 7, we'll discuss the Industrial segment's results. Starting with Aviation. As we've noted, our
first quarter results were materially impacted. Orders were down 13% organically, with both equipment
and service orders down. Equipment orders were down 27% primarily driven by commercial engine
business due to the MAX grounding and the COVID impact. Services orders were down 4% primarily
driven by commercial services, partially offset by military, which won new fighter and helicopter service
orders from the U.S. DoD. Service orders were stronger than revenues due to the military orders, which
were up 60% year-over-year. Backlog of $273 billion was flat sequentially and up 22% versus prior
year primarily driven by long-term service agreement. This included roughly 200 LEAP-1B unit order
cancellations in the quarter.

Revenue was down 11% organically. Equipment revenue was down 17%. We shipped 472 commercial
install and spare engine units this quarter, down 37 versus prior year. Sales of 272 LEAP-1A and 1B units
were down 152. And CFM56 units were down 98 units. Service revenue was down 8% due to commercial
services down 11%. This was driven by lower spare part shipments and lower shop visits from the impact
of COVID-19. Total military revenue was down 7% with 146 engine unit shipments down 9%. And this
was driven by supply chain fulfillment dynamic and inbound material delay, partly offset by the advanced
programs growth. Operating profit was down 39% organically, primarily on lower volume and negative
mix pressures in commercial services from the impact of COVID-19 and lower spare engine units. The
segment margin contracted 650 basis points organically. This was primarily due to COVID-19 impacting
our commercial businesses in both engines and services, the continued 737 MAX grounding, the nonrepeat
of prior year favorable contract adjustments and the first full quarter of revenue from our Aeroderivatives
business now that we have deconsolidated Baker Hughes. To add a bit more color, COVID-19 represents
just over half of the year-over-year margin difference. 737 MAX timing considering install and spare
engine volume and supply chain excess costs represent additional 20% of the margin.

Moving to Healthcare, which performed well. Orders were up 9% organically. Equipment orders were
up 40% and services were up 1%. Healthcare orders, excluding BioPharma, were up 6%, driven by a
surge demand related to COVID-19. This was partially offset by delays in procurement and lower demand
of products less related to COVID-19, examples like MR and interventional in Healthcare Systems as
well as contrast media and nuclear tracers in Pharmaceutical Diagnostics. Life Sciences orders were up
10%. Backlog was $17.4 billion, down 6% sequentially and down 3% versus prior year due to the sale of
BioPharma. So excluding BioPharma, backlog was up 1% sequentially and 4% versus prior year.

Revenue was up 2% organically and 1% excluding BioPharma. Healthcare Systems revenue was up 2% for
services and 3% with equipment flat. Life Sciences was up 4%. Operating profit was up 10% organically.
Segment margin expanded 140 basis points organically or 30 basis points excluding BioPharma. This was
driven by volume and cost productivity, offset by price and logistics pressures from COVID-19.

Next, on Power, we had mixed results with equipment top line strength offset by challenges in services.
Orders were up 14% organically. Gas Power orders were up 8%, with equipment orders up 37% largely
due to one turnkey order. We booked 2.2 gigawatts of orders for 9 gas turbines. Gas Power service orders
were down 3% with contractual services down and transactional upgrades roughly flat. Power Portfolio
orders were up 27% with strong equipment and services orders in Steam and Power Conversion. Backlog

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

closed at $85 billion, flat sequentially and down 1% versus prior year. Gas backlog was $71 billion, flat
sequentially.

Revenue was down 12% organically, largely driven by services. In Gas Power, revenue was down 12%.
Gas Power equipment revenue was up 4% organically on higher hedged turbine mix. We shipped 9 gas
turbines -- sorry, we shipped 7 gas turbines versus 9 gas turbines in the first quarter of '19. We helped
our customers enter commercial operations on over 32 units, translating for almost 4.7 gigawatts of
new power added to the grid. Gas Power services revenue was down 19% organically as outages and
transactional sales pushed out of the quarter due to COVID-19 and we had lower revenue on higher-
margin upgrades. Despite this, services would still have been down in the quarter. This was driven by
supply-based constraints on hot gas path parts and outage costs overall pressuring our CSA margin rate.
Power Portfolio revenue was down 12%. This was driven by lower volumes across subsegments. In Steam,
we had lower services backlog convertibility. In nuclear, the decline was driven by outage timing. And in
Power Conversion, we refined our sales parameter, focused on higher-margin market segments. Operating
profit was down $239 million and segment margin contracted 570 basis points organically. While Gas
Power fixed costs were down 9% sequentially and 16% versus prior year, this was more than offset by
lower service volume and additional cost from COVID-19 disruption.

Next on Renewables. Continued revenue growth was more than offset by fulfillment and execution issues
impacting profitability. Orders were down 11% organically. Equipment were down 11% as we cycle a
stronger U.S. PTC, and services were down 23%. A positive spot in the quarter was international orders,
which were up 11%. Backlog of $26.5 billion was down 4% sequentially but up 5% versus prior year.

Revenue was up 28% organically. This was mainly driven by Onshore Wind, up 60%. Onshore equipment
revenue was up 81%, with the new unit turbine deliveries of 731 more than double prior year and repower
kit deliveries of 219 up 40%. Onshore services revenue, excluding repower kits, was up 15%. Onshore
order pricing index continues to stabilize at 1%, in line with recent trends. Grid revenue was down 8%
mostly due to site closures and delayed milestones driven by COVID-19. Operating loss was down $150
million. This was driven by the supply chain disruptions due to COVID-19, fulfillment delays and the
nonrecurrence of the noncash gain from an Offshore Wind contract termination in the prior year. This
was partially offset by higher Onshore Wind volume. Segment margin contracted 210 basis points mainly
driven by the same items mentioned above and the range of execution issues we're fixing at Grid and
Hydro.

Moving to Slide 8. Starting with GE Capital. In the quarter, adjusted continuing operations generated a
net loss of $118 million. This excludes the impact of the capital loss tax benefit utilized against BioPharma
gain, resulting in $88 million of earnings. Compared to prior year, which excludes the U.S. tax reform
benefit, continuing net earnings was unfavorable by $154 million. This was due to negative marks and
impairments at GECAS and Insurance, lower gains and lower earnings from a smaller asset base. This was
partially offset by lower excess interest cost and SG&A. We ended the quarter with $101 billion of assets,
excluding liquidity. This was down $1 billion sequentially, primarily driven by GECAS due to asset sales,
depreciation and collections, partially offset by new volume. Insurance assets were flat sequentially as a
decrease in unrealized gains driven primarily by higher market rates was offset by the annual Insurance
capital contribution. Supply chain finance assets were down as our suppliers continue to migrate to MUFG.
As noted earlier, Capital ended the quarter with $13.5 billion of liquidity. Capital also ended with $54.5
billion of debt, which was down $4.5 billion sequentially driven by debt maturities. Discontinued operations
generated a net loss of $164 million, which was unfavorable versus prior year by $200 million. We still
plan to provide the required support to GE Capital in line with insurance statutory funding.

Next, just like our businesses, corporate needs to adjust our new reality, and we are continuing to take
additional structural actions to rationalize cost and reduce the size at corporate. Looking at the quarter,
adjusted corporate costs were $374 million, 8% higher, but that's primarily due to higher intercompany
profit eliminations, which were partially offset by better digital performance from continued cost-reduction
actions. Functions and operations were 25% lower primarily driven by GE Digital's improvement. You can
see from Digital's performance that the focused cost-reduction programs are gaining traction. We continue
to rightsize our functional cost across GE and push more accountability into the divisions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Larry and I are conducting cost and cash reviews of each of the businesses with fresh eyes in the current
environment. So you can expect that there will be more to come. Stay tuned. I have spent most of my
career in leadership at lean, decentralized companies. Fundamentally, I believe companies outperform
when they have a structure that empowers businesses to take the right actions quickly. This type of
structure is critical to respond to situations like we have today with COVID-19 but also to be prepared to
pivot to growth. We're working toward this goal, and there will be more to come.

With that, back to you, Larry.

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Carolina, thank you. There's no question that COVID-19 is putting real pressure on our businesses. Given
that so much has changed and this quarter will be our first full quarter with pressure from COVID-19, I'd
like to spend some time here discussing second quarter trending based on what we're seeing through the
month of April.

So starting with Aviation on Slide 9. Of all of our Industrial segments, this business is feeling the impact
of the pandemic most severely. The rapid contraction of air travel has resulted in a significant reduction in
demand as commercial airlines suspend routes and ground large percentages of their fleets. We'll cover
commercial services and engines on the next 2 slides in detail. But on the other end of the spectrum,
demand for our military business remains strong. To that end, we rebalanced some of our capacity to meet
this increased demand. To offset some pressure in the commercial business, we're taking several steps
that while painful preserve our ability to adapt as the environment continues to evolve. We've previously
announced $500 million to $1 billion in cost and cash actions, and we've now increased this, targeting
more than $1 billion in cost actions and more than $2 billion in cash actions. This will be achieved through
different initiatives, some of which have been completed, others in flight as we speak. These include a
10% reduction in Aviation's total U.S. workforce and furloughs impacting 50% of its U.S. maintenance
repair and overhaul facilities and new engine manufacturing. We'll continue to monitor and potentially
extend as required. We're also focused on reducing discretionary and CapEx spend and optimizing working
capital.

I know Aviation's decremental margin through this pandemic is top of mind for investors, and Carolina
touched on the main dynamics impacting our margins in the quarter. While we expect our commercial
revenues and profits will continue to be down in the second quarter, our expectations are that the cost
actions we're undertaking will improve decremental margins in the back half of the year. While there
are many uncertainties, I expect that we will exit the year with a much lower decremental margin than
what you saw in the first quarter. So make no mistake, driving improvement here is our #1 focus. As
we think about the full year, we're tracking travel restrictions, carrier and passenger behavior, disease
countermeasures and freight demand, all of which will impact aircraft departures and revenue passenger
kilometers. While we're seeing an unprecedented decline in 2020, we're taking action, and David and the
team are working proactively with our customers to navigate through this crisis.

So spending a little more time on commercial services, which represented $3.3 billion of revenue in the
first quarter, let's go to Slide 10. As you can see on the left side, departures across the full industry were
strong in the first quarter before rapidly declining in mid-March. As we look at it this week, focused on
the GE and CFM fleet, global departures are down approximately 75%. Roughly 60% of the CFM fleet
is parked today. In line with this, we're also seeing significant headwinds in global shop visits, which
were down low double digits in the first quarter as airlines defer short-term maintenance, and we expect
this trend gets worse before it gets better, with some potential to moderate in the latter half of the year
depending on the variables just outlined. Based on what we're seeing through the month of April, in
the second quarter, we're seeing shop visits down roughly 60% and CSA billings down roughly 50%.
Additionally, we expect the significant reduction in utilization is likely to continue to pressure our CSA
margins. That said, when the aviation industry recovers, and it will recover over time, GE is well positioned
with the largest and youngest installed base of all engine manufacturers. Additionally, roughly 62% of
our GE/CFM fleet has seen one shop visit or less, and this will generate demand upon recovery. We have
more narrow-bodies that are 10 years or younger than the narrow-body installed base of the rest of the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

industry. And when we see a pickup in air travel demand, we expect narrow-bodies will recover most
quickly. Overall, it was a challenging quarter and we're expecting additional pressure here in the second.
But our cost actions will alleviate some of the pressure in the second half of 2020.

Moving to commercial engines, which represented $1.5 billion of revenue in the first quarter. In light
of COVID-19, airframers are producing at a lower rate. Based on what we're seeing through the month
of April, in the second quarter, we see installed engines down roughly 45% and spare engines down
roughly 60% year-on-year, attributable to the delivery deferrals in addition to the already planned lower
production rate on the 737 MAX. In the near term, we're rightsizing production capacity and actively
managing the supply base. We have very strong relationships with the airframers and an attractive value
proposition as evidenced by a multiyear backlog. As you'll see on the right, we have strong positions, sole
source on 2 of the biggest new engine entrants and a 65% win rate on the other. While we acknowledge
there's pressure on near-term demand for new aircraft, these stats demonstrate that customers see the
value of GE technology. We're taking the right actions to be well positioned for the post-pandemic world.

Moving to Healthcare, which consists of Healthcare Systems and PDx. In the second quarter to date, we're
seeing increased demand for vital medical equipment in the diagnosis and treatment of COVID-19 within
Healthcare Systems. Now these product orders, including ventilators, have increased 1.5 to 2x versus
pre-pandemic levels. But at the same time, we're seeing reduced demand for other diagnostic products
as certain procedures are deferred or canceled around the world. To be clear, these other diagnostics are
still essential and often associated with saving lives in areas including oncology and cardiology but are
currently deprioritized. PDx is a similar story. This is a high-margin business made up of contrast agents
and nuclear tracers associated with procedures that are being deferred or canceled right now. Several HCS
product lines and most of PDx is down as much as 50% versus pre-pandemic levels. While these dynamics
vary by country, there appears to be a pattern emerging as geographies experience different stages of the
virus. Taking China for example, as hospitals come back online, we're seeing a ramp in previously deferred
procedures and increased demand for our equipment and consumables.

Healthcare is accelerating its planned transformation to expand margins post BioPharma by reducing
headcount, fixed costs, discretionary spend and marketing spend, prioritizing R&D, deferring CapEx
and optimizing working capital. Looking forward, we're most focused on the following indicators for
Healthcare: hospital admission and occupancy rates, an increase in non-COVID-19 procedures, changes
in hospital CapEx budgets, government spending on health care broadly, and development of COVID-19
test treatments and vaccines. Based on our experience in China and the market in April, we expect to
be down in the second quarter with potential recovery afterwards. COVID-19 has highlighted the need
to build and truly invest and scale a new digitized infrastructure and quickly. We're committed to our
investments in our digital Edison platform and solutions like Mural Virtual Care Solution, which allows one
clinician to remotely view numerous ventilated patients simultaneously, helping to expand their capacity
while reducing their risk of exposure. As our digital health care journey continues, we're at the center
of an ecosystem striving for precision health. I'm very proud of the work our team is doing to combat
COVID-19.

Moving to Power on Slide 13. We'll talk to the current trending in the second quarter to date and dynamics
at Gas Power and Power Portfolio. Starting with Gas Power equipment. While we're monitoring and
managing supply chain disruptions, as of today, we still see a path to 45 to 50 gas turbine deliveries this
year. But our orders profile and, therefore, cash down payments worth several hundred million dollars are
likely weaker due to IPP pressures in the U.S. and Mexico as we expect that deal financing will become
harder through the year. Additionally, with oil price pressure impacting Middle East and SSA investment,
including demand for new LNG, we are expecting a longer road to normalization. Ultimately, we're sticking
to our strategy of securing a lower-risk, margin-accretive backlog with disciplined execution. In services,
approximately 20% of planned outages are shifting from the first half of this year due to COVID-19 field
labor constraints. We're also seeing pressure on upgrades primarily in the Middle East, where low oil prices
are impacting customer budgets. We are seeing GE gas turbine utilization in the U.S. up mid-single digits
due to low gas prices and the shift from coal, but utilization globally is down low double digits due to
lower electricity demand. Within Power Portfolio, our Steam business is most impacted. Factory closures
pressured our Steam operations, including one facility in Wuhan, which was closed for approximately 8
weeks in the first quarter. Today, we're back up to more than 70% of capacity. The global supply chain

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

has also been disrupted by the shutdown in India driven by government restrictions. Overall, we're seeing
about 30% of outages shift from the first half of this year to the second half with another 10% to 15%
pushing into next year.

Our Power businesses are taking several measures to offset these pressures. In the first quarter, we
reduced headcount by 700, notified approximately 1,300 contractors, implemented a hiring freeze, and
in line with the demand profile, we're taking even further actions. This will serve to reduce fixed costs in
2020 and drive benefits in 2021. Looking forward, we're tracking a number of items, including timing of
our gas turbine new order closure, service outages and volume, fleet utilization as the energy mix and
fuel prices are impacting each region differently, supplier impacts and project execution, billing milestones
and customer collections. We're targeting to have our accelerated cost-out measures drive organic margin
expansion despite these demand changes.

Moving to Slide 14 on Renewables. There was a limited impact of COVID-19 in the first quarter, and our
disappointing results continue to be largely about improving execution. As we've said, we think about
Renewables in 3 distinct operating pools. Starting with Onshore Wind. While we continue to deliver at
record levels in the Americas, we are seeing supply chain disruption at our LM Wind facilities, and we're
monitoring key commercial milestones such as permitting and financing, which could potentially cause
timing delays. In Offshore Wind, certification for our industry-leading turbine, the Haliade-X, remains
on track. We're also on plan to start delivering on our ED unit -- 6-megawatt commitments to EDF.
After completion of this project in 2021, we expect to start shifting production to the Haliade-X. We're
also monitoring financial closure of 2020 deals. Grid and Hydro, our 2 turnarounds, are impacted by
supply chain disruptions, with over half of our grid facilities now operating below full capacity. And in grid
automation, we're also impacted by lower book-to-bill order conversion.

Across all 3 of these pools, we're increasing cost-out and restructuring, and we've identified several
hundred million dollars of additional actions. Longer term, a lower cost structure will benefit Renewables.
Relating to the global supply chain, we're focused on the safe reopening of our plants globally and then
optimizing the workforce and plant load levels. Looking forward, we're expecting a larger impact from
COVID-19 in the second quarter. And by business, we're tracking '20 and '21 demand impact on progress
collections and potential site delays in Onshore Wind, the risk of financing delays associated with deals at
offshore, project site delays at Grid and Hydro, and the backlog at grid.

On Slide 15, within GE Capital, our GECAS and Insurance businesses are where we are feeling the largest
impacts. So I'll keep my comments focused there. First, GECAS is better positioned today than in previous
downturns with better asset quality, less customer concentration and more geographic diversity. That said,
we're preparing for elevated repossessions and redeployments as well as lease restructurings, and we've
had approximately 80% of our customers seek short-term deferrals. As you may have seen, we've agreed
with Boeing on a rebalancing of our 737 MAX order book. Second, at Insurance, market and rate volatility
is impacting the current value of our investment portfolio and reinvestment yields. Therefore, we're
deploying capital to capture market dislocation investment opportunities. We're closely monitoring how
this volatility will impact Insurance this year. And similar to the Industrial segments, we're implementing
incremental cost and cash actions. Looking forward, we continue to expect higher impairments and lower
asset sales at GECAS and Insurance. Our seasoned teams are working closely with our customers to
navigate through this period.

So to close, our priorities are clear. We rapidly mobilized our team in the face of COVID-19 with our top
priority being the health and safety of our employees. And overall, the priorities we reviewed with you
at the outlook call remain intact. We're facing into our near-term realities while continuing to manage
GE for the long term. When the world is facing the worst pandemic in a century, our team is rising to the
challenge with humility, transparency and focus. We continue to deliver value for our customers, enabling
air carriers to transport essential goods, supplying vital health care equipment and keeping the lights
on. And while there are many unknowns, there will be another side. Planes will fly again, health care will
normalize and modernize, and the world still needs more efficient, resilient energy. At the same time,
we're embracing this new reality. We're redefining winning, and we're executing our plan. The cost and
cash actions we've taken you through this morning are a major result. These moves will ultimately allow

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

us to accelerate our multiyear transformation to make GE a stronger, nimbler and more valuable company,
and I am confident that GE will emerge stronger.

With that, Steve, let's go to questions.

Steven Eric Winoker
Vice President of Investor Communications
Great. [Operator Instructions] Brandon, can you please open the line?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And from Vertical Research, we have Jeff Sprague.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

I was hoping you could provide a little bit of color on how you kind of view the -- kind of the asset quality
of the contractual service agreements and the like, right? There's a lot of assets there. Obviously, there's
at least a temporary impairment of cash flows. How does that test work? Have you done it yet? And are
you close to any particular thresholds there that we should be thinking about?

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Jeff, I think if we look at the service backlog, right, broadly, just under $325 billion for the company,
the vast majority of that, $234 billion, is in Aviation. I suspect that's where you're most focused. We
go through those backlog reviews and the CSA reviews on a regular basis. What we've done here over
the last -- call it the last 7, 8 weeks is really tighten and quicken the review process that we do with the
businesses, both at Aviation and at GECAS. What we're trying to do is make sure we've got the latest and,
if you will, most accurate information possible with respect to customer risk given everything that's going
on. So we do that on a regular basis. We did that at the end of the first quarter in closing much as we
do every quarter. Clearly, we've got a fluid situation. And I think the modest charges that we took, the
modest changes in the first quarter clearly are going to play out as we go through the course of the year.
We can't really scope that for you today.

If you look at the CSA book in Aviation, for example, as we went through the mechanics of the future
billings, the future costs related to those billings, based on the information at the time, it was really just
$100 billion -- $100 million adjustment, noncash of course, which is why you see a little bit of the earnings
cash dynamic. Certainly, as we go forward, we're going to be updating those adjustments. And again, we
would expect that we would see more of that given what the airlines are doing with their planes. But I
think it's important to keep in mind, again, these are 10- to 15-year agreements as you know, and those
adjustments are taken in the context of that particularly extended time period.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Great. And just as a follow-up, if I could. I know you don't want to get real precise on guidance, but you
are pointing us to a further decline in cash flow in Q2, which isn't surprising, quite frankly. But could you
bracket that at all for us, what we should expect for Q2? And any high-level thoughts on how the year
plays out from a cash standpoint?

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Jeff, I think that we took guidance off the table a few weeks back and didn't want to take an attempt
at framing formal guidance here today. In light of all this flu and all -- it's still evolving here. I think the
tack we took was really to try to share as much with you as we possibly could in terms of the April detail
business by business and acknowledge that we're going to see a more challenging second quarter here
given the full impact of COVID and the like. But beyond that, I think that's really where we are. We know
we've got to get to work on the cost and the cash actions. That's why you see us doubling that activity in
Aviation, stepping it up elsewhere around the company. So the $2 billion of cost, the $3 billion of cash will
clearly help us later on in the year as those actions take root. But for today, I think that's really what we're
-- that's what we know, and that's what we're comfortable sharing.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

From Morgan Stanley, we have Josh Pokrzywinski.

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Josh, are you there?

Steven Eric Winoker
Vice President of Investor Communications

Why don't we -- Brandon, let's move on and come back to Josh.

Operator

Okay. Sure. Next question we have, from Bank of America, we have Andrew Obin.

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Can you hear me?

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

I can hear you.

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So run rate, minus 60% in terms of shop visits, 50% on CSAs, do you'll think you continue to trend at this
level in the second quarter? Or is there more downside?

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Andrew, the -- I think you're referring to Page 9 in the slide deck. Maybe what we're seeing here -- yes.
I think this is what we're seeing right now, right? And given what the carriers have said publicly, what
they're doing, we think these are good, likely near-end run rates to share with you. Again, we're not trying
to offer up a definitive view as to the next several quarters, but this is what we're seeing right now in the
second quarter, for sure.

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

And my follow-up question on spare engine sales, I think minus 60%, have we lost these? Or will these
come back when the situation normalizes? Maybe you can give us some sort of framework how to think
about spare engine demand over the next couple of years.

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Andrew, we were ramping spares with both the LEAP-1A and the LEAP-1B as the narrow-body market was
taking off, typical early in the life of an engine activity. We are clearly seeing that soften, not necessarily
going to 0, as preparations are being made for the return to service of the MAX, right? I don't think that
opportunity is lost. But I think like much of what we're seeing in Aviation broadly, it will be pushed out for
a few years. And again, I don't think we're taking a definitive view as to what year, what quarter things
get back to, if you will, a normalized 2019 level, but we recognize the discussions out there about this
being a multiyear recovery, gradual, slow. I think we're embracing that reality, and that applies really
across the portfolio both on the OE side as well as the aftermarket spares included.

Operator

From Melius Research, we have Scott Davis.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Welcome, Carolina.

Carolina Dybeck Happe
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Larry, any way to think about the cost actions as it relates to kind of structural versus more kind of
pandemic short-term-related?

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Sure. Well, I would say, Scott, as you well know that when we're in a mode like this, you're moving as
quickly as you possibly can almost anywhere that you can. So if you look at what we've announced in
Aviation, the doubling of those activities today, the broadening across the company, if you look at the
tally today, there is a decidedly short-term bias there that Carolina and I are going to be working with
the CEOs over the coming weeks to transition to a more permanent action, right? If you look at what we
did in Aviation, for example, in terms of the temporary lack of works, that was a way to quickly adjust
our cost structure in that business on a variable basis to these shockingly fast changes in demand. You
might categorize that as temporary. We need to work through the changes on a more permanent basis
that are required in light of the length of the recovery that we're looking at. So we have confidence in
these numbers that we're sharing today, the $2 billion of costs, the $3 billion of cash. There's a bit of
a tactical bias today just given how fresh this is, but we will be leaning in toward making more of them
permanent, recognizing though at the end of the day, there will be a bit of a mix, be it headcount-related,
discretionary spend on the cost side in addition to some of the working capital and certainly, the CapEx
reduction that Carolina referenced, the 25% reduction year-on-year. So a lot going on and by no means is
this -- are these headlines today the end. It's very much a work in progress.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Okay. That's helpful, Larry. And when you think -- the $20 billion kind of came to you pretty much about
perfect timing. But does that money just sit on the -- does that have to sit on the balance sheet pretty
much as is for the year? Can you -- or is it just such a big number, you can start to parse some of it out to
thinking in terms of whittling down some of the debt that you can manage?

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Well, we -- it did come at a good time. There's no question. That's why we put the emphasis in the
BioPharma setup on certainty, right? We want to take the market risk off the table relative to thinking
through the Healthcare options. Carolina, anything you want to add relative to kind of managing liquidity
versus leverage right here? I think...

Carolina Dybeck Happe
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I think it's important to acknowledge that the world is different now compared to before COVID,
and it's very important for us. Of course, leverage is important, but liquidity is very important. And we
end the quarter with $47 billion cash, right? And that's really to cover $18 billion of GE and GE Capital
long-term debt maturities now through '21. And actually, after the April actions, we are down to $13
billion of maturities for 2021, almost all of that in Capital. And I would also say we expect to have around
$20 billion in total credit lines going forward, and that's really in line with our risk appetite. We have

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

the new $15 billion 3-year RCF that I mentioned and $5 billion [indiscernible] will be on $20 billion of
credit line. I think we've just said that we really intend to maintain a high level of cash, I would say,
to maximize flexibility. And that's why we're taking these actions also to derisk our balance sheet and
basically prudently manage our liquidity in this very challenging external environment and time.

Operator

And let's try Josh Pokrzywinski again from Morgan Stanley.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Can you guys hear me this time?

Carolina Dybeck Happe
Senior VP & CFO

Yes.

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Clearly, Josh.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Awesome. Larry, can you just give us a sense -- and I know you guys have data going back eons in
Aviation. How the impact of retirements and cannibalizations kind of make more of a U shape versus what
the air traffic may look like? Is there a natural lag between when folks start flying again and when shop
visits can happen just as a function of kind of using up some of the run time on otherwise idled assets?

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Well, Josh, certainly, we have revisited the history. The team is well versed in what we have seen in years
past. I'm not sure we've seen anything kind of on par with this. But there's no question that there's going
to be a bias on the part of some as some of these fleet reductions play out to retire some of the older
aircraft. And that will factor in to the aftermarket much like some of the dynamics around green time and
how here in the short term folks try to preserve cash, carriers try to preserve cash in their business. So
I'm not sure that there is necessarily an exact model that captures what all the carriers in aggregate are
going to do here, a model that offers great precision. I think we do know that this -- that the combination
of these factors is going to create pressure for us here in the short term. I think what's most important for
our business really is cycles much more so than revenue passenger miles. And as we see schedules come
back as we work our way through the pandemic, that will put us back on, I think, better footing. But here
in the short term, I think we're acknowledging that we're going to see shop visits and CSA billings take on
some real pressure due to the downturn.

Operator

From JPMorgan, we have Steve Tusa.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

In early March, you guys had that slide that showed $2 billion to $4 billion in free cash flow guidance,
which is obviously off the table. But you also talked about things growing in '21 and '22 and off that kind
of $3 billion base. I think most research and numbers I saw were kind of in that $6 billion range of free
cash flow, so kind of growth off of that level. Are we still -- like is -- are the out-year numbers still at all
legit? Or is that -- are you kind of withdrawing that long-term outlook as well?

H. Lawrence Culp
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Chairman & CEO

Steve, I think we have immediately been focused on taking the right actions, both the cost, the cash, the
balance sheet actions here in the short term, in the face of this unprecedented pandemic. We've taken
guidance off for the year. We're not putting it back on today just given the undue uncertainty of it all,
right? So I don't think we're trying to get out any further than that. I appreciate the question. But I think
for purposes of today, we're really just trying to frame for folks what we're seeing. But that said, however
long it takes us to work through this, I think we feel very good about our ability to come out stronger and
get back on a positive cash flow growth trajectory.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. And...

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Carolina, anything you would add to that?

Carolina Dybeck Happe
Senior VP & CFO

Well, no. I think it's important to acknowledge that by taking out costs now and part of it being structural,
that gives us sort of -- as well as mitigating the decrementals that helps improving the incrementals, the
outer years, I mean that will depend on the recovery on the industries as well. So that's, I would say,
almost impossible to speak to today.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Right. And I guess how much on that structural cost side...

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Steve?

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. Go ahead.

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Yes. No. Just one other point I think worth mentioning. I mean I think what we're acknowledging here is
that [ assistance ] played out in March and what we're seeing already in April, right? It really is hitting
us from a mix perspective, hard. Our highest-margin businesses are really feeling it here. I would think
that on the recovery, we would see it swing the other way. When we get back and come off a bottom,
we should have positive mix effect really across the board, particularly in Aviation and Healthcare.
Your second question, Steve, was relative to the cost actions and how much permanent, how much not
permanent?

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. I know -- I guess how much is that going to cost you, I mean, like to come up with $2 billion to $3
billion of cost and cash. You've done -- you've cut your restructuring last year pretty significantly and you
did a couple of hundred million in the first quarter. I mean most companies, kind of one-for-one, what --
how much is this stuff going to cost you this year on a cash basis?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I think what we have said previously, we were going to be down off of last year from an expense and
from a cash perspective. I think we're probably going to end up more or less in line, right? Keep in mind
that some of the cost actions like furloughs don't carry a restructuring charge with that, right, because
they aren't permanent. So part of what we're trying to do is squeeze out some of the temporary costs. But
all the while, if we can make more structural moves, we want to make sure we've got room to do that. But
I'd say right now, assume that it be relatively flat year-on-year. But as Carolina indicated in her remarks,
we want to try to do more if we can.

Operator

From UBS, we have Markus Mittermaier.

Markus Mittermaier
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Let me maybe follow up on the Aviation within the year. So in your 10-Q, you referenced the IATA
numbers of 48%, RPK reduction is -- and I know, obviously, flight hours and RPKs are 2 different stories.
But is that sort of a kind of scenario that you're playing through internally? And I'm just trying to get a
sense of what that would mean if we look at our sort of like '19 Aviation cash as a baseline, sort of like
where on that type of scenario we could end up, particularly looking at sort of what you've mentioned in
your prepared remarks that you have, I think 62% of engines still ahead of shop visit one, which arguably
are the engines that are on the narrow-bodies coming back first because they're probably the youngest in
the fleet. Just trying to get a sense for within the year, how you're thinking about that.

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Well, I think that given what we highlighted relative to the April experience and a near-term projection of
that, there's no question that we're going to continue to see the pressure on cash at Aviation that we've
seen here of late, right? And that will be our -- undoubtedly our biggest headwind.

Markus Mittermaier
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

No. Sure. But the shop visits, we heard sort of the numbers that you said, but did you do sort of internal
stress tests around where you could end up? Or is that just something that you say it's too early to
comment?

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

No, no, no. There's plenty of planning for, again, an extended slowdown here. We're embracing this reality
to the fullest extent possible. We are not expecting this to bounce back in the near term. So we flagged
in the Q the IATA numbers. We also referenced others. You see it in our own departure data here in April,
right? We are way down. That has a direct feed in the shop visits, CSA billings and the like. So we're
adapting to this new environment, confident that it will recover. So we're -- Markus, we're simply not
trying to assume that the pressure abates anytime soon, witnessed the cost and the cash actions that
we're taking.

Markus Mittermaier
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Sure. Okay. No. I appreciate that. And maybe as a follow-up quickly on the Capital side. Do you anticipate
any change in the Capital support, therefore, for Insurance in particular? You referenced that a little bit in
the prepared remarks. I think $2 billion is sort of the current number. How are you thinking about that at
the moment?

Carolina Dybeck Happe
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Senior VP & CFO

On the parent support to Capital and on the Insurance, let's take a step back then. So in '19, the Capital
had an infusion from GE of $4 billion, right? And the estimate for this year is $2 billion on Insurance
funding. And those $2 billion, that's significantly lower than we had before. We estimated that the parent
will need to support roughly in line with this with -- some variables are still open and that depends on
GE Capital itself, right, between Capital earnings, the LRT, the Capital ending asset, liquidity levels, but
basically, it's about $2 billion as it looks now. And I would also say going forward, which is to pertain your
follow-up, we do continue to anticipate further funding and that will be, again, through a combination of
GE Capital itself with our asset sales, liquidity and the future earnings and on top of that, possible capital
contributions from GE.

Operator

From Cowen and Company, we have Gautam Khanna.

Gautam J. Khanna
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Two questions. So at Aviation, it sounds like you guys acknowledge that on the way up, the spares
business, the aftermarket, the $15 billion commercial aftermarket business will lag ASM growth because
of a younger fleet emerging, a surge of used serviceable material and the like, carve-outs, but obviously,
lower spares provisioning as the OE rates come down 30% to 50%. I guess first question is, when do you
anticipate Aviation free cash flow getting to breakeven? Is it even possible before calendar '22 in that type
of environment? And then I have a follow-up.

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

I'm not sure we would buy into the premise per se, right? I mean we are a cycles business much more
so than any other indicator. And those cycles are going to have to come back before the passengers do.
As you indicated, the age of the fleet will help us. Over time, there could be some short-term headwinds,
but we'll see how that plays out. I think what we're acknowledging here is that we've been hit from a free
cash perspective in our biggest and best cash generator, at Aviation, but we're really not getting into much
more in terms of the free cash forecast on a multiyear basis. It's just too soon. There's just too many
moving pieces for us to be that forward-leaning at this point. We wish we could be. It's just not where we
are.

Gautam J. Khanna
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And just a follow-up. Obviously, 2020 is a tough year. We're going to have some cash burn; 2021,
unclear. But certainly, it doesn't seem like in Aviation, we're going to have a strong recovery. Any -- so
as we emerge from this, we're going to have more leverage. And I guess the question is, you guys have
made some asset sales to deleverage, what else besides cost reduction can you do to get the balance
sheet better, faster? Is there any other things that you guys are exploring or that you might explore that's
different than what you've done over the past year?

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Well, I would -- I'm not sure I would say that there's a lot that is -- no, please, Carolina.

Carolina Dybeck Happe
Senior VP & CFO

Well, I was going to say that to do things that we haven't done in the last couple of years...

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Yes. Well, I would just say at a high level, we are committed to our deleveraging target of less than 2.5x
on the Industrial side. And I think you've seen us make a lot of progress year-to-date, which I hope
underscores the seriousness of that objective, both on the GE side, right? I think it's $7 billion of debt
reductions in the quarter. And Capital, I think it's up to $10 billion on a year-to-date basis given some
of the things we did in April. Clearly, it's going to take us a while longer here to hit those targets, like I
suspect most companies. But in terms of doing anything new or different, I think we're going to continue
to try to run these businesses as best we can, be as disciplined as we can on the capital front, be smart
and thoughtful relative to some of the other obligations like pension, as you've seen us, relative to the
plan design and some of the settlement options. So I'm not sure they're necessarily new plays per se,
but we'll continue to look at every -- in every option available to continue to strengthen the company,
strengthen the balance sheet, bring those leverage levels down in the face of COVID-19. Carolina, I'm
sorry, I jumped in there. Anything to add there?

Carolina Dybeck Happe
Senior VP & CFO

I would just add that -- to the leverage comment also the liquidity. That's -- at times like this, you do look
at the liquidity. And I think it's important to say that we really want to maintain a high level of cash to
maximize the flexibility. And you have seen the derisking activities that we have made to sort of push out
the debt in the further years. So we keep optionality.

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Yes. And I -- but I think to that, I mean it's just important for us all to remember, we ended the quarter
with $47 billion of liquidity on the back of the BioPharma action and some of the other things that we have
done. So we'll continue to be nimble and flexible, mindful of our obligations and our reality.

Operator

Okay. And from Barclays, we have Julian Mitchell.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe just a question -- maybe just a first question around the working capital dynamics and the free
cash flow at Aviation. I guess there's a lot of industrial businesses where when you get this rapid sales
downdraft, you get a working capital cash offset to an extent and then it reverses whenever the sales
come back. Could you just update us on how you see the working capital cash impact at GE Aviation sort
of in the early stages now in this downturn, what you would expect to happen to working capital when
things recover, and if there's any major difference on the cash dynamics of the "power by the hour type"
service relative to the ad hoc spares activity in Aviation.

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Julian, I would say that...

Carolina Dybeck Happe
Senior VP & CFO

The working capital part...

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Yes. With respect to working capital, I think our primary challenge is really inventory at Aviation, right?
We came into this year knowing we were going to have to adjust to a different schedule with the MAX,
chasing the step-up at Airbus with the 320neo while dealing with a good bit of past due on the commercial
side, both OE and aftermarket, while having pretty good military demand to contend with. That all gets

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

reset here. And one of the real pressures we saw from a cash flow perspective was in inventory at Aviation
in the quarter. So that's where we're going to be most focused, trying to make sure that we reduce
the delinquencies, adjust to reduce production schedules, the lower aftermarket requirements, while
continuing to take care of the military business. That's a complex supply chain undertaking. But the team,
as you can imagine, is keenly focused on using some of the lean tools, working with our supply base to
make sure that we not only take the cost out of the business but bring those inventory levels down in light
of current demand.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

But should we expect -- so I guess I understand...

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Sorry, Julian. Is there a second part to your question? I may have missed that. I think we have a little bit
of delay here.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Yes. I was trying to understand, I guess, in Aviation, you have the drop in EBITDA in a downturn and the
recovery in EBITDA in the early part of the upturn. I was just trying to understand on working capital, is
that cash impact countercyclical? Or is it pro cyclical? So you're getting a working capital outflow through
the downturn as well as the EBITDA decline.

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

I understand the high-level dynamic there that you're alluding to. I think right now, the simple reality
of Aviation, given the pressures and the crosscurrents, is that it is a negative and we need to work to
improve it. How much of a tailwind could it be kind of at this point in the cycle, I think it's too early to tell.
We've got to get on the improvement path first, Julian, to be able to take that potential and deliver it in
the financials as a reality.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

And then my second question was just around the operational issues. So I think it sounds like the cost-out
tailwind should build through the year. But in Q1, you had some operational issues in Power on the service
side, steep decrementals even with the fixed cost down 16%. Renewables, the margins were down despite
a big revenue increase. So I guess what's the conviction that operational inefficiencies will not swallow up
a lot of these cost savings over the balance of the year?

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Well, I think you have to take it business by business, right? If you look at what happened in Power,
clearly, the pushout by customers, because of their own site restrictions and by us on the back of the
travel restrictions, really pushed a lot of high-margin revenue out of the quarter and probably out of the
first half. That was on top of some cost pressures of our own making, which we need to improve upon.
But I think in Power, I believe that the team is doing a very nice job working off the so-called inheritance
taxes, driving real cost improvements. You see that in the headcount reductions here in the first quarter.
And as we get to a more normalized service environment, I think you'll continue to see that turnaround
continue to take flight. I think in Renewables, Julian, it's a different dynamic. Yes, we had phenomenal
revenue growth in the quarter, double the onshore turbine deliveries here in the U.S., got a little bit
better price, about a point of price, which is encouraging to see. But it is, by nature, a very low gross
margin business. So the growth isn't high calorie. Unfortunately, we had a few, what we think are one-
offs, but they're not one-offs until they go away permanently, cost and execution issues. All the while, the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

turnarounds in hydro and grid are, I think, moving forward, but it's early days. And they have a number of
inheritance taxes that will take a few years to work through.

So I think the cost actions that we have talked about today will accelerate those turnarounds in Power and
Renewables. They're dealing with different dynamics in the respective businesses. And that's really why I
think I have the confidence to say that you should expect the decremental margin sequentially to improve,
that the restructuring and the cost actions should present themselves and improve decrementals in the
back half. But we've got work to do to make that happen.

Operator

From Wolfe Research, we have Nigel Coe.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Carolina, great to see you on board. So look, we appreciate all the color in the slides and the additional
color in the queue. So Larry, is it now a base case that Industrial free cash flow will be negative? And
maybe if you could just address the risk of significant cash burn this year. Or is there enough on the cost-
out on the working capital side to maybe mitigate some of that pressure and keep Industrial free cash
relatively steady?

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I think what we're trying to share this morning, Nigel, is that -- probably 3 things. One, we've
been very -- we've been hit hard and fast here, right, in some of our most important, highest-margin
businesses, be it Aviation, in services particularly, Gas Power services, PDx and Healthcare. We think that,
that gets worse before it gets better particularly here in the second quarter with a full effect. It's uncertain
as to how things play out from here. We're going to acknowledge that uncertainty, hence the pulling of
the guide, but we're not going to sit back and hope that it all passes. We're not going to take the view
that we've got a sharp rebound coming, hence the $2 billion of cost actions we've talked about and the $3
billion of cash actions. We're going to do everything we possibly can to control our destiny here without
impairing the long-term value and the long-term trajectory of our company. So we're telling you what we
know today. We wish we knew more but that is really the state of play right now and the approach, the
headset that we're taking to it.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. I appreciate that, Larry. And then I thought one of the real highlights for the quarter was the
underlying strength of the Healthcare margins, ex -- even ex BioPharma, especially given some of the
headwinds you're facing there. So we're seeing strength in small equipment and pressure in big iron. How
does that mix look though? When you look at the mix on smaller patient monitoring equipment, et cetera,
versus the big iron, how does that equipment mix play out to the margins?

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Well, we certainly -- I think the key thing to keep in mind, Nigel, is -- the big iron certainly got hit. The
lower ticket, the lower price points, be it patient monitors, ventilators and the like, certainly got quite a
boost. But it's a small part of the business. So there was a little bit of mix there but not a lot. It was really
more a function, frankly, of the team doing a nice job more broadly, recognizing that absent BioPharma,
we needed to tend to the core cost structure in all its form in the ACS business, right? We've been growing
Healthcare, BioPharma leading the way. We got some good margin support from that business the last
several years. Well, now as we think about the $17 billion core, the teams really, I think, put their sights
the last couple of quarters on growing that business, growing it with accretive margins. And it's really the
cumulative effect that I think you see a bit here in the first quarter before we got hit. They got hit a little
bit later, not as much. You'll see more of that unfortunately here in the second quarter. But I think you've

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

got a team who thinks that like many other med tech companies, they can grow mid -- or low to mid-
single digits over time and put more digital into the mix, better costs. That should give us the opportunity
to grow with accretive margins along the lines of what Kieran laid out in December. And I have no less
conviction about their ability to do that today than we did when we made that presentation, again, mindful
that we've got some gyrations here in the near term to deal with.

Operator

From RBC Capital Markets, we have Deane Dray.

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Wishing everyone good health, and add my welcome to Carolina.

Carolina Dybeck Happe
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you.

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Just 2 questions, both Aviation. A lot of discussion about structural cost-out. And Larry, I'd be interested in
how have you balanced the structural cost-out in Aviation with RIFs and balancing the RIFs and furloughs
versus how you might be compromising the ability to bounce back when it does ramp back up. So that's
the first question. And then the second one, just to make sure I heard it correctly. Were there -- did
you quantify the LEAP cancellations in the quarter? I know there's delivery deferrals. Our experience in
2008 was that you did not see many outright engine cancellations because customers would lose that
nonrefundable deposit. So what's the expectation here in terms of engine cancellations? That's it for me.

H. Lawrence Culp
Chairman & CEO

Deane, maybe I'll take the first part of that and perhaps Carolina can take the second. I think we are
mindful, ever mindful that there will be a recovery, right? And we want to be well positioned for it because
it's going to be a very good business for GE for decades. But I think we are really trying to, again,
embrace our reality and take the cost actions in the aftermarket business and more broadly, at Aviation,
mindful that we've got a period of time here of an unknown duration, but it's not going to be measured in
months, right, where that business is going to be under considerable pressure. So after a period of time,
as the aftermarket has grown as it has the last decade, this is going to give us an opportunity to rethink,
to consolidate all the while mindful of our obligations to customers, the nature of how the footprint has
changed, the changes that are probably still coming. So there are a number of variables. It's very much a
work in progress as well. But I think we've got line of sight to build on some of the temporary actions to
take permanent action, to make sure that we have a lean cost structure with adequate capacity to come
out of the downturn here, well positioned to perform both for customers and for investors.

Operator

Thank you. We'll now turn it back to Steve Winoker for closing remarks.

Carolina Dybeck Happe
Senior VP & CFO

Or do you want me to answer the question on -- second question?

Steven Eric Winoker
Vice President of Investor Communications

Yes. Go ahead, Carolina. Sorry, go ahead. Yes.

H. Lawrence Culp
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Chairman & CEO

Go ahead, Carolina.

Carolina Dybeck Happe
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, you were right because I actually mentioned that in my notes that in our backlog, which was
flat sequentially and up 22% versus prior year, that did include roughly 200 LEAP-1B units for the
cancellations in the quarter. What -- I would say the progress really sounds very small so far. But on top
of that, we also saw GECAS, right? So we have GECAS cancellations, 69 aircraft in April. So that will be
reflected in the second quarter Aviation backlog.

Steven Eric Winoker
Vice President of Investor Communications

Great. Thanks, everybody. I know it's a long call and a busy day. So if you need more, just reach out to us
and best of luck.

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining, and you may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

26

