Genuine Parts Company NYSE:GPC
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 21, 2021 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.63

1.88

Revenue  (mm)

4680.31

4818.85

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-21-2021 3:46 PM GMT

15.34

2.96

1.56

6.43

6.77

4555.67

18470.05

18979.17

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.35

1.14

1.54

1.63

1.52

1.50

1.74

1.88

12.59 %

31.58 %

12.99 %

15.34 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
GENUINE PARTS COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Carol B. Yancey
Executive VP & CFO

Paul D. Donahue
Chairman & CEO

Sidney G. Jones
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

William P. Stengel
President

ANALYSTS

Andrew Joseph Ryan
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Christopher Michael Horvers
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David Leonard Bellinger
Wolfe Research, LLC

Elizabeth Lane Suzuki
BofA Securities, Research Division

Gregory Scott Melich
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Seth Mckain Basham
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

GENUINE PARTS COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Third Quarter 2021 Earnings
Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Senior Vice President, Investor
Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

Sidney G. Jones
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company Third Quarter 2021
Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Paul Donahue, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;
Will Stengel, our President; and Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
As a reminder, today's conference call and webcast include a slide presentation that can be found on the
Genuine Parts Company Investor Relations website.

Please be advised this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to
during today's discussion of our results as reported under generally accepted accounting principles. A
reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings release issued this morning, which is also
posted in the Investors section of our website. Today's call may also involve forward-looking statements
regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any
forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings,
including this morning's press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements made during this call.

Now I'll turn it over to Paul for his remarks.

Paul D. Donahue
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Sid, and good morning. Welcome to our third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. We are
pleased to report strong financial results again this quarter, which reflect the consistent execution of our
strategic priorities as the global markets continue to recover. As we size up the business climate and how
we are managing through the recovery, we can report the GPC team is generating positive momentum in
both our sales and operating results, and we are well positioned for both near- and long-term growth.

Despite inflationary pressures, our margins reflect the success of our category management initiatives
and cost-control efforts, which have offset these increases. And finally, our strategic efforts with our global
supplier partners have prevented significant shortfalls in our overall inventory levels, allowing us to deliver
quality customer service.

Taking a look at our third quarter financial results. Total sales were $4.8 billion, up 10% from last year and
up 11% from Q3 of 2019. We also produced our 16th consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion, and
we further improved our productivity and customer service capabilities with the ongoing execution of our
operational initiatives. As a result, segment profit increased 14% and our segment margin improved 30
basis points to 9.3%. This represents our strongest margin in 2 decades and confirms our key initiatives
are driving meaningful improvement.

Net income was $229 million or $1.59 per diluted share, and adjusted net income was $270 million or
$1.88 per share. This is a 15% increase from 2020 and establishes a new record for GPC's quarterly
earnings. So just an outstanding job by the GPC team.

Total sales for global automotive also set a new record at $3.2 billion for the quarter. This represents an
8% increase from Q3 2020 and a 15% increase from Q3 of 2019. On a comp basis, sales were up 5%
from last year and up 7% on a 2-year stack, with our strongest year-over-year automotive comps coming

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

GENUINE PARTS COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

from the U.S. business. In addition, from a cadence perspective, sales held up well through the quarter,
with the strongest average daily sales volume in each of our geographies coming in September.

The broad strength in our global automotive sales reflects a number of factors. First, we are proud
of our team's efforts to shore up our supply chain amidst the difficult backdrop of product delays and
logistics challenges. Supply chain disruptions have been more substantial for U.S. automotive than in our
international or industrial operations, and we continue to work closely with our global suppliers to manage
through these issues and ensure we have the right inventory available for our customers. We are confident
in the effectiveness of our global sourcing team and believe we are well positioned in the industry.

We also continue to benefit from our key growth initiatives and market tailwind. Among our growth
initiatives, our emphasis on innovative sales programs and sales force effectiveness are positively
impacting commercial sales. As examples, we've recently finalized an exclusive partnership in the
education space for technician recruitment, with over 10,000 active tech students in the process of
earning their credentials. We are also excited that NAPA and AAA have executed an agreement for NAPA
to be the exclusive auto parts supplier for the new AAA-branded premium battery. This battery will be
available to all consumers with a focus on the over 62 million AAA cardholders and 5,400 approved auto
repair centers.

We are also equipping our sales team with incremental resources, training and development, which have
led to more productive customer-facing calls. In addition, our omnichannel investments continue to
drive strong B2B and B2C digital sales. And finally, the international rollout of the NAPA brand is driving
significant growth in both our European and Asia Pac operations.

So now turning to the market tailwinds. These macro drivers include the following: the ongoing reopening
of the economy and improving miles driven, which generate the need for more repairs and more
maintenance; a robust used car market that is keeping more cars on the road longer; and improving
aftermarket fundamentals, such as the growing and aging vehicle fleet, which will continue to benefit the
industry over the long term.

Looking next at our automotive highlights by region. Total U.S. sales were up 9%. Comp sales increased
8% from last year and are up 5% on a 2-year stack. In Canada, total sales were up 1%, with comp sales
essentially flat both year-over-year and on a 2-year stack as lockdowns in major markets have slowed
the recovery. It's been encouraging to see these restrictions easing of late, which should lead to stronger
demand through the final 3 months of 2021.

Our U.S. sales were driven by strong demand for product categories such as exhaust, ride control, brakes,
tools and equipment, which all outperformed. In addition, both retail and commercial ticket and traffic
counts were positive for the third consecutive quarter.

By customer segment, sales to both commercial and retail customers held strong, with DIFM sales
outperforming DIY for the second straight quarter. We do remain pleased, however, with the continued
strength of our DIY business and believe we can drive additional growth with ongoing initiatives such as
B2C digital investments. These include new search features, improving catalog functionality and enhanced
payment options such as buy now and pay later. NAPA online B2C sales continue to grow at a rapid pace,
up over 40% from the third quarter and up 2x from 2019.

The strength in commercial sales in the quarter was driven by several of the initiatives mentioned earlier
as well as the ongoing economic recovery in the U.S. Sales to our major account partners were strongest
with mid-teen growth, followed by sales to our NAPA AutoCare customers, which were up low double
digits. We would add that our NAPA AutoCare membership has surged with the reopening of markets
and includes nearly 400 shop upgrades thus far in 2021. So really terrific momentum for our premier
independent garage program.

Rounding out our commercial segments. Fleet and government and other wholesale customers also posted
high single-digit growth for the quarter. So really strong results across all of our commercial accounts.
These are encouraging trends. And as we look ahead, we remain confident in our growth strategy and our
key priorities to deliver customer value and ultimately sell more parts for more cars.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

GENUINE PARTS COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

Our AAG team in Europe continue to perform well, with total Q3 sales up 8% or up a strong 23% on a
2-year stack. Comp sales increased 2.5% from last year and were up 14% on a 2-year stack. While the
U.K. and Benelux continue to stand out with really strong results, we were pleased with the solid results
in each of our 7 European markets, a reflection of stable market conditions and execution of our key sales
initiatives. These include the continued rollout of the NAPA brand and ongoing emphasis on key account
development, which are driving market share gains.

Now looking at our Asia Pac business. Total sales were up 2% from 2020 and up 18% on a 2-year stack.
Comp sales were up slightly from last year and up 15% on a 2-year stack, with both commercial and retail
sales up double digits, driven by positive growth with both the Repco and NAPA brands. We are really
pleased with these results given the severe lockdowns in the major markets of Sydney, Melbourne and
Auckland during much of the quarter. We are energized to see the reopening of these markets is finally
getting underway, and we expect a surge in demand in the coming months.

So now let's discuss the global industrial segment. Total sales for this segment were $1.6 billion, a strong
15% increase from last year and a 5% increase from 2019. Comp sales were up 13% and up 4% on a
2-year stack. Through the quarter, average daily sales in July and August were in line with the second
quarter, while our strongest results were in the month of September. This quarter's positive momentum
in industrial exceeded our expectations, which is a reflection of the great work by our Motion team and
the strengthening of the industrial economy. Both the PMI and industrial production were positive for the
quarter, and these indicators correlate closely to the overall healthy state of the industrial sales climate.

For the second consecutive quarter, we had positive sales growth across each of our industries served. The
industry sectors that stood out with double-digit growth include our largest customer segment, equipment
and machinery, as well as iron and steel, automotive, aggregate and cement, lumber and wood, fabricated
metals, equipment rental and oil and gas. In addition, our newly added fulfillment and logistics industry
experienced tremendous growth. So as you can see, the current growth in our Industrial business is quite
broad across the markets we serve.

As we have conveyed in our prior calls and in our industrial deep-dive event on September 15, our Motion
business is a market leader in the industrial distribution space in North America and Australasia. The MI
team strive to be the preferred industrial solutions provider in the industries we serve. We partner with
the best manufacturers in the industry to provide Tier 1 brands our customers' demand. In addition, we
are constantly broadening our product offering as well as our service capabilities to maximize our sales
potential and drive market share gains in a very large and fragmented market.

With these fundamentals of our business in mind, our focus on continued profitable growth in this
segment remain grounded in 5 key initiatives: an omnichannel build-out to accelerate e-commerce
growth and drive sales with new customers. As examples, motion.com and our inside sales center,
which has grown from 15 to now 35 reps in just 6 months, continue to drive incremental sales from
new Motion customers; the expansion of our industrial services and value-add solutions in areas such
as equipment repair, conveyance and automation; strategic M&A to generate significant growth in new
markets and new products and services as an industry consolidator; enhanced strategy to create a
dynamic pricing environment that provides us a competitive advantage in the marketplace; and lastly,
network optimization and automation to further improve our operating efficiencies and productivity. We
are pleased with the progress from these initiatives thus far, and we are excited for the opportunities
ahead.

Another third quarter highlight is the publication of our 2021 Sustainability Report update. Our initiatives
and activities over the past year have led to continued progress toward our goal of promoting diversity,
equity and inclusion. We've also taken steps to reduce the environmental footprint of our operations by
reducing energy and emissions while increasing recycling opportunities across the globe. 2020 tested all of
us and accentuated the importance of supporting our people and our communities. We are really proud of
our GPC teammates around the world for their resilience and contributions to furthering our sustainability
goals. We invite you to learn more about these initiatives and our full report, which you can find on the
GPC website.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

GENUINE PARTS COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

So in summary, we made great progress in several important areas during the third quarter. And we
are very pleased with the strong results in our automotive and industrial businesses and the continued
improvement in our sales and operations. We could not be more proud of the GPC team.

Now I'll turn the call over to Will. Will?

William P. Stengel
President

Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everyone. First, let me reiterate Paul's comments and acknowledge the
continued strong team performance this quarter. It's always a proud moment to have the opportunity
to showcase our global team's hard work, relentless customer service and winning performance. It's a
challenging environment, and teams have done an exceptional job to adjust and deliver results.

We continue to remain focused on our key pillars, including talent, sales effectiveness, digital, supply chain
and emerging technology. Teams are executing initiatives well and consider strategic initiatives a central
part of our operating cadence. The teams have rigor around measurement and progress visibility. We
measure unique global initiatives and are ahead of our 2021 plan established at the beginning of the year.

As we execute our GPC strategic planning process for the upcoming year, we reflect on, learn from and
refine our priority initiative execution. In addition, through the year, we share best practices around the
globe for common strategies to help us continuously learn and improve as One GPC team. While our
geographies and end markets are diverse, we share similar GPC global initiatives, all designed to deliver
profitable growth in excess of market growth, operating leverage and free cash flow.

Despite a challenging environment, we're pleased to see more normal team activities and customer
activities starting to be possible in most of our geographies. We recently had the opportunity to meet in
person with the U.S. automotive executive and field management team in Atlanta. We listened to field
feedback, shared performance trends, enjoyed team camaraderie, introduced new talent and collaborated
on strategic priorities for the upcoming year.

Similarly, approximately 70 of our Motion executive and field leaders from around the country recently had
the chance to meet in person for the first time since early 2020 to detail business performance and review
strategic initiative priorities.

In Europe, our AAG executive leadership team recently met together in person for the first time in nearly
2 years. Our Atlanta-based GPC and U.S. NAPA field support team also hosted an employee appreciation
event for 400 teammates that included a well-received visit from our celebrity NAPA racing teammates,
including Chase Elliott.

We're cautiously optimistic our teams in Australasia will soon be able to exit lockdown in November and
also return to a more normal in-person routine. At each of these events, it's energizing to see the positive
attitudes, strong team alignment and visible excitement about our GPC momentum and vision. It's also
reassuring to see our differentiated GPC culture up close and intact.

Paul and I have also had the opportunity to spend time in person with customers and vendors this quarter.
These discussions are critically important as we share our growth vision, listen to feedback and explore
ways to deepen our strategic partnerships. These conversations not only reinforce our GPC core strategic
priorities, talent, sales effectiveness, digital and tech, supply chain and emerging tech, but also always
affirm the unique customer value propositions across our GPC businesses. Growth, technology solutions,
supply chain excellence, product and technical expertise and long-standing local relationships are always
key themes.

As an example, we recently visited with an industrial customer who is enjoying exponential growth. Our
Motion teammates co-locate associates at the customer facility to provide real-time expertise on the plant
floor to ensure the facility is operating to its potential. Part of the discussions with this customer explored
the use of embedded technology solutions that will make customer ordering from Motion easier and faster.
We're building plans to triple the size of this customer relationship over the next few years.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

GENUINE PARTS COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

In our customer discussions, a recent common theme is the supply chain challenges that face our
company. We explain, we believe our global scale, in-country resources, data and analytics, investments
in our supply chain, strategic inventory actions and proactive daily team approach position us to navigate
the headwinds relative to others. We're in constant discussion with highest levels of our supplier partners,
many of which for whom GPC represents a large and important global customer. Over the past quarter,
we've held numerous top-to-top meetings with our global executive leadership and vendor partners
to review progress and jointly problem solve. It's a challenging environment but our global teams and
partners are proactively acting each day to navigate it.

Turning to our focus on talent. We recently completed an end-to-end strategic review of our global
GPC employee value proposition and talent initiatives. This disciplined work ensures we have the right
capabilities aligned to our current and future business strategies. The work also ensures we're constantly
striving to be an employer of choice in this dynamic and competitive talent environment.

Around the globe, we continue to take deliberate action to lead, recognize and ensure the well-being
of our teams. For example, we recently streamlined recruiting processes to move faster to attract
talent, introduced new wellness incentives, improved holiday schedules, enhanced vacation eligibility
and flexibility, invested in health care costs to reduce the burden on our associates, improved tuition
reimbursement programs and relaxed dress code policies, to name a few. As talent is our most important
advantage, we'll always work to take care of and invest in our people.

We also continue to execute well against our broader digital and technology initiatives. During the quarter,
the teams have made exciting progress under leadership of our new Chief Information and Digital Officer,
Naveen Krishna. We're focused on building high-performing teams that engineer technology to solve
customers' problems at scale. In addition, we'll optimize human and financial resources to focus on the
most critical and impactful activities. Our emerging technology initiatives, including electric vehicles
and related technologies, also continue to advance. The global teams are partnering well to execute a
disciplined and coordinated strategy. We're pleased with the team momentum, and we'll continue to
dedicate resources to this exciting effort.

Last, the teams are executing our M&A strategy with discipline. For example, we added several store
groups to our North American and European automotive network to increase local market density, and
we announced the acquisition of J&S Automotive Distributors, a leading automotive parts distributor in
Ireland. This new geography represents the 15th country in which GPC operates.

In addition, we were pleased to recently sign a definitive agreement to acquire Auto Accessories Garage, a
leading U.S.-based digital platform specializing in automotive accessories. This strategic digital acquisition
adds new capabilities and accelerates the strategic product category for the U.S. automotive team. The
acquisition pipeline is active, and we remain disciplined to prioritize transactions we believe meet all of our
GPC strategic and financial criterion. We are thrilled to welcome our newest teammates to the global GPC
family.

Overall, we are really pleased with the record-setting team performance. Despite uncontrollable
headwinds, the teams continue to rally together each day to service customers and deliver performance.
We look forward to working hard to close the year strong and build on our solid momentum as we move
forward into 2022.

With that, I'll now turn the call over to Carol to review the financial details.

Carol B. Yancey
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Will, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. We are very pleased with our third quarter
financial performance, and we look forward to sharing a few additional details with you.

Recapping revenues. Total GPC sales were $4.8 billion in the third quarter, up 10%. Gross margin
improved to 35.5%, an increase of 50 basis points from 35.0% last year. Our improvement in gross
margin was primarily driven by the increase in supplier incentives due to improved volumes and the
positive impact of strategic category management initiatives.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

GENUINE PARTS COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

In the third quarter, we had continued pricing activity with our suppliers as anticipated, resulting in
additional product cost inflation. Our team was positioned to address these increases with effective pricing
and global sourcing strategies, and price inflation proved neutral to gross margin.

On a total company basis, we estimate a 3% inflationary impact on Q3 sales, consisting of 3.5% inflation
in global automotive and 1% to 2% in industrial. Based on current trends, we expect to see additional
price inflation in the fourth quarter, and we will utilize our strategies to protect our gross margin as
appropriate.

Our total adjusted operating and nonoperating expenses were $1.35 billion in the third quarter, up 11%
from 2020 and 28% of sales. The increase from last year is due to several factors, including the prior
year benefit of approximately $60 million in temporary savings related to the pandemic. Additionally, our
third quarter expenses reflect the increase in variable costs on the $450 million in additional year-over-
year sales as well as cost pressures in areas such as wages, incentive compensation, freight, rents and
health insurance. We continue to execute on our ongoing initiatives to control expenses and improve our
operations. While pleased with our progress thus far, we see room for further improvement in the quarters
ahead.

Our total segment profit in the third quarter was $447 million, up 14%. Our segment profit margin was
9.3% compared to 9.0% last year, a 30 basis point year-over-year improvement and up 130 basis points
from 2019. So we're really pleased with the continued improvement and the excellent work by our team.

Looking ahead, we raised our margin expectations for the full year, and we currently expect segment profit
margin to improve 40 to 50 basis points from 2020 or 80 to 90 basis points from 2019. This would be
our strongest full year margin in more than 20 years. Our tax rate for the third quarter was 24.9% on an
adjusted basis, up from 23.4% last year, with the increase in rate primarily related to income mix shift to
higher-tax jurisdictions.

Our third quarter net income from continuing operations was $229 million with diluted earnings per share
of $1.59. Our adjusted net income was $270 million or $1.88 per diluted share, which compares to $237
million or $1.63 per adjusted diluted share in the prior year, a 15% increase.

So turning to our third quarter results by segment. Our total automotive revenue was $3.2 billion, up 8%
from last year. Our segment profit increased 6% to $281 million with profit margin a solid 8.8%. While
down 20 basis points from 2020 due to the prior year benefit of temporary savings, this represents an 80
basis point margin improvement over 2019 and reflects the underlying progress in our operations.

For the 9 months, profit margin is 8.6%, up 80 basis points from 2020 and up 90 basis points from 2019,
driven primarily by margin expansion in our U.S. and European operations. Our industrial sales were $1.6
billion, up 15% from 2020. Segment profit of $166 million was up a strong 32% from a year ago, and
profit margin improved to 10.3%. This is 140 basis points from 2020 and up 220 basis points from 2019
and the first double-digit margin for industrial since the fourth quarter of 2006. Year-to-date, profit margin
for this segment is 9.4%, up 120 basis points from 2020 and up 150 basis points from 2019. So this group
is executing very well and posting excellent operating results through the industrial recovery.

So now let's turn our comments to the balance sheet. At September 30, total accounts receivable is down
3.5%, primarily due to the timing of the $300 million in accounts receivables sold in October of 2020.
Inventory was up 10%, in line with our sales increase and a reflection of our commitment to having the
right parts in the right place at the right time. Accounts payable increased 20% from last year due to
the increase in inventory and favorable payment terms with certain suppliers. Our AP-to-inventory ratio
improved to 129% from 118% last year.

Our total debt is $2.4 billion, down $474 million or 16% from September of last year and down $245
million from December 31 of 2020. We closed the third quarter with available liquidity of $2.4 billion, and
our total debt to adjusted EBITDA improved to 1.5x from 2.2x last year. So our teams continue to do an
outstanding job of optimizing our working capital and our capital structure.

We also continue to generate strong cash flow with another $300 million in cash from operations in the
third quarter and $1 billion for the 9 months. For the full year, we expect our earnings growth and working

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

GENUINE PARTS COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

capital to drive $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion in cash from operations and free cash flow of $950 million to
$1.15 billion.

Our key priorities for cash remain the reinvestment in our businesses through capital expenditures,
M&A, share repurchases and the dividend. For the 9 months, we have invested $138 million in capital
expenditures, and we have plans for additional investments to drive organic growth and improve
efficiencies and productivity in our operations through the balance of the year.

In addition, we have used approximately $143 million in cash for strategic acquisitions to accelerate
growth. These investments include several automotive store groups across our markets, including the
entry into Ireland discussed earlier. We continue to generate a robust pipeline of additional strategic and
bolt-on acquisitions in both automotive and industrial segments. This would include Auto Accessories
Garage, as mentioned before, which we expect to close in the fourth quarter.

Consistent with our long-standing dividend policy, we have also paid a total cash dividend of more than
$349 million to our shareholders through the 9 months. The company has paid a dividend every year since
going public in 1948 and has increased the dividend for 65 consecutive years. And as part of our share
repurchase program, we have also been active with share buybacks dating back to 1994. In the third
quarter, we used $100 million to purchase 800,000 shares, and year-to-date, we have used $284 million
to purchase 2.2 million shares. The company is currently authorized to repurchase up to 12.2 million
additional shares, and we expect to remain active in this program in the quarters ahead.

So turning to our current outlook for 2021. We are raising our full year guidance previously provided in our
earnings release on July 22, 2021. We expect total sales for 2021 to be in the range of plus 12% to plus
13%, an increase from our previous guidance of plus 10% to plus 12%. As usual, this excludes the benefit
of any unannounced future acquisitions.

By business, we are guiding to plus 14% to plus 15% total sales growth for the automotive segment, an
increase from plus 11% to plus 13%; and a total sales increase of plus 10% to plus 11% for the industrial
segment, an increase from plus 6% to plus 8%.

On the earnings side, we're raising our guidance for adjusted diluted earnings per share to a range of
$6.60 to $6.65, which is up 25% to 26% from 2020. This represents an increase from our previous
guidance of $6.20 to $6.35. So we're encouraged by the strength in our financial results for the third
quarter and the 9 months, and we enter the fourth quarter focused on our initiatives to meet or exceed
our outlook for the year. We look forward to reporting on our financial performance for the fourth quarter
and full year in February.

Thank you, and I'll now turn it back over to Paul.

Paul D. Donahue
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Carol. As we close out another strong quarter, we are pleased with our progress in driving
profitable growth, strong cash flow and shareholder value. We attribute the positive momentum in our
business to our global teamwork and disciplined focus across all of our operations. Our team is confident in
the strategic plans we have put in place to capture long-term growth and margin expansion.

Our strategic plans, combined with an exceptional balance sheet, position GPC with the financial strength
and flexibility to pursue strategic growth opportunities via investments in organic and acquisitive growth
while also returning capital to shareholders through the dividend and share repurchases. So as we look
ahead, we are encouraged to see the impact of the global pandemic subsiding, while the fundamentals
of our 2 global businesses remain rock solid. Our GPC teams around the world are stepping up under
challenging circumstances and taking great care of our customers. So we thank you for your interest in
GPC. And we thank each of our GPC teammates for their passion, their dedication and their hard work.
So with that, let me turn the call back to the operator for your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

GENUINE PARTS COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Chris Horvers of JPMorgan.

Christopher Michael Horvers
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So my first question is, you talked about September being the best average daily volume in the
automotive business. And obviously, Motion had a very strong 2-year acceleration. So can you talk about
sort of the potential outcomes on a -- in the fourth quarter on the comps in both businesses? And given
that commentary, would you expect that the 2-year trend could accelerate in the fourth quarter on comps?

Paul D. Donahue
Chairman & CEO

Well, Chris, first off, thanks for your question. You hit it. When you look across all of our businesses, the
quarter -- the third quarter got stronger as we progressed with September being our strongest month.
And what we can tell you is that the trends that we saw in September are carrying over into the month of
October. So we're feeling good about where we are, and we certainly feel really good about the projections
that we put out there for Q4. So yes, right now, everything is looking pretty solid.

Christopher Michael Horvers
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Excellent. And then, Carol, can you diagnose maybe the 50 basis points of gross margin expansion? Some
of that -- it was vendor allowance. Some of those vendor allowance, some of it was pricing. How much of
that is perhaps not sustainable on the vendor allowance side? And then how does that sort of parlay into
your views about Motion's operating margin over time?

Carol B. Yancey
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. No, it's -- look, we couldn't be more proud of the team and the work that was done in gross margin. I
really want to give thanks to our procurement teams and all of our teams because there has been a ton of
efforts related to gross margin.

So when we think about the inflationary impacts and having to deal with that, but honestly, our initiatives,
category management initiatives, global sourcing, pricing strategy, it was vendor allowances. But quite
honestly, in addition to that and especially when you look at the year-to-date numbers, it is the benefit --
the ongoing benefit of all our category management initiatives, which includes pricing and global sourcing.

So I think in the quarter, you did have more of an impact related to volume incentives. But I think, again,
taking into account everything and inflation, quite honestly, was neutral to our rate. So as we look ahead,
we're not concerned about gross margin in Q4. And in fact, contemplated in our guidance and our outlook
is that we would continue to have a positive impact in Q4, which would have us be positive for the year
and then also extremely positive on a 2-year stack basis.

Christopher Michael Horvers
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And then on the Motion operating margin?

Carol B. Yancey
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. The Motion operating margin, I think where you see them through the 9 months, which just, again,
incredible operating performance for them, and it is both gross margin and expense leverage. And they

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

GENUINE PARTS COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

have really permanently lowered their cost structure. But I think we will see continued improvement in Q4
for the industrial operating margin, and that would give them sort of an implied 80 to 90 bps improvement
for the full year, which is just outstanding, and again, much stronger than that on a 2-year stack basis.

Operator

Our next question is from Bret Jordan of Jefferies.

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

You commented about share gains in automotive and, I guess, as it relates to the U.S. Are you seeing the
share shift sort of smaller WDs giving up share? Or are there real shifts amongst the larger players in the
space?

Paul D. Donahue
Chairman & CEO

I'll take a shot at that, Bret. Thanks for your question. Look, it's hard to say where we're gaining the
share. I can tell you with some of the product categories that we look at and the growth that we're seeing
in Q3 and on top of a really solid Q2, we have to be outpacing the general market.

But we're also the first one out, Bret. So we'll see what the numbers look like here going forward. Bottom
line is, as we all know, the automotive aftermarket is incredibly fragmented. We like where we're at. We
like the performance by our NAPA team. And they had a terrific quarter and actually had terrific back-
to-back quarters. And as I mentioned in the initial question, we're out of the gates in great shape in the
month of October. So we expect that to continue.

And I would also comment, Bret, that we feel the same way about our international automotive businesses
in our European team as well as our Asia Pac team continue to perform at a high level.

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

And I guess my follow-up question relates to the European team. I guess what are you seeing as you
rolled out the NAPA private-label program in Europe. Is that gaining traction? And maybe if you could give
us a feeling for how the margin benefit of private label looks over there.

Paul D. Donahue
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I'll touch on the acceptance part. Maybe, Carol, you weigh in on the margins. The acceptance, Bret,
I have to tell you is beyond our expectation, so much so that we are accelerating our -- the number of
product lines, and we're accelerating the pace with which we're rolling those out.

So as you look across our European aftermarket business, we really started in the U.K., and our U.K.
business continues to outperform. And now we've rolled that out into the other markets. And I have to tell
you, it's really surpassed our expectations, so really pleased. And I would also say we're rolling it out in
Australia and New Zealand as well with similar results.

Carol B. Yancey
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So on the margin standpoint, the private label, specifically for Europe, is neutral to their gross margin
rate. Having said that, it is favorable from a working capital standpoint because many of the private label
comes with extended terms. So the team has been able to see the benefit of that. And in turn, they're
taking their working capital improvements and reinvesting in additional product offerings and additional
M&A, such as J&S that Paul and Will talked about earlier.

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

GENUINE PARTS COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

Okay. What do you say as a percentage of your inventory mix being private label over there?

Carol B. Yancey
Executive VP & CFO

We haven't really given that out yet. I mean it's starting off slow with a number of product lines, and we
really haven't given out a target. It's not going to be something -- it's not ever going to be like what you
see certainly in the U.S. But going to a 10% or something like that, an incremental improvement year in,
year out, I think you can expect that.

Paul D. Donahue
Chairman & CEO

Bret -- if you go back in time, Bret, when we first went into Europe back in 2017, there was very little, if
any, private brands sold through the AAG network. So everything that we're moving through right now and
the NAPA brand is all incremental. And as Carol said, we're targeting 10%. We think that's a good number,
but we could certainly increase that in the years ahead as we expand into new product categories.

Operator

Our next question is from Greg Melich of Evercore ISI.

Gregory Scott Melich
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

My first one was on inflation. The 3% that you saw in third quarter sales, what should that accelerate to?
Or does it need to accelerate into the fourth quarter to keep it neutral on a margin standpoint?

Carol B. Yancey
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So we think the fourth quarter is probably in the 3% to 4% range. We would say that, that would
be 3% to 4% for our global automotive and 1% to 2% for industrial. It's slightly higher on the U.S.
automotive than it is on international automotive.

But Greg, having said that, and again, I couldn't be more pleased with our teams, they are doing a
tremendous job. And we do not think despite having incremental inflation coming in Q4, we're confident in
our ability to manage through that and be able to continue to deliver gross margin improvement.

Gregory Scott Melich
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And has there been any shift in mix or any sort of demand disruption? This is accepted by the customer?

Carol B. Yancey
Executive VP & CFO

Well, Greg, I guess just generally, what we would say, when you look at our top line results and you
look at the strong demand, whether it's industrial or automotive, I mean, at this point, we haven't seen
the pushback and part of it is the nature of our business that is nondiscretionary. So we haven't seen
necessarily the pushback. Pricing has stayed rational, and inflation is in all sectors, all industries. So really
haven't seen that yet.

Gregory Scott Melich
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Got it. Makes sense. And then the second was a little more strategic. Will, you talked about the M&A out
there and some of the strategic things you've added. I know historically, you guys have had a nice model
kind of paying 8x EBITDA for things and getting some synergies and then rolling it in. What's the current
environment now in terms of just finding the right opportunities and paying what you're used to paying for
acquisitions?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

GENUINE PARTS COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

William P. Stengel
President

Yes. Greg, it's a good question. Thanks for it. It is certainly a dynamic M&A market. I think, as we alluded
to, we have a very disciplined approach to thinking about deals, whether it's financially, operationally,
strategically, et cetera. And for us, it's all about the value-creation potential. And I think on our industrial
conference, I made a comment talking about creating value so that the 8 or 9x becomes something lower
than that. And so that's how we think about deals is what does this business look like and how much value
can we create when we bring it into the GPC family.

Paul D. Donahue
Chairman & CEO

Greg, I would also add on to that. When we look at our bolt-on acquisitions in the automotive space,
whether it's in Europe or here across North America, those continue to be very reasonable and rational
and are very close to our historic kind of valuations. But as Will said, we will continue to be incredibly
disciplined as we look at M&A here going forward.

Gregory Scott Melich
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

That's a great summary. So congrats to you all and good luck.

Paul D. Donahue
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Greg.

Carol B. Yancey
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you.

Operator

Our next question is from Daniel Imbro of Stephens.

Andrew Joseph Ryan
Stephens Inc., Research Division

This is Andrew on for Daniel. So on the industrial side of the business, September PMI stepped up a bit. It
was a nice surprise. How are you -- are you able to meet the demand in the market today? Have you had
any issues with fill rate?

Paul D. Donahue
Chairman & CEO

Well, our industrial business has held up -- well, you see the numbers, Andrew, that our industrial
numbers are as strong as they've ever been. We had a terrific -- the team had a terrific Q3.

We're not seeing the type of supply chain disruptions on the industrial side as we're seeing across the
automotive -- North American automotive sector. So they're in good shape, not to mention our industrial
team going into 2021 did not trim back their inventories. They were in a good place in inventory, and that
has largely held up throughout the course of the year, which has led to that great sales increase. They
popped in Q3. So all is good on the industrial front.

Andrew Joseph Ryan
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Excellent. So on the call, you mentioned adding in some buy now, pay later. Is that something you're just
rolling out on the DIY side? Or do you see an opportunity to maybe roll that out to the DIFM channel to
help out with affordability on repairs?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

GENUINE PARTS COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

Paul D. Donahue
Chairman & CEO

Yes. It's a great question. It's mostly on the DIY side, and it's early days with the pilot that we're testing.
But I'll tell you, it's a good example of kind of understanding and listening to the customer and then
coming up with some solutions that meet these needs. So it's early days, but online retail is probably the
place where that's most relevant.

Operator

Our next question is from Seth Basham of Wedbush Securities.

Seth Mckain Basham
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division

My question is on the U.S. auto business and the acceleration in growth that you saw in September. Was
that just a function of comparison? Or is there something else that might have driven the acceleration in
September and into October?

Paul D. Donahue
Chairman & CEO

Well, I would tell you, Seth, that I think it's a combination of factors. I think our U.S. automotive team
continues to get their legs under them. The year continues to get better as we go. I mentioned October
is looking strong. It's looking strong across all regions of the country. It's looking strong in both DIY and
DIFM. And we don't see it slowing.

I would also comment that we had our best month -- our best quarter with our big partners on the major
account side. Our AutoCare business continues strong. And Seth, our DIY business continue strong. So it's
really across the board. It's held up well, and we're seeing that trend continue in the month of October as
well.

Seth Mckain Basham
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division

Got it. And just as a follow-up, when you think about new customer growth, have you seen any
acceleration there? Or is it more about growing business with existing customers and the major accounts
in NAPA AutoCare?

Paul D. Donahue
Chairman & CEO

It's really both, Seth. And again, I would give our team high marks on the strategy they put together
going into 2021, which was all around sales team effectiveness and putting more sales reps out on the
street and getting them focused on the end-user customer.

And even when you look at our -- kind of what we deem as our all other wholesale business, which is a
significant chunk of business, that was up high single digits year-over-year. So I think a combination of
growing business with existing customers, but also kind of restructuring our approach to the customers
with our sales team and really driving a lot of new business as well. So very pleased with the NAPA team
and where we find ourselves.

Operator

Our next question is from Liz Suzuki of Bank of America.

Elizabeth Lane Suzuki
BofA Securities, Research Division

So Will had mentioned a number of enhancements to employee benefits with a focus on being a global
employer of choice. Can you quantify the cost of these initiatives? Or if you can't explicitly break out how

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

GENUINE PARTS COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

much you think SG&A would be impacted, do you think it's fair to say that growth in wages and benefits is
likely to be elevated compared to historical growth rates for the foreseeable future?

Carol B. Yancey
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I guess I would comment. And again, these are just great things. They're really important to our
teammates and they're important for the workforce. And yet having said that, they don't come with
significant cost. I mean what we would point to that -- is just more relevant on the SG&A is just the true
labor and wage inflation that we're seeing. Part of it is making sure that you have competitive benefit
programs and things like that. We talked about health care and some of those things, paid time-off
vacation.

But I think more important and more significant is just the true wage inflation that we're seeing. Having
said that, though, again, we couldn't be more pleased with the team's hard work in really permanently
reducing our cost structure and being able to offset a lot of that inflationary impact with some of our
initiatives. So I would not say that you need to model anything in there for the incremental benefit of
those type of programs. And all that is contemplated in our full year operating margin improvement that
we've kind of modeled. So we feel good about it going forward.

Elizabeth Lane Suzuki
BofA Securities, Research Division

Got it. And then on a follow-up to that, just given the increase in the guidance for the year, I'd imagine
that the quarter came in ahead of your expectations and that there are some encouraging leading
indicators that make you feel increasingly optimistic about the fourth quarter. So I'm curious where the
results have most surprised to the upside versus your prior estimates.

Carol B. Yancey
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think -- look, there weren't any major surprises. Our results were really due to the stronger sales
and continued recovery in automotive and industrial, the 16th consecutive quarter of gross margin gains
with a highly inflationary environment, but having cost controls to really drive improved margins was
important. We had terrific cash flow in the quarter, and again, with all the supply chain disruptions.

So having that higher volume, and really the industrial recovery, has been coming quicker each quarter.
So that went into our thinking as we look at the rest of the year, but we feel really good about Q4. But
again, it's been a great team effort. And I think as we've seen each quarter, recoveries and the reopening
of economies and the fundamentals have just gotten better each quarter.

Operator

Our last question comes from David Bellinger of Wolfe Research.

David Leonard Bellinger
Wolfe Research, LLC

Very nice results today. So on the 350 basis points of inflationary benefits within automotive, you're
expecting a similar rate in Q4. Are there any -- are the majority of those price increases fully rolled out
at this point? Or is there still some room to go into next year? Are you taking any pricing actions that are
different from your competitors at this point?

Carol B. Yancey
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Look, I mean it's a very fluid environment with these price increases, I mean, as they're presented
to us. And again, the global sourcing and supply chain and procurement teams work very closely with
the vendors, and they look at timing. We look at areas that we can have time to work into those price

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

GENUINE PARTS COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

increases. We look at accelerating purchases. I mean there's a lot of work that's being done. And the
timing of when they go to market is a factor in that as well.

So there will be some that carries over into next year, certainly, but it's a day-to-day, week-to-week
negotiation right now. It is more normal inflation in industrial, so keep that in mind. The 1% to 2% is just
more normal inflation for them. It's really the U.S. automotive that's got the heightened inflation, again,
international automotive a little more normal.

So we will have some that goes into next year, but again, teams are doing a great job to work through
that and have improvement.

David Leonard Bellinger
Wolfe Research, LLC

Got it. And then I also want to ask kind of "buy now, pay later" feature. Is there any way you could frame
the potential size of that opportunity? Is it really aimed at widening the NAPA customer base in some way?
And just given that initiative and the acquisition you announced today, are you expecting this elevated
online percentage of the business has remained sticky in the coming years?

Paul D. Donahue
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I'll take a shot at the first part of that, David. the "buy now, pay later" pilot, we're in about 250 NAPA
stores. And look, I give our team credit for jumping on the opportunity. It's so early yet. It's -- I would
misspeak if I tried to put a number to it. It's something new. We've never done it before. We're not doing
it anywhere else in the world at this point. So I would just tell you kind of stay tuned and certainly more to
come on that initiative.

And then -- I'm sorry, the second part of your question -- oh, online. Certainly, the acquisition that was
announced, Automotive Accessories Garage, we're excited about that acquisition. And it really goes hand-
in-hand, David, with recent strategies, where we acquired Winparts in Europe, we acquired Sparesbox in
Australia a few years back. And it's really just broadening our knowledge base and expertise into all things
online.

I would certainly expect that this initiative here in the U.S. will follow in a same -- kind of on the same
track that we've done in the international markets. And I'm very pleased to tell you that they have
exceeded our expectations. It's still early at Winparts in Europe, but I would tell you that early results are
very, very, very favorable. And we expect to see the same as we really just expand our knowledge base in
selling products online.

Operator

We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to
management for closing remarks.

Carol B. Yancey
Executive VP & CFO

We'd like to thank you for your participation in today's earnings call. We look forward to updating you on
our year-end and fourth quarter results in February, and thank you for your support.

Operator
This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your
participation, and have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

GENUINE PARTS COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

