Gilead Sciences, Inc. NasdaqGS:GILD
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 30, 2020 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.45

1.11

(23.45 %)

1.68

6.75

6.89

Revenue  (mm)

5303.19

5143.00

(3.02 %)

5992.19

23368.16

23871.87

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-28-2020 10:18 PM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.73

1.67

1.56

1.45

1.75

1.30

1.68

1.11

1.16 %

(22.16 %)

7.69 %

(23.45 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew D. Dickinson
Executive VP & CFO

Christi L. Shaw
Chief Executive Officer of Kite

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Diana Brainard
Senior Vice President of HIV &
Emerging Viral Infections

Douglas Maffei
Senior Director of Investor
Relations

Johanna Mercier
Chief Commercial Officer

Merdad V. Parsey
Chief Medical Officer

ANALYSTS

Alethia Rene Young
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research
Division

Brian Corey Abrahams
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Evan David Seigerman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Geoffrey Craig Porges
SVB Leerink LLC, Research
Division

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Matthew Thomas Holt
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Robyn Kay Shelton Karnauskas
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Tyler Martin Van Buren
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Second Quarter 2020 Gilead
Sciences Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference may
be recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I'd now like to hand the conference over to your host today, Mr. Douglas Maffei, Senior Director of Investor
Relations. Please go ahead.

Douglas Maffei
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Liz, and good afternoon, everyone. Just after market closed today, we issued a press release
with earnings results for the first half and second quarter of 2020. The press release and detailed slides
are available on the Investors section of the Gilead website.

The speakers on today's call will be Daniel O'Day, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Johanna Mercier,
Chief Commercial Officer; Merdad Parsey, Chief Medical Officer; and Andrew Dickinson, Chief Financial
Officer. Also on the call and available for Q&A will be Christi Shaw, Chief Executive Officer of Kite; and
Diana Brainard, SVP and Head of our Virology Therapeutic area.

Before we begin with our prepared remarks, let me remind you that we will be making forward-looking
statements, including risks and uncertainties related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Gilead's
business, financial condition and the results of operations, plans and expectations with respect to
products, product candidates, corporate strategy, financial projections and the use of capital and 2020
financial guidance, all of which involve certain assumptions, risks and uncertainties that are beyond our
control and could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. A description of these
risks can be found in the earnings press release and our latest SEC disclosure documents.

All forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to Gilead, and Gilead assumes
no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements.

Non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help you understand the company's underlying business
performance. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations are provided in the earnings press release as well as
on the Gilead website.

I will now turn the call over to Dan.

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Doug, and good afternoon, everyone. I'd like to start by thanking our Gilead employees
worldwide, who, along with our partners, continue to go above and beyond to meet our many
responsibilities at this time. Those responsibilities include advancing remdesivir, supporting work across
our other medicines that are helping patients today and building our pipeline of future therapies. We'll
cover each of those during today's call. I'm pleased to have the team with me here to provide an
overview, and we all look forward to answering your questions. I'll start things off with some of my
perspectives.

The first thing I want to comment on is the continued strength and durability of our core HIV business.
We've grown market share even as we navigated the expected impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and
we're already seeing early signs of recovery from that impact in some markets. We are confident in
our long-term leadership in HIV. People living with HIV depend on innovative therapies that meet their
needs and Gilead is and has always been focused on meeting those needs. Biktarvy has become the gold
standard in HIV treatment, and we're on track with our conversion to discovery for PrEP treatment. The

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

principles that have driven our HRD growth to date still apply and will continue to drive our growth in the
future.

The second area I want to comment on is our role in fighting the pandemic with remdesivir. There's a
growing body of clinical and real-world data that continues to shape our understanding of the medicine.
The data tell a consistent story of clinical benefit for patients suffering from COVID-19, across our SIMPLE
studies, the NIAID data, the compassionate use data and more recently, the comparative analysis that
used real-world data.

I'd also like to highlight some details on our efforts to ensure broad access to remdesivir in the second
half of the year and beyond. As we discussed last time, we feel the full weight of our responsibilities with
remdesivir, and that applies to the price we set following the donation period. We price remdesivir well
below the value it provides to enable access at this critical time and ensure that we continue to meet our
responsibilities in the future with further investment in remdesivir and in research that will help us to
prepare for any future pandemics.

The extensive clinical development work continues on remdesivir, so that we can potentially extend the
treatment to many more patient groups. We've begun clinical work on an inhaled solution that could be
used outside the hospital, and we'll also conduct clinical trials using the intravenous formulation in the
outpatient setting such as nursing homes. Merdad will talk more about the development program later.

As you know, we've agreed to the U.S. government requests following discussions about the significant
rise of COVID-19 infections in the United States that U.S. patients will receive 500 million treatment
courses of our supply until the end of September when we expect to have enough remdesivir to meet real-
time global demand.

As announced yesterday, we're pleased to have reached an agreement with the European Commission,
where they will centrally purchase remdesivir for patients in the European Union and the U.K. The
European Commission will be responsible for all decisions regarding allocation among member states.
The remaining supply of remdesivir will be allocated to other countries with significant rates of COVID-19
infection. We will see a significant increase in supplies in October as expected.

The third theme I want to touch on is the progress we're making in shaping Gilead's growth story. You
may recall that we previously shared a framework outlining the 3 pillars that will shape Gilead's next
chapter, and you'll see these in the slides on our website today as well. I've already touched on the first
pillar, which is our durable core business, and Johanna will describe our achievements on this front in more
detail in a moment.

Pillar 2 is our pipeline, and we made important progress across several potentially transformational assets
in a relatively short period of time with a balance of both internal innovation and acquired investigational
compounds.

Pillar 3 is our strategy to drive future growth by accessing the highest-quality external innovation in order
to serve more patients. The pace of our corporate development activities has not slowed down a bit during
this pandemic time.

I'd like to highlight the progress we made this year on executing on our immuno-oncology strategy. Our
goal is to grow our immuno-oncology pipeline and our expertise, both through external opportunities
and by advancing our internal efforts. The range of immuno-oncology deals we've announced this year
represent significant progress towards this goal. These deals bring complementary scientific approaches
and provide access to clinical and preclinical assets with a view to both mid- and long-term growth.

Before I hand over to the team for the detailed comments in our progress, I want to briefly mention
something that we see as another key area of responsibility for the company, the work against racial
injustice. We are passionately committed to using Gilead's platform for what we see as a global issue that
calls on everyone to play a role. The leadership team and I have spent the past weeks listening carefully
to black employees as they started to share with us how they, their families and their communities
experienced racial injustice in various forums. Gilead is committed to both immediate and long-term
actions that will have a lasting impact for our employees and the communities that we serve.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Let me now hand the call off to Johanna, who will walk us through some of the key details related to our
business performance. Over to you, Johanna.

Johanna Mercier
Chief Commercial Officer

Thanks, Dan, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me start by saying that despite the anticipated impact
of the pandemic, our business is solid and remains resilient. While COVID-19 has had an impact on parts
of our business this past quarter, we're built to withstand this kind of challenge, and we remain confident
in the strength of our core business. No one can actually predict the progression of this pandemic, but we
do see signs of recovery and partial return to normal in Europe as well as some parts of Asia, and we're
confident that this will also play out in the U.S. once the incident stabilizes.

Turning now to the specifics of Q2 and the first half for business performance, starting with HIV. Our HIV
franchise is strong and durable. In both treatment and prevention, we have a patient-focused history of
innovation and believe both will continue to be important drivers for the company over the next decade. In
June, we hit our stated year-end goal, this conversion to TAF-based regimens on the treatment side and
are now at 90% of our total portfolio.

Biktarvy uptake continues to remain strong across geographies and is the #1 HIV treatment regimen
across the U.S., EU5 and other key global markets in both naïve and switch. For PrEP, we achieved our
goal of 40% to 45% Descovy conversion with 43% at the end of June.

We continue to believe that physicians and patients are benefiting from choice and are increasingly seeing
Biktarvy for treatment and Descovy for PrEP as the preferred option for their patients.

The quarter overall was down year-on-year 1% and quarter-over-quarter by 3%. The impact on our HIV
revenue, including Biktarvy, was primarily driven by inventory dynamics. In Q2, we saw a reversal of the
pandemic-related stocking that happened in March during the onset of COVID across U.S. and Europe.
Also on the treatment side, as expected, we're seeing reduced switches due to the decline in patient visits
and physicians not wanting to initiate new therapies during a pandemic. We're also seeing an unfavorable
shift in payer mix from commercial to government segments. Despite this, our overall demand remained
robust with both the overall Gilead portfolio and Biktarvy gaining share quarter-over-quarter and year-on-
year.

The pandemic impacted PrEP demand as expected, and we saw reduced initiations and therapy
discontinuations due to fewer people seeing their health care providers and social dynamics. We're starting
to see gradual recovery across our markets, including in the U.S., where we saw improving PrEP trends in
June.

Strong Biktarvy uptake and Descovy for PrEP conversion during the quarter underscores the confidence we
have in our core HIV business as we expect to recover from the pandemic over the remainder of the year
and going into 2021.

If we look at our HIV business, comparing the first half of revenue this year versus 2019, we see the
robust underlying business with 6% growth. The half year view normalizes the inventory dynamics
associated with the pandemic.

So now we turn to HCV. Our HCV business, which is more like an acute business, was down 47% from Q2
of '19 and down 39% from Q1 this year. As we discussed during the Q1 call, reduced or delayed physician
visits naturally decreased both diagnosis and patient starts. U.S. HCV starts were down 42% quarter-over-
quarter. However, overall U.S. HCV share has held strong at about 60% across segments, which is up 11
points from Q2 2019. Similarly, we are seeing strong and consistent share in Europe as well.

As other markets start to reopen, similar to what we saw in June and July across Europe, it's likely we
will see many patients return throughout the rest of the year and into 2021. As an example of this, in
Italy, which was heavily impacted by COVID earlier this year, we saw a recovery in June as more patients,
especially the higher-risk patients, started to return to their physicians and begin treatment.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Before I close, just let me highlight for you a range of commercial opportunities on the horizon that make
us also excited to be part of the Gilead team. In the near term, we're pleased with the significant volume
growth we're seeing in China despite the impact of COVID as we received foreign RDL approvals at the
end of 2019. This also serves as the basis for expanding HBV business, which we expect to hit $1 billion
globally by the end of 2022. We're preparing to launch filgotinib in RA in the coming months and are
excited about the recent CHMP positive opinion.

As we look to the mid- to long term, we're accelerating our efforts to build our portfolio and expertise in
immuno-oncology. We see strong potential for magrolimab, where we recently highlighted key data at
ASCO. Magrolimab could be a very important therapy for MDS patients.

And lastly, on HIV and lenacapavir, we believe that long actings will play a role in the future HIV market
and see the potential for this compound to best meet patient needs. Merdad will share more on the clinical
progress on lenacapavir in a moment.

So let me end where I started. Our core business is durable, the fundamental demand drivers of our
HIV treatment and prevention businesses remain real, and we're optimistic heading into the second half
of the year. We have an incredible core portfolio driven by HIV, and we're building a compelling set of
opportunities as we continue on our journey.

And lastly, I just want to thank all 12,000 of our colleagues who have demonstrated that they can
continue to deliver for patients who need our medicines, both in our base business and more recently with
remdesivir. It's the first time in my career I've seen a company go from an investigational compound to a
launch product serving hundreds of thousands of patients in a matter of months, but it just reinforces for
me Gilead's history and commitment to patient-focused innovation. I'm very proud to be part of this team.

Merdad, I'll turn it over to you.

Merdad V. Parsey
Chief Medical Officer

Thanks, Johanna, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm excited to be here and share with you some of the
perspectives in our pipeline that continues to both progress and to grow despite these challenging times.
As you've seen, our pipeline expansion continued during this period, driven by the strategy that Dan
referenced earlier.

Of course, remdesivir is an important part of the story. And while managing the added responsibility of
working as diligently as possible on remdesivir, we're also able to make great strides across the rest of the
pipeline. Let me share some of those highlights with you.

We look at the pipeline for 3 key things. We'd like to see that the level of diversification across the
different therapeutic areas is good, the balance across the phases of development and the quality of the
assets we have in development, along with our associated risks. That's where I'd like to turn now.

We continue to build in each of our therapeutic areas as reflected in other exciting set of clinical data
readouts and presentations at scientific meetings during this quarter. This includes data that further
validate our belief in some of our key assets, including magrolimab, lenacapavir and, of course, remdesivir.
Let me share a few specific highlights in each of our strategic areas.

In HIV, we continue to make progress on the next chapter of our commitment to people living with HIV
by working on a long-acting option. Lenacapavir, our investigational capsid inhibitor, continues to show
promise as a potential agent, both for long-acting treatment and for prevention. The Phase II/III study
that has continued to enroll during the pandemic, and we look forward to data from this trial for highly
treatment-experienced people with HIV, who often have few of any other options. People living with HIV
tell us that the most desirable long-acting regimens are either a weekly oral or in every 3- to 6-month
subcutaneous injection, preferably that can be self-administered. The profile of lenacapavir gives us the
potential to achieve both of these options, and therefore, the potential to be a key therapeutic component
for both treatment and prevention.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Now turning to remdesivir. A lot of the data have been generated over the past 6 months that all inform us
about the profile of remdesivir. As Dan pointed out, the thing that stands out is a consistency across these
data, and I'd like to take a step back and highlight a few key pieces of the story.

One piece is that we see, that recovery time for patients in the hospital is short. Another is that the 5-day
course of treatment is appropriate for those patients. And finally, if the drug is generally well tolerated.
We've now published data that demonstrate a benefit in mortality compared with standard of care using
a comparative analysis of real-world data. As you know, there was a trend towards benefit in mortality at
day 14 in the NIAID study, and we now await the final day 28 data from that trial as well.

We also continue to pursue other ways to expand the utility of remdesivir, including new formulations and
exploring how combinations could be more effective. We've begun a Phase I study on an inhaled version
of remdesivir that uses commercially available nebulizers. Beyond that, we're working on the feasibility
of a dry powder formulation for inhalation and a subcutaneous formulation. We're also supporting several
clinical trials exploring potential combinations. In each of those studies, remdesivir is being used as a
backbone standard-of-care agent.

We're really proud of the role remdesivir has played in this pandemic, and I couldn't be prouder of the
team that's worked so hard on this. As a reminder, Diana Brainard, who leads our virology team, is here
with us today and she'll be happy to share additional insights during the Q&A.

Moving on to filgotinib. We continue to believe that this selective JAK inhibitor has a potential to provide a
new option for patients suffering from a variety of inflammatory diseases. I'd like to update you on recent
discussions with regulators on rheumatoid arthritis.

In Europe, we are pleased to receive a positive CHMP opinion for the treatment of adults with moderate to
severe rheumatoid arthritis. The opinion includes both 100- and 200-milligram doses and indicates use is
appropriate as monotherapy and in combination with methotrexate. As a reminder, anticipates a scientific
recommendation to the European Commission to grant marketing authorization in Europe.

We continue to have ongoing dialogue with the FDA. We've been informed that there will not be an
Advisory Committee meeting and the PDUFA date remains unchanged.

Moving on to oncology. We made strides during the quarter and throughout the first half of the year in
advancing our pipeline and accelerating our efforts to build our portfolio and expertise in immuno-oncology
with several key transactions.

First, we completed the acquisition of Forty Seven that we announced during the first quarter. This brings
magrolimab into our core pipeline as an investigating compound currently being developed for MDS and
AML, as well as much of the impressive Forty Seven team who now complement our internal team.

We're also very excited about the Arcus partnership, which provides our ability to have [ tailed
retractions ] that work both for us and our partners. This partnership brings us a potentially differentiated
[indiscernible] compound as well as investigational high PD-1 monoclonal antibody. We're also excited to
work with the excellent experienced clinical team at Arcus for the development of these programs.

This partnership gives assumption [ access ] on everything in their pipeline and allows the Arcus team to
continue to pursue groundbreaking signs.

Tizona and Pionyr are deals that give us options targeting other immuno-oncology approaches. And in
each of these transactions, we have the option to acquire the entire company based on clinical data. These
new programs build on our existing partnerships and our internal pipeline.

In cell therapy, we all congratulate Christi Shaw and our colleagues at Kite for the recent approval of
Tecartus for relapsed/refractory MCL. Kite and Gilead are now the first companies to have multiple
approved cell therapy products that will bring benefit to even more patients with difficult-to-treat cancers.

The Kite team also reached a major milestone with the successful approval and launch in June of the MCL
manufacturing site with the end-to-end production that expands the ability to treat more patients. Christi
is with us here today and happy to share more thoughts during the Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Materials we've provided. We've shared a summary of important upcoming milestones across the pipeline.

In closing, our senior R&D team continues to build with the addition of leaders in data science, clinical
biomarkers, pharmacology, clinical operations, portfolio management, inflammation and oncology. All of
these leaders bring added expertise to an already world-class team, and we're excited to have them join
us.

Let me turn the call now over to Andy.

Andrew D. Dickinson
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Merdad, and good afternoon, everyone. I'd like to cover three topics to round out our commentary
before turning to Q&A. First, I'll provide a summary of our financial highlights for the quarter and the first
half of 2020. Second, I will provide some additional color on the potential implications of COVID on the
second half of 2020 based on updated assumptions drawn from external experts and outside thinking.
Finally, I'd like to pull all this together and review our revised 2020 financial guidance.

As a reminder, the earnings materials posted on our website contain additional information, including the
details of our 2020 revised financial guidance.

Turning now to our financial highlights.

Total revenues for the second quarter were $5.1 billion with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.11.
As noted in the earnings press release on a GAAP basis, we recorded a diluted loss per share of $2.66,
primarily due to a $4.5 billion in-process research and development charge related to our acquisition of
Forty Seven. This compares to revenue of $5.7 billion with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.72
for the same period last year.

Product sales for the second quarter were $5.1 billion, down 7% sequentially and down 10% year-over-
year. As anticipated, the second quarter product revenues were unfavorably impacted by COVID-19.

The year-over-year quarterly decline was also impacted by approximately $160 million of favorable
adjustments recorded in the second quarter of 2019 for statutory rebates, primarily to HCV and HIV prior
year sales in Europe. This decline was partially offset by HIV growth driven by Biktarvy in the United
States.

As Johanna mentioned, the quarter-over-quarter decreases in HIV revenues was primarily driven by the
reversal of the Q1 increased buying patterns due to the pandemic as well as lower U.S. PrEP demand
and unfavorable U.S. payer mix. Sequentially, the decrease was partially offset by treatment growth and
seasonable higher net price in the U.S. and inventory patterns.

The decrease in HCV revenues sequentially and year-over-year primarily reflects lower volume due to
lower diagnoses and patient starts due to the pandemic. Yescarta revenues grew sequentially and year-
over-year, primarily driven by the continued patient uptake in Europe.

Overall product sales for the first half of the year were $10.5 billion compared to our $10.8 billion for
2019. And excluding recent LOE products, Ranexa and Letairis, our business grew year-over-year despite
the impact of the pandemic.

If we compare the first half of 2020 versus the same time period in 2019, the HIV inventory dynamics
associated with COVID-19 are normalized and our first half results demonstrate strong underlying HIV
demand growth, with the business up 6% over 2019. This reflects a strong and encouraging start to the
year in our core HIV franchise despite the impact of COVID-19. You can find more information, including
the geographic breakdown of revenues, in the materials we have posted.

Now turning to expenses. Non-GAAP R&D expense was $1.2 billion for the quarter, up 19% compared
to the same period last year and up 18% sequentially, primarily due to our investment in remdesivir,
including clinical trials and manufacturing scale-up costs.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Non-GAAP SG&A expense was $1.2 billion, up 6% compared to the same period last year and up 8%
sequentially, primarily due to a $97 million accrual related to a previously disclosed Department of Justice
investigation.

From a liquidity standpoint, we continue to be very well positioned. During the quarter, we generated $2.6
billion in cash from operations, and we ended the quarter with $21.2 billion in cash and marketable debt
securities. We completed our acquisition of Forty Seven this quarter for $4.7 billion, net of cash acquired.
We paid cash dividends of $856 million, and we repurchased 700,000 shares of stock for $54 million.

Our strong balance sheet and investment portfolio are built to withstand macroeconomic events like
COVID-19, and our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged. We will continue to focus on investment
to augment internal and external innovation in support of continued pipeline expansion. In addition, we
intend to support and grow our dividend over time, provided that any dividend increase is, of course,
subject to approval from our Board.

Finally, as it relates to repurchase of shares in 2020, we're on track relative to the directional guidance we
provided in our fourth quarter 2019 and year-end earnings call in February.

Turning now to the COVID-19 impact on our revised guidance. Importantly, as you heard earlier in the
call, the fundamentals and durability of our long-term outlook remain very strong. We expect that our core
business will gradually recover starting in Q3, following peak pandemic impact on underlying treatment
initiations and switch dynamics that we observed in the second quarter. We continue to expect minimal
impact on our HIV treatment business over time with maintenance of high market share. In HCV, we
expect patient starts to regain momentum in the third quarter and beyond.

In addition, since our first quarter earnings call, we have established global pricing for remdesivir, and
we have refined our expectation for remdesivir for the year. As you would expect, there are still many
uncertainties concerning the shape and duration of the recovery in the second half of the year as well as
the availability and uptake of remdesivir.

With that as context, let me summarize the details of our revised full year guidance.

Our revised top line revenue range, including expected sales of remdesivir in 2020 is USD 23 billion
to USD 25 billion. We're increasing our 2020 R&D and SG&A expense expectations. Our guidance on
expected product gross margin and effective tax rate for 2020 remained unchanged. Our updated
operating income range is $10.7 billion to $13 billion. And finally, our updated non-GAAP EPS range is
$6.25 to $7.65.

I'd like to highlight a few additional points that will give you more color on the assumptions that drove this
updated guidance.

On the expense side, R&D and SG&A guidance increased to reflect expected expenses for remdesivir, Forty
Seven and the litigation accrual that I mentioned earlier. On remdesivir, as we've previously stated, we
expect to manufacture 2 million or more treatment courses cumulatively in 2020.

Our revenue guidance reflects that we expect to sell 1 million to 1.5 million treatment courses of
remdesivir this year. We expect that remdesivir demand will be skewed towards the U.S. in the third
quarter and that the proportion of ex U.S. sales will increase in the fourth quarter and beyond. That said,
the progression of the pandemic, the global economic backdrop, our supply expectations, the potential
uptake of remdesivir in related matters continue to be dynamic and uncertain. We expect to learn more
over the coming months, and we'll update you on our latest thinking on our Q3 earnings call.

Before I hand the call off for Q&A, I'd like to express my gratitude as well to our 12,000 Gilead employees
globally. Without their spirit, dedication and resilience, nothing we strive to achieve for patients would be
possible.
Now I'd like to open the call for questions. Liz?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tyler Van Buren with Piper Sandler.

Tyler Martin Van Buren
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I guess with respect to the HCV and HIV share increases that you saw during the pandemic, you talked
about coming out of the pandemic stronger. So could you just provide a little bit more color on that?

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Sure, Tyler. I'll turn it right over to Johanna.

Johanna Mercier
Chief Commercial Officer

Okay. Thanks, Tyler. Yes. So for example, in HIV, when you think about Biktarvy and Descovy, which is our
2 lead brands both for treatment and prevention, Biktarvy grew share. So it's been growing here year-on-
year but even quarter-over-quarter. So we grew share to 33% in Q2 for Biktarvy. And then when you think
about on a very large basis, you can appreciate, so that's about a -- just about a 1% share increase. And
then when you think about Descovy, we were -- we closed the quarter Q1 at about 37% here in the PrEP
market, and we ended up at the end of June at 43%. So I do think that despite some of the dynamics
because of COVID-19 and some of the decrease in patient visits and screening, I still do think that the
brands are solid because of their portfolio, because of what they offer for patients.

And one of the things, both of those brands are actually brands that in a COVID-19 environment are
actually probably the best choice for patients. Because if you think about Biktarvy and you think about
no monitoring, no HLA testing, et cetera, those are really -- the rapid start with Biktarvy is critical for
patients. And I think that that's also helping to support Biktarvy throughout this transition with the
pandemic.

Tyler Martin Van Buren
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

And just as a quick follow-up. With respect to the Biktarvy share gains, are those share gains or switches?
Are they different during the pandemic as they were prior to the pandemic? Are they coming from -- is the
regimens that they're taking share changed at all?

Johanna Mercier
Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. The sourcing of business is actually about the same. The only difference I would say is our -- the
switch in treatment is obviously a little bit slower than what we've seen in the past just because physicians
don't want to switch. There's actually guidelines that suggest no switching during the pandemic from
drug to drug. So it's more the naïve patient population that's feeding Biktarvy right now versus the switch
population, and older compounds are keeping share.

So since Gilead has about 75% within HIV, basically, what you're seeing is some of our older brands are
keeping higher share versus then switching over to newer compounds like Biktarvy.

Operator

Our next question comes from Geoffrey Porges with SVB Leerink.

Geoffrey Craig Porges
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

So maybe a couple of questions on remdesivir. Andy, you indicated, I think you're going to sell 1 million to
1.5 million courses, but it sounds as though you're supplying 0.5 million courses just in Q3. So could you
give us a sense of what your upside capacity is given the capacity initiatives that you have in place for the
year?

And secondly, how you see the demand beyond those 500,000 courses in Q3, are you on an allocated
basis already in Q4? Or is there some uncertainty about the demand? And then could you just give us a
sense of how you've incorporated that into your guidance? There must be there's a huge range in your
operating income. So I presume that's being driven by remdesivir. But could you kind of give us more
color on that?

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Andy, do you want...

Andrew D. Dickinson
Executive VP & CFO

Maybe I'll start with one final point and ask Johanna. Oh, go ahead, Dan. I'm sorry.

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Perfect. No, that's great. Thank you.

Andrew D. Dickinson
Executive VP & CFO

Maybe I'll ask Johanna to comment on the upside of the supply and the demand in Q3 and Q4. The
-- there is a wide range, and it is driven by our remdesivir expectations. So Johanna mentioned we're
learning more week by week. We just started commercializing recently. So we do expect that we'll be able
to narrow our thinking and give you an update on the -- in the third quarter, Geoff, as you would expect.
Johanna, do you want to touch base on the supply-and-demand question?

Johanna Mercier
Chief Commercial Officer

Sure. Yes, sure. So I'll maybe just add to what Andy was saying for Q4 specifically. I think the
uncertainties are multiple, and it's not just -- our supply actually is less of an uncertainty because I think
we have a pretty good idea and the ramp-up has been impressive. The team has done an incredible
job ramping up, and you really see that ramp-up come through in Q4. We feel that, and I think Dan
mentioned this, we feel that by early October, we should be in a place, assuming somewhat, I don't know
if stable is the right word, but some stability within this pandemic globally across the numbers, we should
be in a situation where global supply meets global demand, and that's a great place to be in. We can't wait
because it's been challenging thus far.

The -- in Q4, the uncertainties are more around the pandemic itself and not really understanding does it
stabilize, does it come to an all-time low, like we've seen in Europe, we really don't know. And so that's
why it's a little bit tougher to manage on that front. As mentioned before from a supply standpoint, by the
end of December of this year, we should be in a position to have cumulatively of over 2 million treatment
courses. And some of those, obviously, were used during the donation and some are being used in Q3. So
the balance of that will be in play for Q4, and we're just working with all the different governments, not
just the U.S. but governments around the world, to better understand what they think their real-time need
is, and that's really our focus right now, is the real-time need.

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Geoff, and we'll update you and everybody else in quarter 3, obviously. So this is our best estimate at this
stage.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Yee with Jefferies.

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Following up on remdesivir, 2 questions. One is maybe you can make a comment about thinking about
the actual demand and sales that you've actually done versus actually utilization. We've done some math
around actual utilization and it sounds like a lot of this could actually be a former stockpiling. So maybe
you could just comment on that type of dynamic. That would help us think about future use.

And then the second is just looking forward even a little bit, you've made some comments about injectable
and inhaled. Is this just a PK question? What do you have to look for in Phase I data? And what are the
challenges? And would you have this data and know this by, say, fourth quarter?

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Sure. I'll start. And then Johanna, you add and then we'll go to Merdad on the injectable. So first of
all, Michael, I think, really, the vast majority of the remdesivir that we have today is being used. The
allocation process with the U.S. government has gotten better over time, and they really are allocating
basically at least twice a month, sometimes more frequently to where the hotspots are in the United
States, and that's the vast majority of the supply. So we think there's probably very little demand that
is not being utilized at this stage. Of course, it's not completely efficient, and there are some pockets
where you might have some hospitals that have more remdesivir than patients. But right now, given the
tremendous human need in the United States, in particular, and a variety of other countries we're working
with, we're really just working on the real-time demand right now. So that's being utilized.

Johanna, do you have anything else you want to add to that?

Johanna Mercier
Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. Maybe, Dan, just to add to that, Michael, I would just add the fact that it's also based on incidents
in epidemiology. Everything we are doing, working with the U.S. government, working with ex U.S.
governments as well, governments around the world, it's really based on the incidents. And what we've
seen so far is that because of the way we're managing it with the HHS, a lot -- some hospitals have
actually said, "No, thank you. Give it to somebody who needs it. We don't need it right now." So I do think
that people are coming together to work through this, understanding that there is a shortage of supply
and understanding that it really needs to go to patients in need. And the worst thing that could ever
happen is products sitting idle somewhere. So we're being very, very careful to make sure that doesn't
happen anywhere in the world.

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

I think the earliest is October, Michael, that we would start to see actual demand and utilization perhaps
be different and perhaps the opportunity for stockpiling, but not before October.

Johanna Mercier
Chief Commercial Officer

Yes.

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Merdad, over to you on Michael's question.

Merdad V. Parsey
Chief Medical Officer

Yes, yes. So what I'd say is, as I mentioned, we're working on both the inhaled and the subcu. The
inhaled's ahead and is, as I mentioned, in Phase I right now in the dose-escalation phase. Our -- the
hypothesis here is that the virus in many patients, especially earliest, is primarily in the lung. And so
the question is for a patient, can we treat an outpatient with an inhaled [ version ] or potentially even
an inpatient. The inhaled version gets where it needs to be, the narrowing in the lung, and whether that
would have a benefit for those patients. So that's the extent we're going to be running with the inhaled
version.

As far as subcutaneous, we'll continue to work on that. That currently is not in the clinic. And as I
mentioned, we're looking at feasibility and other parameters of bringing that online.

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Michael, all good? Thanks.

Operator

Our next question comes from Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs.

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Thank you for all the work on the COVID front. Was wondering, first, just on the financials, if you could try
to quantify the impact from COVID on a dollar basis that you saw in the quarter? And then was wondering,
as you think about capsid, obviously, important long-term opportunity for you guys. Just conceptually, are
you focused on finding a partner for that internally to continue to dominate the market in terms of share?
Or are you open to looking for an external partner? And as a result, splitting the economics on the future
market?

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Great. So why don't, Andy, you take the financials, and we'll have Diana take the capsid question.

Andrew D. Dickinson
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Dan. And Terence, thanks for the question. As you know, we don't provide specific -- we
didn't provide a specific guidance in terms of the COVID impact. I would say, at a high level, it impacted
our business exactly in the way that we expected, so it hit predominantly, as you heard from Johanna, in
the HCV treatment and the HIV PrEP business. The impact was substantially less than $0.5 billion on our
top line revenue in the first half. So rather than thinking about it on a quarterly basis, Terence, I think it's
easier to think about it on the first half basis as you've heard from other companies as well, given the pull
forward of inventory at the end of the first quarter. Hopefully, that's helpful.

Diana Brainard
Senior Vice President of HIV & Emerging Viral Infections

Great. And I can speak to our capsid inhibitor and our vision of our long-acting HIV franchise. And there,
what I would say is we're looking at our past success and it's really been driven by focusing on trying
to meet the needs of patients and doing that agnostic to where we come up with the compounds of the
regimen.

So in the past, that's been through acquisitions. It's been through partnerships. And it's, of course,
been through internal discovery. And we really do have unparalleled excellence in terms of our internal

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

discovery, and we're doing a lot of work there to try to find a partner for capsid, but we're also open and
always looking externally as well with the idea that we will be successful if we create the best regimen for
patients.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets.

Brian Corey Abrahams
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Question on filgotinib. With the PDUFA upcoming and the current state of the pandemic, I'm curious, your
latest thoughts on launch approach and potential for differentiation through the label or otherwise, how
that shapes your commercial strategy.

And then I'm also wondering if there's any reason why the CHMP recommendations on dosing and
indication wouldn't necessarily be illustrative of global positioning for the product. Do you think FDA and
EMA are still looking at the JAK benefit/risk profiles differently?

Johanna Mercier
Chief Commercial Officer

Thanks. Maybe I can start...

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Go ahead, Johanna. Why don't you start and if Merdad wants to add anything as well. But go ahead,
please.

Johanna Mercier
Chief Commercial Officer

Okay. Thanks, Brian, for the question. So yes, so obviously, pleased with the recent positive CHMP opinion,
and we are working -- we've been working diligently with the teams around the world to prepare for
launch with filgotinib. We are looking at the COVID situation. And in assessing the situation, to be honest
with you, maybe a couple of months back, we were thinking virtual, not virtual. But I think in light of kind
of what -- where we're seeing the dynamics of the market, I think virtual is the way to go. And so we're
looking at how we do this and the best approach. So more to come on that front, a lot of work going on to
make sure that we do this as competitively as possible.

The -- from a differentiation standpoint, it's in line with what we've talked about before. We believe in
the profile of filgotinib and the differentiation that it offers. And so therefore, that's really an opportunity
medically to make sure that through our medical teams that conversation, that education, happens with
physicians. Merdad, do you want to comment on the regulatory piece?

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

I think Merdad is -- he's having a bit of an audio issue. So I'll feed in here, Brian. So I think it's kind of
premature to anticipate exactly what's going to happen in different regulatory authorities around the
world. We continue to have discussions with all regulatory authorities. Obviously, Europe was the first one
out of the gate and we're pleased with that. And as soon as we have some additional information, we'll let
you know. But it's difficult to speculate. Thanks.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alethia Young with Cantor Fitzgerald.

Alethia Rene Young
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Congrats on everything that you guys have been doing here. It's incredible. I guess I just wanted you
to kind of maybe talk big picture about like, of course, there's remdesivir, which could have some earlier
kind of utility beyond in the treatment cycle. But just where we are with vaccines as well and kind of how
you think about the position you get from remdesivir maybe perhaps over the next couple of years, even
though I know I'm asking to look at a crystal ball.

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

You're a great cheerleader for us. Thank you very much, Alethia. So yes, obviously, I think our general
position on this is that you will always need effective therapeutics and effective vaccines to control any
type of a viral outbreak of any type and certainly one in a pandemic. So I think we're firmly committed to
working to expand remdesivir's impact.

We really -- we're really pleased that every piece of data in our hands or in other people's hands have
been consistent, consistent about the effect in terms of reduction in hospital space, consistent around
the ability to use it earlier in hospital space and get even bigger impacts. And I think that will continue
regardless of vaccination. And our hope, obviously, is like you have at the normal influenza, that with
an effective vaccine appropriately administered to as many patients as will take a vaccine around the
globe that you can reduce the number of patients that ever have to enter the hospital. But as we know,
vaccines are never 100% effective. They're never 100% utilized, so there will always be patients that need
therapeutics.

And what we're excited about in terms of the potency of remdesivir is the ability to use it earlier on
patients to get them out of the hospital faster and also to make sure that the types of work we're doing
now that using remdesivir outside the hospital could prevent patients from ever having to go in. Of course,
that's all to be determined.

So I think it will be hand in glove with vaccines. And obviously, we're looking forward also to the work
that's going on in terms of looking at antiviral, a potent antiviral that's been proven like remdesivir in
patients to be used perhaps in combination with other therapeutics to get an even stronger treatment
effect. But that continues to be, I think, our view, and we're hoping, and I'm really proud to be working
in this industry at this stage because my colleagues around the industry, I know, are doing everything
possible, including the collaboration that they have with us in remdesivir, to bring new therapeutics and
vaccines to patients. And so we're excited about that. So thank you very much for the question.

Operator

Our next question comes from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan.

Matthew Thomas Holt
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

This is Matthew on for Cory. So just to go back to Biktarvy, are you able to quantify how much of the 2Q
weakness was due to inventory pull-through versus other factors that you mentioned? And should we
expect these other factors, such as the shift in payer mix and slowdown in patients, which is to persist for
the remainder of 2020?

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Thanks. Over to you, Johanna. Thanks, Matthew.

Johanna Mercier
Chief Commercial Officer

Thanks, Matthew, for your questions. If I understood it, so you broke up a little bit. But if I understood it
correctly, specific to Biktarvy and the shift and what's driving it, and it's really the inventory fluctuations.
That's what's driving the shift Q1 to Q2. And you can appreciate Q4, always a little bit higher. It plays out

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

in Q1, it bleeds out in Q1, but then we saw the uptake because of COVID-19 in late March, and we saw
that bleed out in Q2. So it's really what's driving the Biktarvy piece.

We have seen a payer mix shift in the last 2 quarters, where due to unemployment, we're seeing a shift
from commercial payers to government channels, specifically PHS and Medicaid. But at this point in time,
that's really not impacting or modestly impacting our business overall. So it's really inventory driven.
Hopefully, I answered your question.

Matthew Thomas Holt
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes.

Johanna Mercier
Chief Commercial Officer

Okay.

Operator

Our next question comes from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I had a strategic one for Dan or even Andy. Dan, when you took over the narrative for Gilead was a return
to growth as Hep C was stabilizing. And of course, I get the headwinds from COVID, but sustainable
growth has still been evasive. So the question is, do you reinvest a new product that anchors your long-
term growth? Or do you feel like you need other assets? Obviously, I recognize that filgo and Kite are also
in growth mode, but do you need other assets to help drive sustainable, more long-term growth?

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Let me say it's certainly the latter to your question, Geoff. And that is that as happy as we are that we can
have an impact on patients in the COVID crisis with remdesivir, we completely understand that hopefully,
by the way, for the world, that we'll get to a stage where the pandemic is much more predictable and
remdesivir is playing a role, but not what we're relying upon for our mid- to long-term growth in the
company.

So we believe that, rather, the continued emphasis on our core business to make sure that we not only
continue to lead with HIV today but also tomorrow with the next-generation of medicines, combined with
what we have in our internal pipeline, and then growing our overall immuno-oncology business, both Kite
and outside of Kite. And I think that's what you see as we think about now outside of virology, moving into
inflammation, moving more deeply into oncology, particularly outside of Kite. You're going to continue to
see, I think, more of what you've seen in the first half of this year, which is an ability to both optimize our
current portfolio in-house and continue to do smart targeted deals that allow us to bring transformational
medicine innovation into our house at different stages of development. And obviously, that goes along
with different risk profiles, right? So -- and that's, I think, where the BD team under Andy's leadership has
done a really good job of making sure we're doing fit-for-purpose transactions where we're going after
first or best-in-class, and there's risk associated with it, we're trying to be prudent about how much capital
we deploy up-front, particularly in the earlier stage assets and kind of pay for success over that period
of time. And there are others where we've seen the late-stage data like Forty Seven where we feel quite
confident and bullish about bringing that in and using the breadth and depth of Gilead to look at expense
of life cycle management on a medicine like magrolimab that has a leading position in a competitive
environment to allow us to think about multiple different indications in hematologic malignancies and
possibly also looking at solid tumors. So that type of a strategy is absolutely fundamental to rounding us
and continuing to build on our mid- to long-term growth story.

Andy, anything that you'd like to add from your side?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Andrew D. Dickinson
Executive VP & CFO

No, I think you said it well. That captures it. Thanks.

Operator

Our next question comes from Evan Seigerman with Crédit Suisse.

Evan David Seigerman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I actually have one for Christi. I know you haven't spoken much on the call. Congrats on your very recent
approval of Tecartus. Can you help us better understand kind of how you view the commercial potential
for this asset? And have you seen any reversal in trends around CAR-T use this month versus, say, June or
May? And how should we think about the trajectory over the course of the year?

Christi L. Shaw
Chief Executive Officer of Kite

Thanks for the question. Making sure I'm wide awake and listening. So we're so pleased about being the
first company to be able to deliver for mantle cell lymphoma patients Tecartus that has a curative intent.
And so although it's not a huge opportunity relative to DLBCL or some of our other studies that will be
coming up like second line, it really is a differentiator for us in the marketplace to continue to demonstrate
our leadership. Just like with Yescarta, our manufacturing footprint, we're gearing up. We have a ready to
go in 7 days, authorized sites will all be all authorized for the new product within 30 days. So we're very
hopeful that all of these patients that have nothing else to keep them alive actually have something that
can help them with such great efficacy.

When we look at what happened in Q2, I'd say we were maybe pleasantly surprised that more patients
were treated than we thought would be based on COVID. I will say that what's happening now with the
states in the U.S., we continue to see a slowdown versus what we saw in the Q1 in terms of registrations.
So I do think we're not going to see a huge uplift in Q3 and we could be flat, and I don't know if we maybe
lose some growth. But right now, it's too early to tell. But I'm not as optimistic about Q3, and hopefully,
when we come out of the situation, it will get better.

And I'm really proud of the Kite team because as you can imagine, with all of the flights being canceled
early on and with having to figure out which ATCs to bring T cells back to where you didn't originate, being
able to hold T cells where we haven't before, the team hasn't missed a beat and hasn't missed a delivery.

So as I look at the whole of Kite and we look at the whole of the opportunity, it's really multiple indications
in a very short period of time with mantle cell lymphoma, non-Hodgkin's -- indolent non-Hodgkin's
lymphoma by the end of this year being submitted. We have ALL being submitted and with priority review
next year being approved. And we also have the big indication of second-line DLBCL to be submitted next
year. So as you look at that combination, I do think it gives us the best opportunity for growth and to
potentially cure more patients of their cancer.

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Evan, and we're looking forward to hearing more from Christi as the Kite business develops. More
to hear from you. Thanks, Evan.

Operator

Our next question comes from Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley.

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

I just want to ask a little bit more about filgotinib and MANTA. So it sounds like you finished enrollment,
and I think the -- I think it's either about 3 months when you take the primary end point there. So I'm
just wondering how the timing of getting the data from MANTA, which it sounds like could come towards
the end of this year versus the approval time line for filgotinib. How those 2 work and your ability to get
that data to the FDA or how that influences the application.

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Matthew. We'll turn it right over to Merdad.

Merdad V. Parsey
Chief Medical Officer

Matthew, it's Merdad. I hope everybody can hear me. Sorry, I got disconnected earlier. So you're right, in
some regards, Matthew, that the patients are all enrolled. I don't -- we don't anticipate that the 3 months
is going to be the duration necessarily that would be sufficient for the regulators in terms of looking at
both on track and recovery. So while that first 3 months is a critical period, we think that's the blinded
period. There's probably longer to be that's necessary.

So we're looking at probably late in this year, early next year for us to have the data and then for us to
submit it to the agency in the first half of next year. Those are the kind of time lines we're looking at.

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

That's your question? Thanks, Matthew.

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Yes. No, that's it.

Operator

Our next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas with SunTrust.

Robyn Kay Shelton Karnauskas
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Quick ones. Dan, any thoughts on what you think about the executive orders being implemented and how
you might run the business if they were to do so going forward, especially on business development?

And for Christi, what would you like to augment your CAR-T portfolio? You've done a lot of deals in I-O.
What else do you think you might need to be competitive in the space with the bispecifics and other things
being -- moving forward?

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thanks, Robyn. I mean, first of all, let me just take a big step back from the executive orders. I
mean, I know that we all agree at Gilead, that the current system in the U.S. needs to change, and
we're leaning into that in a variety of different fronts, have been now for a couple of years. What's really
important is that when we look at changes in the U.S. system, that it's done in a way that ensures that
patients are the one to benefit and at the same time that we maintain the U.S. innovation model. So the
types of things that we've been working with, the different packages within the Congress and the Senate
have all reflected that. And now as we look at these executive orders, we'll be looking forward to engaging
with the White House and with others to have the very principles that I just mentioned articulated and
that's where we'll go.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

In terms of how that impacts, how we think about the future business, I would say that we have so
many health care systems around the world, right, that we're working with. Of course, the U.S. is
disproportionately important to us. But our belief firmly is that if you hold the bar high enough on
transformational medicine, so in other words if you really think hard about first-in-class and best-in-class
and keep the bar high, regard -- because remember, our cycle time is so long. Our capital investment is
a decade, that we can't be pivoting to one or the other particular governmental action. The bottom line is
we keep that bar high enough under any system, under any scenario, I think we'll do, first of all, well for
patients and we'll do well for shareholders as a result of that. So that's my firm belief.

Christi, over to you on Robyn's question.

Christi L. Shaw
Chief Executive Officer of Kite

Yes. Thanks, Robyn. So I'd say in the short term, we're looking at how do we cure those patients that
aren't getting the effects of CAR-T cell that we'd like. Yescarta is the only CAR-T that's been able to show
the longest duration of over 3 years with almost 50% of patients being alive. And how do we help the
other 50% of the patients?

So as you look at some of the portfolio that Gilead is building and being able to actually combine in the
future other therapies, non-cell therapies with cell therapies would be one of our strategies to build on the
strength of both of the companies together.

And then as we look at the mid- to longer term, we've got 3 studies that are in solid tumor that have
INDs, Phase I. And that would be our biggest long-term bet in terms of being able to really penetrate the
solid tumor area. And there are specific areas that are kind of the low-hanging fruit where the science is
a little bit easier and others where it's very complex and the bar is just too high compared to standard of
care. So those 2 areas in terms of launching success today, being able to get more efficacy and lead in
hematological malignancies and then moving to solid tumor.

I will tell you, in addition, though, that we're not keeping our eyes closed or our head in the sand as we
look at possible disruptors with allogeneic iPSC technology, NK cells. And that's what you see a lot of the
business development deals that we did. Some of them, Kite alone with cell therapy, and some of them
with Gilead where we can both partake in the potential positive outcomes that could come from that. So
as we look at different ways off the shelf that we're the first movers in that arena both internally and as
we look at some of our partners externally.

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Robyn. So I know that we're kind of out of time. If there is one more question, we could take
that in respect for everybody's time.

Operator

Our last question comes from Umer Raffat with Evercore ISI.

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I have 2, if I may. First, Merdad, curious what the feedback is from your team on the lung exposure of
remdesivir with the IV form? And how many fold higher can you get with the inhaled form at the highest
dose? I'd be very curious.

And secondly, I know there's this Phase II trial coming up with -- in the multidrug-resistant patients in
HIV for your capsid inhibitor. My question is if that hits, why shouldn't it form the basis for an accelerated
filing, given the unmet need in multidrug-resistant patients?

Daniel P. O'Day
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Umer, terrific. Merdad, I'll decide if -- you decide if you or Diana want to feed the numbers. That's great.
Thanks.

Merdad V. Parsey
Chief Medical Officer

Sure. Well, I'll do the lung exposure. Diana, you can talk about capsid. So we are targeting to get, with
the inhaled version, as good as, and hopefully, greater exposure in the lung than we do with the IV. We
think we get, obviously, great exposure with the IV version, and we think we can do at least that good, if
not better, depending on how high we can go and what the lung deposition is. That's a very encouraging
thing. We need to see how the trials go, but that's our goal.

Diana, do you want to talk about the capsid?

Diana Brainard
Senior Vice President of HIV & Emerging Viral Infections

Yes, that would be great. So Umer, in terms of that study in highly treatment-experienced patients,
it's actually a Phase II/III. Because of the urgent unmet need in that patient population, the agency
granted us breakthrough designation. And they agreed that we could move directly from Phase Ib to a
registrational trial in that population. And so the study that's ongoing right now, should the results pan
out, will form the basis for an application for approval in the highly treatment-experienced patients with
lenacapavir dosed every 6 months.

Operator

That concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back to Douglas Maffei for
closing remarks.

Douglas Maffei
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Liz, and thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate your continued interest in Gilead, and
the team here looks forward to providing you with updates on our future progress.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You
may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

GILEAD SCIENCES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

