Global Payments Inc. NYSE:GPN
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, February 12, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.60

1.62

1.25

1.70

6.17

6.22

0.81

7.54

2044.81

2170.00

6.12

2113.23

5437.04

5640.00

3.73

8668.01

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-12-2020 12:53 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.29

1.46

1.66

1.60

1.34

1.51

1.70

1.62

3.88 %

3.42 %

2.41 %

1.25 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Winnie Smith
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Darrin David Peller
Wolfe Research, LLC

David John Koning
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Glenn Edward Greene
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Tien-Tsin Huang
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Wai Ming Kwok
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Global Payments Fourth Quarter and
Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call
will be recorded.

At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations,
Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.

Winnie Smith
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and welcome to Global Payments Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Conference Call.
Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during today's
conference call contain forward-looking statements about expected operating and financial results.
Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings, including
our most recent 10-K and any subsequent filings.

These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially.

We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during this
call speak only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update them.

Some of the comments made refer to non-GAAP financial measures, such as adjusted net revenue,
adjusted operating margin and adjusted earnings per share, which we believe are more reflective of our
ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of these and other non-GAAP financial measures to the most
comparable GAAP measure in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished
as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our trended financial highlights, both of which are
available in the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com.

Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; Cameron Bready, President and COO; and Paul Todd, Senior
Executive Vice President and CFO. Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Thanks, Winnie. We exceeded our expectations in 2019 while delivering one of the finest strategic,
operational and financial results in our history. Our transformational merger with TSYS redefined the
industry landscape, and our distinctive focus on software, partnered and owned, omnichannel businesses
and faster-growth markets has driven industry-leading performance and generated significant competitive
wins over the last 12 months, further validating our pure-play payments model.

For the full year, we generated strong revenue growth, achieved meaningful operating leverage and
grew adjusted earnings per share 20%. We also processed in excess of 56 billion transactions across
our businesses, highlighting our significant scale. These outstanding results were achieved while
simultaneously executing on our partnership with TSYS, the largest merger in our history, and I'm
extremely proud of our 24,000 team members worldwide who made it all possible.

We exited 2019 by accelerating performance in the fourth quarter and carrying strong momentum into
2020, exactly as we said we would do. A few metrics. During the peak holiday period, we processed more
than 7 billion transactions, a high single-digit increase year-on-year despite a shorter calendar season.
These results provide us with confidence to now raise our estimate for annual run rate expense synergies
from the merger to $350 million within 3 years, the second time we have increased our expectations in
as many quarters. Finally, we delivered the highest adjusted earnings per share growth rate in the fourth
quarter that we have generated all year, setting us up nicely for ongoing growth in 2020.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

Let's review our business performance by segment. Merchant Solutions, which now represents 65%
of our company, has made substantial progress aligning go-to-market strategies, and our senior
leadership team is in place for the consolidated business. Milestones in the quarter included combining
our respective technology-enabled and relationship-led sales forces, rebranding our combined integrated
payments business as Global Payments Integrated, receiving recognition from J.D. Power for providing
an outstanding customer service experience with our call center support making us the first payments
technology company to be so recognized and re-signing agreements with 15 of legacy TSYS' 50 largest
ISV customers since closing the merger.

Our integrated business has unmatched breadth, serving more than 4,000 ISV partners across our
70 vertical markets. We continue to have a robust pipeline of new partners following a record year for
OpenEdge in terms of partner production in 2019, positioning this business well for future growth. We also
expect to begin realizing synergy benefits as we introduce Genius to the OpenEdge ecosystem this year
and provide TSYS partners international access, beginning with Canada.

As for our owned software portfolio, we delivered strong revenue growth for the fourth quarter and full
year as we leveraged our distribution and payments capabilities to scale our solutions in their respective
vertical markets. For example, Xenial generated revenue growth well into the double digits in 2019 and is
seeing strong demand for its cloud-based point-of-sale software solution, which is currently in production
in 400 locations. We have high expectations for our restaurant business in 2020 with continued rollout
of Xenial at the enterprise level, the ongoing success of Heartland Restaurant in the small and mid-
market and the expected substantial rollout of our new digital outdoor menu boards across thousands of
franchises in North America.

Our Campus Solutions business also executed its largest contract to date outside the United States,
signing a new partnership with Concordia University in Québec. Further, we ended the year having doubled
the annualized recurring revenue from our cloud-based analytics and customer engagement platform.

Regarding our omnichannel businesses, we successfully executed the rollout of our unified commerce
platform or UCP in the United Kingdom in the fourth quarter, positioning Global Payments to seamlessly
combine the virtual and physical worlds to serve complex merchant needs. UCP is now live in the United
States, United Kingdom, Canada and Asia Pacific.

We are also making great strides in our partnership with Citi to offer payment acceptance services to
its multinational banking clients on an omnichannel basis. In December, we activated Citi BINs in the
United States, and we will launch pilot production this quarter with the U.K., Canada and Continental
Europe to begin in the second quarter. Going forward, we expect to leverage our extensive network of
financial institution relationships, significantly enhanced through our partnership with TSYS, to cross-sell
our best-in-class UCP solutions. We are also focused on the immediate opportunity we have to enhance
the omnichannel experience for all of TSYS' customers with our leading single API solution and worldwide
capabilities.

Turning to our relationship-led business. We have aligned our distribution channels and are now
operating one combined sales force under the Heartland model. As one use case, we are pleased to have
significantly expanded our relationship with a large enterprise customer as a direct result of the breadth
and depth of our combined products and services. By pairing ProPay with our existing functionality, we
are able to deliver a distinctive customized solution set to meet the unique needs of this key partner. We
also ended the year with our 2 strongest sales productivity months across our distribution channels and
delivered solid double-digit growth in payroll new sales for the quarter as we benefit from the ongoing
rollout of our cloud-based platform.

Our merchant businesses outside the United States continue to experience strong momentum. We
successfully closed the acquisition of Desjardins' merchant portfolio at the end of December, and the
integration is proceeding as planned. Lead referrals will commence later this quarter, and we'll begin
converting existing customers to our platform at the same time.

In Europe, we outperformed in the U.K. once again despite ongoing weakness in macro consumer
spending trends, with new U.K. merchant sales increasing well into the double digits. We also continue

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

to drive terrific results in Central Europe with Erste and in Spain with Caixa and look forward to further
expanding our partnerships with these 2 leading financial institutions, particularly with the breadth of
product offerings we now have with TSYS.

In Asia Pacific, our omnichannel businesses accelerated growth significantly in the quarter, notwithstanding
the ongoing impact of the riots in Hong Kong. Our Sentral Education software business in Australia also
had terrific performance and is poised for more outstanding growth in 2020 despite the terrible fires that
are ongoing in that country.

Turning to our Issuer Solutions segment, which represents roughly 25% of our combined revenue. We
achieved record revenues, operating income and transactions for both the quarter and the full year. We
also ended the year at an all-time high number of accounts on file. We renewed existing contracts with
several large customers, including one of the biggest commercial card issuers in the United States for
both commercial and government markets as well as Capital One and Rogers Bank. And we also executed
a managed services agreement for another existing top 20 client. We signed several new customers,
including a new processing partnership with MotivHealth. And internationally, we signed a managed
services agreement for nationwide debit and an amendment with Virgin Money to move the Clydesdale/
Yorkshire Bank credit book to TSYS.

The issuer business successfully converted the Capital One Walmart portfolio in October, among others,
throughout the quarter. We also had our enterprise license business in the United Kingdom with private
bank C. Hoare & Co. go live with PRIME hosting and application management services. This is one of
several new business models with PRIME as a service, part of our initiative to further expand our PRIME
proposition. As mentioned previously, we intend to bring our PRIME business into new markets on a cloud/
SaaS basis as part of our issuer modernization program. We continue to maintain a healthy conversion
pipeline going into the new year, and our prospects for new issuer customers remain robust. In sum, our
issuer business is well positioned for continued growth in 2020 and beyond.

Finally, our Business and Consumer Solutions segment, which now represents roughly 10% of our
business, finished the year with growth accelerating from the third quarter while execution remains strong,
and we are already making significant strides on our differentiated strategy. Specifically, we recently
signed an agreement to enter a new joint venture with CaixaBank-owned MoneytoPay, which provides
prepaid payment solutions to consumers, corporations, governments and other institutions across multiple
markets in Europe. This transaction represents an important first step in our effort to expand and diversify
our business into new international markets.

The digitization of payments remains an ongoing strategic area of focus, and we completed the integration
of our payment solution into the Samsung Pay digital wallet in the fourth quarter, with new account
registrations exceeding our initial expectations. We are also executing against a large and rapidly growing
B2B opportunity set, and we had several notable new wins this quarter, including multiyear new Paycard
relationships with a top 25 consumer bank. Additionally, based on the positive results of our mid-2019
pilot, we are expanding our distribution of the PayPal-branded prepaid card to all of Walmart's U.S.
locations.

Looking ahead, the strong momentum we drove in 2019 is set to continue in 2020 as we execute on our
pure-play strategy and benefit from the realization of the meaningful revenue and cost synergies from our
partnership with TSYS. In addition to the $350 million of expense synergies we now expect to realize over
the next 3 years, we also continue to have line of sight toward achieving our goal to deliver at least $125
million of annual run rate revenue benefits over the same period.

As I've already mentioned, our efforts to align our merchant organizations and go-to-market strategy in
the U.S. are complete, and we expect to begin realizing revenue synergies in 2020 as we ramp to our
target over the next 3 years. Specifically, we have now enabled TSYS' Genius customer engagement
platform to support payment facilitation through ProPay. With this new capability, our partners across our
businesses will be able to improve merchant onboarding and create complex payment solutions tailored to
the needs of innovative and faster-growing markets. Further, they are launching Vital POS in the Heartland
distribution channel next month and expect to deliver it to Canada later this year. We are developing

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

self-select capabilities for Heartland, accelerating our plans to enable this new distribution channel by
leveraging the capabilities of ProPay.

Additionally, we anticipate to begin cross-selling Heartland Payroll into the legacy TSYS merchant base
in the second quarter. We are also integrating Netspend's Paycard solution into our payroll platform,
significantly enhancing our value proposition in key vertical markets, including restaurants and hospitality.
Moreover, we are executing against development road maps to deliver products like Genius and ProPay to
additional geographies internationally and enable TSYS' legacy customers outside of the United States. To
that end, we are already supporting legacy TSYS integrated partners in Canada.

Later this year, we expect to launch our analytics and customer engagement platform into the legacy
TSYS portfolio. We also anticipate making our own software businesses available to TSYS merchants.
While we execute on these cross-selling initiatives to begin generating near-term revenue enhancements,
we continue to engage in discussions with bank partners across 3 continents on issuer processing
opportunities for TSYS. We remain optimistic regarding our ability to extend existing relationships by
marrying our issuer processing with our acquiring capabilities globally to optimize transaction flows. Of
course, these opportunities are in addition to core merchant referral relationship possibilities from existing
TSYS FIs and private label retailers to Global Payments.

Lastly, we were actively working on expanding Netspend's B2B and B2C capabilities into our existing
businesses. In addition to the Paycard solution I previously highlighted, we are also planning to leverage
Netspend in our gaming business and integrate Netspend's B2B solution as a funding option for our
instant deposit product. All this is in addition to our newly announced joint venture at MoneyToPay with
our partners at CaixaBank, a clear example of our ability to generate synergies through our distinctive
relationships.

Paul?

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Thanks, Jeff. I want to reiterate how pleased we are to have delivered outstanding financial results that
exceeded our expectations for both the fourth quarter and the full year in 2019. Notably, we accomplished
this while also executing on the largest merger in our history, and we're incredibly proud of all that we
have already achieved together in just a few short months.

As we mentioned on our last earnings call, based on feedback from the SEC, starting with this quarter,
we are now reporting on an adjusted net revenue basis, excluding the addition of network fees. We filed
combined supplemental financials for the first 3 quarters of 2019 with this convention in mid-January.
The combined supplemental financials also reflect the changes to our segment structure, now Merchant
Solutions, Issuer Solutions and Business and Consumer Solutions, which aligns with how we operate the
company beginning in the fourth quarter.

With that backdrop, we delivered adjusted net revenue of $4.59 billion for the full year, reflecting growth
of 48% over 2018. For comparability of this performance to the prior convention guidance range we
gave on our last call, you would need to count an additional $1.05 billion for the year that was previously
included in our non-GAAP guidance that included network fees. The result would be above the high end of
the previous $5.60 billion to $5.63 billion guidance range. It is worth reminding you that the change in our
non-GAAP revenue convention has no impact on operating income, net income or earnings per share but
does serve to increase our overall margin profile.

Turning to margins. For 2019, we reported adjusted operating margin of 39.7%, which substantially
exceeded our expectations and reflects our new adjusted net revenue convention. On our last call, we
mentioned that we expected adjusted operating margin for the full year to expand by up to 40 basis
points on our prior convention. And on a comparable basis, we exceeded that result with an expansion of
approximately 70 basis points. This better-than-expected result was in part driven by the stronger top line
performance, solid execution across our businesses and expense synergy benefits.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

For the full year, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $6.22, a 20% increase over 2018 and ahead
of the top end of our prior guidance range of $6.12 to $6.20. We are delighted with the performance we
were able to deliver for 2019 as we continue to execute on our differentiated pure-play payment strategy.

Moving to the fourth quarter. Total adjusted net revenue was $1.8 billion, a 120% increase over the fourth
quarter of 2018. Adjusted operating margin was 38.3%. And adjusted earnings per share was $1.62, an
increase of 22% compared to the fourth quarter of 2018, which is the highest growth rate we delivered all
year.

Taking a closer look at our performance by segment. Merchant Solutions, which combines the legacy
Global Payments and TSYS merchant businesses, delivered adjusted net revenues of $1.16 billion
and adjusted operating margin of 45% for the fourth quarter. In North America, which accounts for
approximately 80% of merchant segment revenue, we continue to see strong momentum driven by our
technology-enabled, software-driven strategy. Our combined integrated and vertical markets businesses
delivered consistent low double-digit growth, and we again delivered high single-digit growth in our
relationship-led channel.

Our Canadian business grew in the mid-single digits for the quarter, slightly above our low single-digit
target on the back of a strong holiday season. We continue to have good momentum in Canada and
are, of course, pleased to have closed the acquisition of the Desjardins merchant portfolio at the end of
December.

Our merchant business in Europe, which accounts for roughly 15% of segment revenue, also posted
another solid quarter, achieving high single-digit constant-currency growth. This is consistent with our
long-term target for the region despite a challenging macro environment in the U.K. Recall that our U.K.
merchant business now represents nearly 4% of company revenue post our merger. Our businesses in
Spain, Central Europe and Russia all grew double digits in the quarter.

Our Asian merchant business, which accounts for roughly 5% of segment revenue, continued to deliver
double-digit constant-currency growth excluding Hong Kong. Notably, our omnichannel business in APAC
grew nearly 30%, driven both by a shift to e-commerce in Hong Kong and several new customer wins in
the region this quarter.

Moving to Issuer Solutions. We delivered a record $459 million in adjusted net revenue for the fourth
quarter, a little more than 3.5% growth on an organic constant-currency basis from the prior year and an
acceleration in the sequential quarterly growth rate from the third quarter, which is consistent with our
expectations. As expected, the issuer growth acceleration resulted from several significant conversions
and a strong peak holiday season. Importantly, underlying trends in the issuer business continued to be
consistent with our long-term outlook for mid-single-digit growth.

We also added 20 million accounts on file during the quarter, roughly double the number of accounts
added in each of the prior 3 quarters. As Jeff mentioned, this allowed us to end the year at a record
number of total traditional accounts on file. Reported adjusted segment operating margin for the issuer
business was 40.2%.

Finally, our Business and Consumer Solutions segment delivered adjusted net revenue of $200 million,
which is essentially flat with prior year results, and this is despite continued headwinds from the effect of
the CFPB prepaid rule. This performance represented a meaningful acceleration sequentially from the third
quarter and is consistent with our commentary on the last call. Adjusted operating margin for the quarter
was 21.5%.

We continue to be pleased by the performance of our DDA products and realized improving trends in gross
dollar volume while the team had a number of significant new contract wins and successfully completed
the integration with Samsung Pay. I also want to express my excitement regarding our agreement to
purchase 51% of MoneytoPay in partnership with CaixaBank. Not only is this an important milestone in
our strategic plan to expand into new markets, but it serves as another example of how we continue to
broaden our relationships with leading financial institutions in faster-growth regions. We expect to close
MoneytoPay midyear.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

We said at the time of the merger that our international footprint would allow us to expand this business
outside the United States, and our announcement today helps us to realize the potential we saw at the
time of the merger. The solid operating performance we delivered across all our businesses allowed us to
continue to generate significant adjusted free cash flow as we converted at a rate equal to roughly 100%
of adjusted earnings for the quarter.

On the investment side, we reinvested approximately $107 million back into the business in CapEx
to develop new product and technology solutions, invested $300 million to complete the purchase
of the Desjardins merchant portfolio in Canada and repurchased roughly 520,000 of our shares for
approximately $95 million. At the end of the quarter, pro forma leverage was at roughly 2.6x, basically flat
to where we ended last quarter, inclusive of these incremental investments and some deleveraging. Our
strong balance sheet and impressive free cash flow generation positions the new Global Payments with
significant capacity to pursue our balanced capital allocation strategy going forward while maintaining our
investment-grade rating.

Turning to our outlook for 2020. We expect adjusted net revenue to range from $7.68 billion to $7.75
billion, reflecting growth of 67% to 69% over 2019. This represents a combined growth of 8% to 9%. For
comparability of this guidance range to our prior convention that includes network fees, you would need to
count an additional $1.6 billion.

On the margin outlook for next year, we expect adjusted operating margin to expand by up to 250 basis
points on a combined basis as we benefit from the natural operating leverage in our business and expense
synergy actions. On a reported basis, we expect adjusted operating margin expansion of up to 75 basis
points. We expect net interest expense of just north of $300 million for the year, and we are forecasting
our effective tax rate to be in the range of 21% to 22% in between the legacy historical rates of Global
and TSYS as stand-alone companies.

We expect our capital expenditures to be in the high $500 million to low $600 million range, with a
combination of growth investments and some onetime capital costs related to the integration. And finally,
you will notice that we have broken out the equity and income line from our equity method investments,
which is primarily made up of our approximate 45% ownership in CUP Data, and we currently expect this
line to mirror the fourth quarter annualized run rate in 2020. Putting it all together, we expect adjusted
earnings per share in a range of $7.43 to $7.62, reflecting growth of 20% to 23% over 2019.

Given our typical seasonality and our expectation that revenue and expense synergy benefits will naturally
build as we go through 2020, we expect adjusted net revenue growth and adjusted earnings per share
growth to be higher in the second half relative to first half of the year. As is well known, we will benefit
from the lapping of the CFPB impact in our Business and Consumer Solutions segment beginning in the
second quarter and expect growth in the Issuer Solutions segment to normalize in the second half of
the year after we anniversary the effect of the in-sourcing of a single product by 1 client that we have
discussed previously. Given these 2 previously discussed items, we expect growth in these 2 businesses
in the first quarter to be roughly consistent with the year-over-year quarterly growth of what we saw in
the fourth quarter and accelerate thereafter. Finally, we expect the ongoing strong growth of our merchant
business as we exited 2019 to continue throughout 2020.

In closing, we couldn't be more pleased with the significant financial and strategic progress we made in
2019 and how we are positioned to perform as we build on our momentum in 2020. And with that, I'll turn
it back over to Jeff.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Thanks, Paul. The outlook for our businesses is bright as we enter the next decade as the leading provider
of integrated payment solutions, owned software and omnichannel capabilities globally in the most
attractive markets. Our early integration efforts are well underway, and we are delighted at this stage to
be in a position to raise our expectations for expense synergies for the second time in as many quarters.
By exceeding our expectations for the fourth quarter and the year, we exited 2019 with substantial

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

momentum across our businesses, a strong investment-grade balance sheet and significant opportunities
to continue to accelerate growth and extend our competitive moat well into the future.

Winnie?

Winnie Smith
Vice President of Investor Relations
[Operator Instructions] Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dave Koning of Baird.

David John Koning
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Congrats on a great year.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Thanks, Dave.

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Thanks, Dave.

David John Koning
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Yes. And I guess, first of all, just because it is a new revenue kind of mechanism that you've given to us,
what was merchant growth -- organic constant-currency growth in Q4?

And then, I mean, should that immediately kind of accelerate into Q1 and through the year just given the
synergies coming on?

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. Dave, this is Paul, and Cameron may want to add. But we saw high single-digit organic growth on the
merchant segment in the fourth quarter. And yes, we're expecting that kind of growth rate to continue and
accelerate throughout the year next year.

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Yes. Dave, it's Cameron. The only thing I would add to that is, remember, in Q4, we were impacted a
little bit by the Hong Kong situation. That probably was about 1 point of drag on that growth. As we enter
2020, we see really good momentum in the merchant business. And as we begin to generate revenue
synergies across the merchant business as we get towards the back half of 2020, I would expect that
number to be close to double digits.

David John Koning
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. Great. And secondly, your leverage is in a really good spot even after buying the Canadian asset. So
is it in guidance basically to assume that you use the full cash flow of the year to either make the Spanish
acquisition coming up now or -- and/or buybacks, kind of using the full amount of cash? Or would that be
upside if you do, do that?

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. So Dave, obviously, we're thrilled to be in the position that we're in from a capital structure
standpoint. And as we said in our prepared remarks, we do have good capacity to be able to do the kind
of strategic things we wanted to do to continue the growth of the business. Obviously, in our guidance,
we have kind of capital deployment assumptions around various kind of scenarios. And so you'll see us
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

throughout the year do a combination of things, kind of like we did in the fourth quarter where there'll be
some acquisitions, there'll be some deleveraging, there'll be some share repurchase, and that is kind of
baked into the overall guide.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ashwin Shirvaikar of Citigroup.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Congratulations on the quarter. Appreciate the commentary that provided the bridge to prior outlook and
the prior way of reporting. That's helpful. I want to just ask about the underlying, say, macro assumptions
in your outlook. I know you do tend to set up each year you can do well against the initial guide. But to
what extent have you already taken into account conditions in Asia, U.K.? Is the MoneytoPay piece already
in there? If you could break that out in terms of impact.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Yes. Ashwin, it's Jeff. I'll start, and I'll ask Cameron to join in on the back part of your question as well.
I would say the consumer is very healthy. I think as Paul alluded to come in his prepared remarks, we
saw continuing health through the fourth quarter, and we expect that momentum to continue into 2020.
As I mentioned in the prepared comments, we saw record peak volumes for us, 7 billion transactions
during peak period, up high single digits year-over-year despite the shorter holiday period. And I think our
confidence in our guidance and kind of where we are as a company reflects the underlying health of the
consumer.

We also pointed out, particularly in Paul's commentary, the strength of our business in Europe. We
continue to be pleased with how we're outperforming in the United Kingdom despite a more difficult macro
environment there. But I would say it's probably been 6 or 7 months of that outperformance in the U.K.
And of course, we remain very pleased with Erste in Continental Europe and Caixa in Spain.

Cameron alluded to this in response to Dave's question a minute ago, but we do expect, in the back half
of '20, our Asia Pacific business, relative to the Hong Kong riots that we saw in the back half of '19, to
improve. So certainly, reporting that ex Hong Kong for the last number of quarters, that number has been
double digits. We certainly expect to lap that in 2020, and that would certainly be an improvement over
where we were.

So I would say, Ashwin, we think the consumer is pretty healthy. I think our expectations heading to this
year assume that continued momentum that we had really coming out last year that we see coming into
this year, so we're very optimistic about our ability to continue to drive enhanced growth. Cameron, do
you want to add any color?

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Yes. I'll just add maybe just a couple of points, Ashwin. North America, which is 80% of the merchant
business, obviously, to Jeff's point, I think remains very healthy. We have very strong momentum across
both volume, transactions, and, obviously, revenue growth in the North American business heading into
2020 and feel good about the outlook just as a macro matter for the balance of the year.

You asked about U.K. specifically. I think we envision an environment relatively similar to what we saw in
the back half of 2019. They continue to muddle through the Brexit process. Obviously, as you get closer
to the end of the year and the Brexit becomes more of a "reality" on the ground, it'll -- we'll see how
trends continue to hold up. But as we sit here today, I think our outlook is they'll continue to maintain a
reasonably stable environment, albeit not a growth environment. We've been benefited by a very strong
sales performance in the U.K., which has helped offset what's been a, obviously, slow to no growth macro
environment in that market.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

And of course, Asia is a little bit of a wildcard. I would note that Greater China is less than 2% of our
combined revenues as a company. There will be some impact on the business from the coronavirus
outbreak across the region. A little early to tell how much of an impact that will be, but given the relatively
small size of that given Global Payments as a whole, we certainly think we'll be able to absorb that and
move through. And as Jeff highlighted, as you get to the back half of the year, assuming things settle out
from a coronavirus standpoint, we do expect Asia to return to more normalized growth in that low double-
digit range as we lap the Hong Kong protest impact from last year.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

And Ashwin, it's Jeff again. On MoneytoPay, on your question there, it's important strategically to us
because we think part of our different trade strategy involves bringing our Netspend business into lesser
penetrated and more attractive underlying markets outside the United States. So it's important, but it is
immaterial to us as it relates to any financial, revenue or other impact to the company, just to be clear.

Ashwin Vassant Shirvaikar
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Got it. And then strategically, do you intend over time to do the same sort of whittling down with the
original TSYS ISO business that you did from a pricing-type standpoint to the GPN business? Or what's the
intent there? And is that in your numbers?

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Yes. I would say the intent as a combined business, Ashwin, is a little bit different than Global's historical
stance around the wholesale channel. Today, wholesale represents about 8% of the merchant business, so
a little bit less than that, obviously, on a consolidated basis for Global Payments as a whole. Our view on
that is we're very happy to stay in that business around that same level. We're not actively looking to exit
the business. We have very good partners in that business that we want to continue to serve well and we'll
continue to support and we'll continue to renew.

We're not going to go out and aggressively seek to sign new sort of wholesale customers through that
channel. We may sign a few new in select circumstances. But I think, by and large, our strategy is
continue to maintain the business largely as it is. It's roughly a flattish kind of growth business for
us going forward, and we'll continue to really focus most of our energy around our direct distribution
channels, of which we have a plethora of good opportunities, clearly, in the U.S. market as a combined
business, as Jeff talked about in his script.

Operator

Our next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just one question for you just on industry consolidation still going on around you and all of us. So appetite
to do a deal, has that changed in any way? And I'm curious if the type of asset also that you might
consider has changed as well.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Yes. Tien-Tsin, it's Jeff. I would say and as we said before, I think ongoing consolidation, we think, is
something that provides further validation really of the strategy that we have had and have adopted over
many years. So none of that's a surprise. It's stuff we certainly thought heavily about and I think just
reinforces the competitive position we're in.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

As Paul mentioned a few minutes ago, I think given our balance sheet and our leverage levels coming
out of the partnership with TSYS, I think we're as well positioned as we ever have been to think about
more transactions. I think the gating item for us really has been how do we feel about the integration
with TSYS. I would say, as you've heard us now in this call and also last quarter, having raised our
estimates twice on the expense side, and obviously, you can judge for yourself the quality of the operating
performance, which I think is very good today and our guidance, which I think is great, I think we feel
really good about kind of where we are heading into 2020.

So our pipeline is full. It's full of a variety of types of transactions, other large or naturally large
consolidations, software-related businesses, et cetera. As always, we're pursuing everything to see where
we think the right angle is for shareholder value creation. But I would say we're in as good a position
today as we really have been and right where we want to be in terms of our appetite to pursue more
transactions.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Good. And then maybe just a quick follow-up. Just with the interchange adjustments in the U.S., I'm
curious if there's any impact there. And maybe just comment on pricing overall on the merchant side. Any
change there?

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Yes. Tien-Tsin, it's Jeff. I'll start, and I'll ask Cameron also to comment more detail on the merchant
side. But twice a year at least -- twice a year, usually in April and October, as you know, the networks
change interchange-related pricing, if not more often than that. So that's something we expect in our
management of the business, and that's true globally for us. So really, that's not a surprise.

As we've said before, any change in interchange pricing is good for us as a company. We prefer, of course,
it to go down at the margin because that's better for our customers, our merchants. But at the end of the
day, we provide value-added services, and the more complexity and the more value we can provide, well,
just the better for us over time.

I would say as it relates to adjustments in pricing, before I turn it over to Cameron, any pricing action that
we would ever take, and Paul used to say this too when he was running that company, it's a very efficient
competitive market, will be competed away over time at the end of the day, and those are obviously
very transparent. So I think this is kind of nothing new for us. It's something we see all the time in our
markets around the world. So as I mentioned, this is all good news in the scheme of things. We, of course,
prefer prices to our customers to come down. But it's not something that's unexpected from us, and it's
obviously something we're very well prepared to accommodate.

Cameron, you want talk a little bit about pricing trends in merchant?

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Yes. I would say pricing trends kind of across the board are relatively stable. I think we continue to see a
strong market for our offerings, and I think our model of providing what we believe to be a superior level
of product service capability to our customers allows us to get paid fairly for delivering those services.
And to Jeff's point earlier, our ability to continue to drive more value-added services and deliver more
innovative capabilities to our product is only providing more of a tailwind for us to be able to maintain
a stable pricing environment across the core part of the processing solutions that we deliver. So I think
we feel very good about how we're positioned in the market, and I think the overall pricing behavior in
the market continues to be relatively rational. We're not seeing a lot of sort of irrational behavior in the
marketplace, which is certainly comforting as well.

And just lastly, on Jeff's point as it relates to changes in interchange, we're seeing these -- we see these
all the time. This is a part of running the business. We're not in the business of absorbing those. And

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

obviously, any time Visa or Mastercard or any of the networks make a change, we have work that we have
to do to accommodate that and to be able to pass that along to our customers. And obviously, we look to
do that in a very efficient way. But obviously, we're not in the business of absorbing that in our different
businesses around the globe. So it's just part of running the business. It's getting more headlines this
year, but it's something that we see, obviously, every single year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steven Kwok of KBW.

Wai Ming Kwok
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Just the first one was just around the $25 million of incremental cost synergies. Can you elaborate around
like where that's coming from and if there's potential upside? And also a follow-up around -- for the $125
million of revenue and $350 million of cost synergies, how much of that is embedded within your 2020
guidance?

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Yes. Steven, it's Cameron. I'll start on the first part and maybe ask Paul to jump in on the specific
guide since that's no longer my business. On the first part, I would say, broadly across really operating
environments and technology, I think most of the corporate overhead savings and public company
expenses that we expected to realize, I think we remain very much on track with our initial estimates
there. I think as we continue to align operating environments, we continue to work through our technology
architecture and make decisions about what we want future-state technology environment to be for the
merchant business specifically. Obviously, I think we've been able to find more opportunities to rationalize
expenses and improve upon the original estimates that we had for cost synergies from the transaction.
So having just upped them today another $25 million, it's a little premature to talk about future upside
to that new raised number. But obviously, we're working very hard to make sure that we deliver on the
commitments that we've already made, and obviously, to the extent we can do better than that, we will.

The last point I would make on that, and I would more call it as a reminder relative to what we talked
about when we announced the transactions, our synergies have been designed to ensure that we do a
couple of things: one is position the business for success long term; two, realize the value that we saw
in the transaction combining the companies; and three, most importantly, not disrupt the momentum in
the business. So we've been very careful as we're making these decisions that we don't disrupt the strong
momentum and the strong growth we're seeing in the merchant business in particular. So we're very
cautious as we think about taking costs out of the business to ensure that we don't do that.

We also, lastly, want to position the business for long-term sort of margin expansion. So we're going to
take the actions we're going to take over the next 3 years, but I think even beyond that, we'll have a lot of
opportunities to continue to scale the business, drive sustainable margin expansion for the long term, and
that's an important part of our thesis as well. Paul, do you want to touch on the second part?

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes, sure. And Steven, on the guidance and how much of the synergy is built into the guidance, on the
expense side, you heard us on the last call talk about the $100 million that we've already actioned on the
expense side. So fully -- obviously, that's fully baked into the guidance. And we have obviously actioned
more than that and are going to continue to action throughout the year additional items, and so those will
be coming in as the year progresses. So the $100 million is fully baked in, and then there's some more
that's coming in throughout the year.

On the revenue side, we have said really from the start that a lot of the revenue synergies are really more
of a 2021. And so we will -- as we mentioned earlier, on the merchant side, we will start seeing some in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

the back half of the year on the revenue side that is embedded in, but significant items on the revenue
synergy side have more of a longer tail to them.

Wai Ming Kwok
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And just a quick follow-up around the unified commerce platform. What's the current uptake among
your customers? And then are there other geographies that you can expand the product into?

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Yes. Steven, it's Jeff. I'll take the second question first. It's now worldwide. So I'm sure there are
additional geographies we can go in because we're currently physically in 38 countries as a combined
company and cross-border in 100. So 100 is not all the countries, but in terms of Global Payments and
where we sit today as a company, UCP is live in every one of them. So I would say, worldwide, we're
very pleased with where the footprint is. And as a volume matter, that's, by far, the vast, vast majority of
where volumes are transacted around the world, so we're in the right markets.

In terms of customer interaction, we, I think, mentioned this on the previous call. We're up and running
with a number of customers today, particularly overseas, on UCP, and the feedback has been really good.
I think we mentioned, when we had time in the last call, a number of those wins. Those companies are
being booked into and booked online into UCP when they go live since the business is up and running. So I
would say we feel very good about kind of where we are today.

It's selling very well competitively. We have some real bright spots this past quarter, which -- just to point
out a few of them, in particular, in Spain, in Russia, in Canada, in terms of our e-commerce growth. Paul
mentioned it in his prepared remarks, our omnichannel business in Asia Pacific, which grew 30% in the
fourth quarter year-over-year. So clearly, I think in the omnichannel business, we're exactly where we
want to be, and UCP is a big part of that story.

Operator

Our next question comes from Glenn Greene of Oppenheimer.

Glenn Edward Greene
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

First, just going back to the -- maybe for Jeff, the revenue synergy potential. You obviously sort of raised
the cost synergy goal and the revenue synergy aligned where it was before. But maybe a little bit more
color on sort of your early conversations with clients, putting combined solutions together, just sort of the
update on the last 3 months from what you're seeing.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Yes. Glenn, it's Jeff, and I'll start. And I'll ask Cameron to add, too. We feel really good, as I said in the
prepared remarks, about where we are on the revenue synergies. Part of the reason we didn't increase
them now, as Paul mentioned just in response to Steven's question, is, by nature, those tend to be long-
dated. So whereas expense synergies, as Cameron alluded to the detail, are kind of in front of us right
now and easier to quantify, time and see, obviously, revenue takes time to kind of come in. So that really
gets to the $125 million and how we're thinking it.

But I would say, as it relates to that, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're starting to book those
this year. So I gave a few examples of that. Selling Vital POS into the Heartland base, I think we said in
the call it's going to be in the second quarter, which obviously is in like 6 weeks. So that's near dated.
Selling the Paycard into the -- from Netspend into the Heartland base, also, I think, tied to the second
quarter. Towards the back half of the year, selling legacy Xenial, Global Payments data and analytics and
customer engagement platform into the TSYS base. So those are things that will be realized throughout
the year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

We also have made significant progress, Glenn, in what we'll call transaction optimization, which is finding
ways to marry, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the issuing and acquiring benefits. We have active
ongoing discussions with multiple large corporations, primarily outside the United States, in Europe and in
Canada about ways to match issuing and acquiring and to provide more efficiencies in terms of customer
engagement costs, data analytics and reporting together. We've made a ton of progress on that since our
last call in October. But of course, those 2 will be long-dated because that will take time to do.

I'd also say, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, Global Payments acquiring outside of the United
States, where TSYS did not have a business in merchant before the merger, also is making a lot of
headway in signing new customers on competitive takeaways from other providers because TSYS was not
in that business overseas. So I would say, Glenn, we feel very confident and have clear line of sight into
the $125 million. We'll obviously revisit upping that in the future. But those are long-dated and do take
some time, and that plays into our thinking as to what the timing is.

Glenn Edward Greene
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

And then a follow-up question just maybe for Paul. At a high level, sort of appreciating the second half
skew in issuer and consumer but sort of segment growth and profitability expectations in calendar '20 in
merchant. Will you still be sort of thinking high single digits? And can we get back to mid-single digits in
issuer or is it -- on a combined year basis? Or is that too optimistic?

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

No, Glenn, that's -- you're thinking about it right. On the merchant side, the longer-term kind of growth
rates are still intact from a go-forward standpoint. As I said, those kind of progress throughout the year,
particularly as some of the synergies come in. As we talk about issuer, obviously, we've still got another
1.5 quarters of headwind related to this one single product de-conversion. Once we anniversary that in the
back half of the year, we get back to that strong mid-single-digit growth there in -- really in the sweet spot
of the longer-term growth range there. And then on the business and consumer side, obviously, for the
first quarter, the headwinds still continue from the CFPB. But once we get past there, also a mid-single-
digit kind of story there.

So when you blend that together, that's the overall kind of growth underpinning behind the 8% to 9%
guidance that we gave. And obviously, at the beginning of the year, we're a little bit lower, and at the end
of the year, we end up more at the higher end of the range.

Operator

Our next question comes from Darrin Peller of Wolfe Research.

Darrin David Peller
Wolfe Research, LLC

So we -- just to follow up on the revenue synergies. We have had some feedback from the industry that
you guys have had some early successes around Vital and Genius being -- I think you mentioned, Jeff,
being cross-sold through the Heartland and the OpenEdge platforms. I just -- I'd be curious to hear where
you believe you are. Like is it actually -- where is the sales process in that now? Are the -- are your people
actually selling it already? Is it -- how has it been going so far? What kind of ramp do you expect on that?
It seems like a competitive opportunity versus the others that have done well like Clovers and others. And
then just curious what the attrition and price points you can get for those versus your current levels.

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Yes. Darrin, it's Cameron. I'll start here and then ask Jeff and Paul to jump in if they have anything they
want to add. You're right, we have had some early success. We're rolling Vital out through the Heartland
distribution channel, as we said on the call, actually in early March. That will be the launching of it. And
we do expect that, obviously, to continue to position our direct distribution relationship-led channel in the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

U.S. very well competitively in the marketplace. We think Vital is a terrific solution. We think it obviously
competes very well for that register replacement part of the POS market as a specialty POS solution.
We think its capabilities are robust. And our team is delighted to have the opportunity to sell that. We're
rolling it out at our Diamond Conference the first week of March, and they'll be in the market selling it
thereafter.

On the integrated side, we've had really good success thus far really with Genius integrated into the
OpenEdge -- the legacy OpenEdge environment. We have 2 new partner wins that I think we would have
a good shot at winning on our own, but certainly, the combined capabilities of Genius with our integrated
solutions put us over the top with 2 large partners that we're very excited about. We're exchanging
contracts now and expect those to be done here shortly, and we'll obviously look to ramp those up as
we get into the back half of 2020. But very excited about the prospects of being able to leverage Genius
across the integrated business to drive new wins on that front.

The other thing we're particularly excited about already is supporting legacy TSYS integrated partners in
Canada. So we've already been able to turn that on for them and obviously look to be able to expand that
into other markets internationally that TSYS historically didn't have the opportunity to do just given the
footprint of their merchant business, was in the U.S. And then the last thing I would highlight that we're
particularly excited about, and we've already seen some early wins coming out of this and Jeff highlighted
in his script as well, is the ability to leverage the capabilities of ProPay across both our integrated business
as well as our relationship-led business has already led to some early success. And obviously, we expect to
see that ramp over the course of the year.

To the second part of your question, I would just simply say, and this reflects a little bit on the comments I
made earlier, when we could add more value around the transaction, when we can deliver more innovative
technological capabilities, whether it's Genius integrated into our integrated environment or ProPay being
used as a disbursement engine or self-select onboarding engine, leveraging those capabilities, selling Vital
as a POS solution allows us to add more value to our customers, allows us to get paid and continue to be
paid fairly and appropriately for the level of innovation, products, service we're delivering to them. So it
creates a nice tailwind and obviously is very important in terms of our ability to continue to drive sustained
growth in the merchant business at the levels we're targeting.

Darrin David Peller
Wolfe Research, LLC

All right. That's great. Just a quick follow-up, Jeff, on Netspend or the legacy Netspend business. I mean
just any updated thoughts on your strategic process going forward? I mean is it going as well as you
would have thought, that you'd want to keep it and keep cross-selling? And/or do you have any other
thoughts about the business?

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Yes. Darrin , it's Jeff. I would say it's exactly in line with our expectations. I think we said this on the
October call, that we expected to see improvement, and in fact, we did, to flattish in the fourth quarter.
And of course, now here in the first quarter, as Paul mentioned, we're about to anniversary, starting in the
second quarter, the CFPB action. And I think we have 2 strategies that are differentiated for that business.

The first is to expand overseas. Our partnership with Caixa, which we're always looking to extend in any
direction we can, I think successfully positions that for success heading into the middle of the year, as
Paul described. And the second one is to go deeper into B2B, and we mentioned the Paycard wins that
we've had, the top bank, over the last period of time. So certainly, I would say, Darrin, consistent with our
expectations as to where the business ought to be.

But I've also said, over time, as it relates to all of our businesses, not specific to Netspend, we're here to
maximize value for our shareholders and our stakeholders. So every one of our businesses needs to be
thought of in that context, and that's exactly what we're doing right now with Netspend. So we think we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

have a differentiated strategy. Obviously, we assess those things all the time. And if at some point, facts
change, then we'll change with the facts.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jason Kupferberg of Bank of America.

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So I just wanted to clarify. The 8% to 9% growth in 2020, is that all organic? Or does that include the
Canada acquisition? Does it include the headwind from wholesale, et cetera?

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes, Jason. So yes, it is on a combined basis, so it's on a like-for-like basis. We obviously are getting
some small benefit as it relates to the Desjardins portfolio, but that's relatively small. And obviously,
there's some other impacts obviously that are playing through. But the way to think about it really is,
if you -- going back to what I said earlier around the components, each one of the businesses from a
fundamental standpoint is growing; once we anniversary these 2 items in the first quarter, are growing at
those established kind of long-term expectation growth rate. And so while the math is kind of 8% to 9%
for this year, the key message is each one of those businesses, and you're going to see this in the back
half of the year, are performing exactly in line with those kind of long-term established growth rates that
we've had for the business.

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. And then just as a follow-up, can you -- I think you mentioned that issuer grew 3.5% organic
constant currency in Q4. Can you just quantify how much acceleration that represented and then to the
extent there were any cost synergies realized in period, in Q4, what those came in at?

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Sure, yes. So we had about 100 basis point acceleration in issuer in the fourth quarter relative to the third
quarter on kind of a like-for-like basis. So it was exactly the kind of acceleration that we talked about on
our last call. I would say that if you kind of took out the governmental headwind and also this one product
and you kind of layered that on top of that 3.5%, you get squarely back in that mid-single-digit growth
range that we've talked about in this business. So that kind of underlies the fundamental growth rate that
we look at when we're managing the business.

As it relates to cost synergies, yes, we had a great margin quarter in issuer for the fourth quarter. So
we are getting some cost synergies in that business, just like we are throughout the company. So that
business is also positioned for great margin expansion in 2020, which is embedded in the guide.

Operator

And our last question will come from George Mihalos of Cowen.

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Appreciate all the color. Maybe just 2 points of clarification if we look at the fourth quarter '19
performance. Firstly, on a year-over-year pro forma basis, was the growth rate roughly 7% and then
you're talking about the 7% accelerating to 8% to 9% in 2020? And then if we sort of disaggregate the
Merchant Solutions business, to the extent we can, by legacy Global and TSYS, is the right way to think
about it that legacy Global grew in the low double digits and TSYS sort of in the mid-single digits?

Paul Michael Todd

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. So I'll start, and then, Cameron, you may want to add as it relates to the overall kind of merchant
growth. So as it relates to fourth quarter, yes, George, that's about the right range. That kind of 7%-ish
is pretty close on a pure kind of apples-to-apples basis. And so you would also want to think about that
growth rate being somewhat similar, just like we said in our prepared remarks for the first quarter, and
then accelerating meaningfully throughout the year. I'd just say that, that is a high single-digit growth
rate for the merchant business and then these 2 kind of headwind growth rates as it relates to the other 2
businesses.

As it relates to kind of margin expansion, also, we did get good margin expansion in the fourth quarter
on an apples-to-apples basis. And as said in our prepared remarks, we exceeded our margin expectation
substantially in the fourth quarter, and that gives us nice tailwind for the annual margin expansion that we
expect on a go-forward basis for 2020. Cameron, do you want to give color on the legacy merchant side?

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Yes. George, it's Cameron. So obviously, we've combined the business so it's hard to get a very clear
definitive view of what legacy Global was versus legacy TSYS. But what I would say is, if you look at the
legacy Global business, obviously, on a constant-currency basis and excluding Hong Kong, which was
about 1 point of headwind, we were in that low double-digit growth range, which is very consistent with
what we saw throughout the course of 2019. So I would just say more of the same really on the legacy
Global side, with Hong Kong being a little bit of a headwind in the quarter as we talked about previously.

On the TSYS side, I think they were in that kind of high single-digit range, accelerating from the third
quarter, as we indicated they would. So when you blend that together, I think you get a high single-digit
rate for the merchant business, which is the jumping-off point heading into 2020, which we feel very good
about, and then accelerating through the course of the year as we begin to realize synergies within the
merchant business.

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Got you. Very helpful. And then just one quick follow-up. Jeff, any more color on the M&A pipeline? Maybe
to be more specific, is it software, more traditional assets? And you referenced strength in restaurant
again. Is that a vertical where you're interested in doing more M&A? Or do you think you're sort of fully
built out there?

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Yes. I would say, George, that we're looking at everything. It's a mix of software assets, a mix of other
merchant and processing assets. I would say, for the time being, a lot of stuff is outside the United States.
That's just kind of where it is, but some stuff, particularly in the software side, is more likely to be inside
the United States because there's larger targets in software more likely inside the United States than
outside. So -- but I would say we have a full pipeline, and we're kind of looking at everything.

We're very proud of our restaurant business. And I think we called it out in the prepared remarks, the
SICOM acquisition 1.5 years ago has been really grand slam for us. We, of course, now call it Xenial, which
was the old partner name of the Heartland business. It's done terrifically well for us. So look, we're at
scale in that business. Obviously, when you're at scale in a business, you'd like to do more, so more scale
is a good thing.

But I would also say though, I think part of the rationale behind the SICOM deal was that we wanted
to be end-to-end vertically integrated, from the front to the middle to the back of house with payments
but also with hardware, software and data and analytics and everything else. And we're really that way
today. We've invested about $50 million of capital in Xenial more broadly ex the acquisition of SICOM but
including the pro forma company in the last period of years compared to some of our competitors who

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

sank $0.5 billion. We're in 400 locations operating today, which is what I said in our prepared remarks.
And I think that speaks to our ability to invest wisely and scale our businesses.

So yes, sure, if someone wants to sell their business cheap, we're always going to look because we're in
the market and we're at scale. But I do think we've done a good job executing there, and we're exactly
where we want to be in the restaurant business. So I don't think we need to do more. I think we'll be
opportunistic.

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Congrats, guys.

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Thanks, George.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Thanks, George. On behalf of Global Payments, thank you for your interest in us today, and thanks for
joining us this morning.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may all disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 12, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

