Global Payments Inc. NYSE:GPN
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, May 04, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.77

1.82

Revenue  (mm)

1769.51

1812.22

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-27-2021 8:35 AM GMT

2.82

2.41

1.89

7.96

9.35

1839.24

7564.57

8299.02

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.21

1.66

1.76

1.77

1.31

1.71

1.80

1.82

8.26 %

3.01 %

2.27 %

2.82 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Winnie Smith
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Andrew William Jeffrey
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Daniel Rock Perlin
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Darrin David Peller
Wolfe Research, LLC

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Securities, Research Division

Ramsey Clark El-Assal
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Global Payments First Quarter 2021
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference will be recorded.

At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President, Investor
Relations, Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.

Winnie Smith
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and welcome to Global Payments First Quarter 2021 Conference Call.

Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during today's
conference call contain forward-looking statements about expected operating and financial results.
These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the impact of COVID-19
and economic conditions, on our future operations that could cause actual results to differ materially
from our expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC,
including our most recent 10-K and subsequent filings. We caution you not to place undue reliance on
these statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call, and
we undertake no obligation to update them.

Some of the comments made refer to non-GAAP financial measures, such as adjusted net revenue,
adjusted operating margin and adjusted earnings per share, which we believe are more reflective of our
ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of these and other non-GAAP financial measures to the most
comparable GAAP measures in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished
as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our trended financial highlights, both of which are
available in the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpayments.com.

Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; Cameron Bready, President and COO; and Paul Todd, Senior
Executive Vice President and CFO. Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Thanks, Winnie. We delivered our best performance since the end of 2019 because of our focus on
technology enablement coupled with excellence in execution. Our results demonstrated strong sequential
momentum from the fourth quarter of 2020 and improved monthly throughout the first quarter of 2021.
We are encouraged by the overall run rates we are seeing in the business. We exited the first quarter in a
better position than we entered it.

We are delighted to have to return to growth in the first quarter of 2021. We were able to deliver revenue,
margin and earnings per share growth despite facing difficult year-over-year comparisons as the pandemic
did not begin to impact our business until mid-March 2020. None of this would have been possible
without the dedication of our exceptional team members, and we thank them for their commitment to our
customers, our communities and each other.

And we continue to expand our competitive moat. We are pleased today to announce 2 strategic
acquisitions for approximately $1 billion in total that further our software-driven, technology-enabled
strategy and deepen our presence in the most attractive markets globally. We expect to continue to gain
market share and extend our lead.

In combination with the roughly $1 billion in share repurchases we've affected since returning to our
capital allocation strategy at the end of last year, we continue to balance appropriately reinvestment in the
future growth of our business with efficient return of capital.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

First, with our agreement to acquire Zego, we enter one of the largest and most attractive vertical markets
worldwide. Real estate is the quintessence of the type of market that we seek, sizable, global in scope,
fragmented and ripe for further software, digital commerce and payments penetration. And COVID-19 has
accelerated the underlying changes that make this $6.5 billion target addressable market so attractive.

Zego is a leading software and payment technology company with significant scale, delivering a
comprehensive real estate technology platform to 7,300 customers, representing more than 11 million
residential units in the United States. Zego's digital omnichannel solutions support property managers
and residents throughout the real estate life cycle, from leasing and onboarding, to work orders, utility
management, resident communications, renewals, offboarding, and, of course, payments. Through its
integrated payments offering, Zego processes approximately $30 billion in payments annually in a market
with a volume opportunity that exceeds $1 trillion.

The company delivers its full value stack through a cloud-native SaaS platform to enable seamless digital
property management and best-in-class resident engagement and omnichannel experiences. It is a highly
scalable and predictable flywheel with compelling recurring revenue, strong retention rates, booking
trends and lifetime customer value returns with double-digit organic revenue growth.

Importantly, we have significant opportunities to accelerate Zego's growth. We intend to leverage
Global Payments' scale and digital expertise to further payments penetration into Zego's base, generate
incremental property and software partner referrals to our more than 3,500 sales and sales support
professionals, expand its footprint outside the United States and generate meaningful cross-selling
opportunities into its vertical market, including innovative products we already deliver into our merchant
business, like payroll, data and analytics and reputation management. We could not be more excited about
further capitalizing on the convergence of software and payments, and we look forward to welcoming Zego
team members to Global Payments.

Second, we are excited to have reached an agreement through our Erste joint venture to purchase
Worldline's PAYONE business in Austria, consisting of roughly 8,000 primarily SMB merchant customers in
Erste Bank's home market.

We entered Austria through organic market expansion of our Continental European joint venture roughly
18 months ago. This pending acquisition enables us to bring our distinctive distribution and market-
leading technologies at scale to yet another attractive market.

In addition to these strategic accomplishments in early 2021, we also produced a solid first quarter results
across our existing businesses.

First, in our merchant segment, we delivered significant sequential improvement fueled by our technology-
enabled focus and the conversion of last year's share and bookings gains into revenue. And we generated
these results while absorbing ongoing lockdowns in Canada and renewed restrictions in selected markets
in Europe and Asia Pacific.

Some highlights in the first quarter of 2021 include: record new sales in our Global Payments Integrated
business in March and in our U.S. relationship-led business for the quarter; record revenue growth
at GPI for the quarter well in excess of pre-pandemic levels; record bookings at Xenial for a cloud-
based restaurant POS software and solutions; and continued sequential acceleration in our omnichannel
businesses. It is worth highlighting that volumes accelerated throughout the quarter, a trend that has
continued into April. Key customer wins include Subway, CKE Restaurants, A&W Foods and Bojangles.

It's also notable that several of these businesses that were most impacted by COVID-19 saw substantial
sequential growth in revenue and bookings in the first quarter as our home market entered recovery. For
example, ACTIVE and gaming achieved significant improvement as better macro trends, strong execution
and solid bookings over the course of 2020 benefited performance in 2021. In fact, we have continued
to see positive booking trends across our software portfolio as the ability to deliver a full value stack is
increasingly becoming table stakes in the markets we serve.

We also made considerable progress on the partnership with Google that we announced in February.
We expect to board Google as a merchant customer in select Asian markets in the third quarter, with

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

North America to follow shortly thereafter. We have initiated our co-sell program and are beginning to see
referrals from Google on a number of their enterprise cloud clients. We anticipate launching our run and
grow my business product that integrates Google Solutions with our innovative capabilities in our digital
portal environment in the fourth quarter of this year. And we have launched our co-innovation efforts to
develop new commerce enablement tools for our merchant customers.

Second, our Issuer business continues to benefit from strong relationships with market leaders, and we
are excited to announce today that we have entered into a multiyear renewal with Barclays Consumer
Bank in the United States. Barclays is one of our largest customers globally, and we provide a range of
processing and support technologies for both Barclays consumer and commercial credit card portfolios.
We look forward to working with Barclays to enable a best-in-class customer experience with unparalleled
levels of security and resiliency for its newest partner, the gap in its portfolio of accounts, yet another
competitive takeaway. Partnering with issuers that are gaining share in the marketplace is a key element
of our strategy.

We were also pleased to have signed agreements with Mission Lane and UMB financial, with the latter
being a competitive takeaway in which with the prior processing relationship had spanned decades.
In collaboration with AWS, UMB will adopt our cloud-based data and analytics platform, which we also
successfully deployed during the quarter for a multi-country customer in Latin America.

We continue to capitalize on the broad and deep pipeline we have the good fortune to have in our
issuer business. Today, we have 12 letters of intent with financial institutions worldwide, 6 of which are
competitive takeaways.

Turning to AWS. We expect to go live with our first joint takeaway with a multinational financial institution
in Asia by the end of the year. Our cloud PRIME instance is now up and running currently in that market in
preparation for the launch. We have another dozen active customers in our pipeline of AWS, up from 4 at
the end of 2020.

Third, our business and consumer segment delivered record revenue growth. I am very proud that
Netspend once again facilitated the rapid distribution of stimulus funds to customers most in need. Since
late December 2020, we have processed more than 2 million deposits, accounting for over $3.5 billion in
stimulus payments disbursed by the IRS to American consumers. And this was done days in advance of
many of our traditional financial institutions and financial and technology peers. In combination with the
2020 stimulus payments, we have disbursed more than $5 billion in aid to customers through the first
quarter of 2021.

The pandemic-accelerated move to our cash flow solutions is also benefiting Netspend. For example, we
are seeing rapid adoption of our tips solution, and we reached a new agreement with Flynn Restaurant
Group for its Pizza Hut and Wendy's franchise locations which will drive additional pay card and potential
tips opportunities across a combined footprint of more than 1,000 restaurants.

We also launched our cashless stadium card linked to a digital wallet with the Phoenix Suns at the Phoenix
Suns Arena. These achievements serve as proof points of our differentiated strategy that includes product
extensions into the P2P, B2B and B2C segments.

I could not be more pleased with all that we accomplished across our businesses this quarter. In March,
we returned the year-over-year growth in each of our 3 segments, and the underlying trajectories are
tracking for our longer-term goals, just as we predicted they would, despite the impact of ongoing
restrictions and lockdowns in some of our markets outside the United States. Paul?

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Thanks, Jeff. We are pleased with our financial performance in the first quarter of 2021, which
demonstrated meaningful sequential momentum and reflected our ongoing strong execution across
the business. Specifically, we delivered adjusted net revenue of $1.81 billion, representing 5% growth
compared to the prior year and marking an 800 basis point improvement relative to the performance we
reported in the fourth quarter of 2020.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Adjusted operating margin for the first quarter was 40.6%, a 160 basis point improvement from the prior
year that was achieved despite the return of certain costs we temporarily reduced at the onset of the
pandemic. On a comparable basis, underlying margin trends would have improved approximately 300
basis points.

Adjusted earnings per share were $1.82 for the quarter, an increase of 15% compared to the prior year
period and was especially impressive in light of the difficult year-on-year comparison due to COVID-19.
The pandemic did not begin to impact our business meaningfully until the second half of March of last
year. And as a reminder, we delivered 18% adjusted earnings per share growth in the first quarter of
2020.

Taking a closer look at our performance by segment. Merchant Solutions achieved adjusted net revenue
of $1.15 billion for the first quarter, a 4.4% improvement from the prior year which marked a nearly 900
basis point improvement from the fourth quarter. We delivered an adjusted operating margin of 46.3% in
this segment, an increase of 90 basis points from the same period in 2020 as we continue to benefit from
our improving technology-enabled business mix.

Global Payments Integrated produced a stellar quarter, generating in excess of 20% adjusted net
revenue improvement, which is ahead of the levels of growth this business was delivering pre pandemic.
Additionally, our worldwide e-commerce and omnichannel businesses, excluding T&E, delivered roughly
20% growth as our value proposition that seamlessly spans both the physical and virtual worlds continues
to resonate with customers.

As for our own software portfolio, we are encouraged to see that several of our businesses most impacted
by the pandemic improved meaningfully sequentially, as Jeff mentioned. And it is worth highlighting that
our gaming business returned to growth this quarter. And across our vertical markets portfolio, bookings
continued to prove resilient in the first quarter, providing us with a positive tailwind for the balance of
2021.

We are also pleased that our U.S. relationship-led business generated high single-digit adjusted net
revenue growth for the first quarter which is consistent with our long-term targeted growth rate for this
channel despite a difficult comparison to the first quarter of 2020.

And notwithstanding a challenging environment in several of our international markets, our portfolio of
businesses across Europe and Asia improved significantly and delivered adjusted net revenue that was
essentially flat with last year for the quarter. Importantly, because our international businesses are largely
focused on domestic spending in the markets in which we operate, we are seeing improvement in these
businesses well in advance of cross-border commerce recovering.

Moving to Issuer Solutions. We delivered $439 million in adjusted net revenue for the first quarter, which
was roughly flat versus the prior year period and exceeded our expectations given traditional fourth
quarter to first quarter sequential trends. Excluding the commercial card business, our Issuer segment
grew in the low single digits for the quarter. And in the month of March, Issuer delivered growth in
aggregate despite continued commercial card headwinds as we benefited from the ongoing recovery in
transaction volumes across many of our markets. We also saw nonvolume-based revenue increased mid-
single digits in the first quarter.

Notably, our Issuer business achieved record first quarter adjusted operating income, and adjusted
segment operating margin expanded 370 basis points from the prior year, also reaching a new first
quarter record of 43.2% as we continue to benefit from our efforts to drive efficiencies in the business.
Additionally, our Issuer team signed 3 long-term contract extensions and 3 new contracts since the start
of the year, and our strong pipeline bodes well for future performance, consistent with our long-term
expectations.

Finally, our Business and Consumer Solutions segment delivered record adjusted net revenue of $244
million, representing growth of nearly 20% from the prior year. Gross dollar volume increased 26% or
$2.5 billion as we benefited from the stimulus we dispersed to our customers. Trends within our DDA
products were also very strong, helped by the stimulus, and we realized an acceleration in active account

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

growth of more than 45% compared to the prior year. Excluding the impact of stimulus payments and tax,
we believe that this business achieved underlying growth in the roughly mid single-digit range, in line with
our long-term targets.

Adjusted operating margin for this segment improved an impressive 750 basis points to a record 33.2% as
the benefits of the stimulus and long-term cost initiatives post-merger took effect.

The solid performance we delivered across our segments highlights the resiliency of our technology-
enabled portfolio, consistency of our execution and the strong tailwinds in our business coming out of the
pandemic. We are also pleased that our integration continues to progress well, and we remain on track to
achieve our increased goals from the TSYS merger of annual run rate expense synergies of at least $400
million and annual run rate revenue synergies of at least $150 million within 3 years.

From a cash flow standpoint, we generated adjusted first quarter free cash flow of roughly $583 million
after reinvesting $86 million in capital expenditures. We expect adjusted free cash flow of more than $2
billion and capital expenditures to be in the $500 million to $600 million range for the full year.

In mid-February, we successfully issued $1.1 billion in senior unsecured notes maturing in 2026 at an
attractive interest rate of 1.2%. The transaction was credit-neutral, with the proceeds used to redeem
$750 million of notes outstanding with a rate of 3.8% due in April 2021. The balance of the proceeds were
used to reduce our outstanding revolver. We have no significant maturities until 2023.

Our strong cash generation and healthy balance sheet have enabled us to create significant value through
our capital allocation strategy to the benefit of our shareholders.

We are pleased to have repurchased roughly 4 million of our shares for approximately $783 million during
the first quarter, which includes the execution of the $500 million accelerated share repurchase program
we announced last quarter.

We ended the quarter with roughly $3 billion of liquidity and a leverage position of roughly 2.6x on a net
debt basis.

And we are excited to announce that we have reached agreements to make additional investments in
our technology-enabled strategy and market expansion. As Jeff highlighted, we executed a definitive
agreement to acquire Zego and Worldline's PAYONE business in Austria for an aggregate of approximately
$1 billion. We expect to finance these transactions using cash on hand and our existing credit facility. We
are targeting closing the Zego transaction by the end of the second quarter and the Worldline acquisition
in the second half of 2021, both subject to regulatory approvals.

Upon completion of both transactions, given our current cash balance and strong cash generation, we
expect our leverage position will be relatively consistent with current levels, leaving us with ample
continuing firepower.

Based on our current expectations for continued recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic worldwide, we
have increased our guidance for adjusted net revenue to now be in a range of $7.55 billion to $7.625
billion, reflecting growth of 12% to 13% over 2020. We expect adjusted operating margin expansion of up
to 250 basis points compared to 2020 levels.

This outlook is consistent with an adjusted operating margin expansion of up to 450 basis points on a
normalized basis given the operating leverage in our business and expense synergy actions related to the
TSYS merger. However, this is being partially offset by the reinstatement of certain expenses in 2021 that
were temporarily reduced at the onset of COVID-19 for most of 2020.

At the segment level, we have increased our expectations for adjusted net revenue growth for our
Merchant Solutions segment to be in the high teens, which assumes the current pace of recovery
continues worldwide.

We expect underlying trends in our issuing business to be in the mid- to high single-digit range and above
our mid-single-digit growth target. It is worth noting that our issuer business generated high single-digit
growth on a normalized basis for the month of March as we began to lap the pandemic impact.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

As we discussed last quarter, Issuer is being impacted by 2 distinct and relatively equal sized headwinds.
First, we are not anticipating a recovery in our commercial card business as we expect corporate travel to
remain depressed throughout 2021. Second, we are absorbing a portfolio sale by one of our customers
which will impact us for the remainder of the year. Taking these 2 items into account, we forecast our
issuer business to deliver adjusted net revenue growth in the low single-digit range for the year.

Lastly, incorporating the benefits of the incremental March stimulus, we are now forecasting adjusted net
revenue growth for our Business and Consumer segment to be in the mid- to high-single digits for the
full year, consistent with our long-term expectations for this business. This guidance takes into account
lapping the benefits of the 2020 CARES Act, which will provide for a more difficult comparison in the
second quarter of 2021.

Regarding segment margins, we expect up to 250 basis points of adjusted operating margin improvement
for the total company to be driven largely by Merchant Solutions, while we expect Issuer and Business
and Consumer to deliver normalized margin expansion consistent with the underlying profiles of these
businesses. This follows the 500 and 400 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion delivered by
Issuer and Business and Consumer, respectively, in 2020.

From a quarterly phasing perspective, having now lapped muted growth characteristics in the first quarter
given the start of the pandemic in mid-March 2020, we will experience the opposite effect in the second
quarter before returning to more normalized rates of growth in the back half of the year. I highlight
that while we expect to achieve our strongest adjusted revenue growth, adjusted margin expansion
and adjusted earnings per share growth for the total company in the second quarter, our Business and
Consumer segment will be lapping the impact of the CARES Act stimulus last year. While we anticipate
Netspend to deliver modest adjusted net revenue growth for the second quarter, we expect adjusted
operating margins to decline for that segment year-on-year as a result. On an absolute basis, we would
expect Business and Consumer adjusted operating margins for the second quarter to be consistent with
the levels achieved in the fourth quarter of 2020, a period that also saw more limited benefits from
stimulus.

Moving to nonoperating items. We continue to expect net interest expense to be slightly lower in 2021
relative to 2020, but we anticipate our adjusted tax rate will be relatively consistent with last year.

Putting it all together, we now have increased our expected adjusted earnings per share for the full year
to a range of $7.87 to $8.07, reflecting growth of 23% to 26% over 2020. Our raised outlook presumes
we remain on a path toward recovery worldwide over the balance of the year, and it does not include any
impact from the Zego and Worldline Austrian business acquisitions we announced today. We will further
update our guidance when these transactions close, but it is worth noting now that we do not expect these
transactions to have a discernible impact on adjusted earnings per share for 2021.

And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Jeff.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Thanks, Paul. Our business is run rating at accelerated levels. The trends of digitization, commerce
enablement, software differentiation and omnichannel prevalence driving our performance will serve to
catalyze future growth.

We said over the course of the last year that we would not stand still or wait for a better day to continue
to deepen our competitive moat despite one of the most challenging periods any of us had seen.
As a result of our team members' terrific efforts, 2020 bookings have begun to translate into 2021
outsized revenue gains. The announcement today of our return to strategic investments will provide
further avenues for future growth. And all that is playing out against the backdrop of recovery further
differentiation from technology enablement, deeper penetration into attractive markets, sustained share
gains and substantial and efficient returns of capital. We now look forward to continuing progress for the
remainder of 2021, 2022 and beyond.

Winnie?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Winnie Smith
Vice President of Investor Relations
[Operator Instructions] Operator, we will now go to questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Andrew Jeffrey of Truist Securities.

Andrew William Jeffrey
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

I appreciate all the detail, especially regarding the outlook. I wonder, Jeff, if you could talk a little bit about
where you're seeing particular strength in integrated and omni, both geo and vertical markets. Because it
seems like that's really more than offsetting some of the challenges you're seeing in Europe and APAC.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Andrew. It's Jeff, and I'll start and maybe Cameron and Paul will join me thereafter. It's hard
to say with any certainty because we've had the integrated business now at legacy Global Payments for
probably 8.5 years. But I would say that our Global Payments Integrated business just delivered its best
quarter ever from a revenue point of view, and that's especially noteworthy when we haven't lapped the
majority in the first quarter of '21, the majority of the rollover from the first quarter of '20. So I think what
you're really seeing in the Integrated business is the solid bookings growth, the new partner additions that
we saw last year really flowing into revenue, and I think we have the flywheel on that business really just
right. So we can't be more pleased with our team on Integrated.

I'd say on the omnichannel business, really pretty much the same thing. Our business accelerated
sequentially in the first quarter of '21 relative to the fourth quarter of '20 and grew absolutely at the rate
-- the pulls were up 20% year-over-year, again without lapping the pandemic pretty much from the first
quarter of '20. So we feel really good about that performance as well. So we couldn't be more pleased.

Listen, our home market is United States, it's 70% to 75% of the company. You really have to go, and
you're pointing about the rest of geographies and the rest of the market, you really have to go kind of
country-by-country to see what's happening. I would say we do see areas of growth in Asia Pacific. But, of
course, India and Philippines are more difficult, as I'm sure everyone has been reading about the difficult
-- the terrible situation in India.

Canada, really, at the end of the quarter and really post the quarter, has enacted pretty strict lockdowns.
But that's probably about 3% or 4% of the company, Andrew, just to kind of quantify what the size of
that market is. And in Europe, it's really a mixed bag. I would say our business in Spain domestically
is growing at very high rates. Notwithstanding broader macro issues across the European Union, the
U.K. has really started to recover. But there are other markets, like in Continental Europe and our Czech
Republic business, of course, we announced the deal today with Erste Bank, but that market also remains
under substantial lockdown.

So listen, I think the good news for us is we're growing right through it. We did mention today
that ACTIVE and gaming, in some of our markets here in the United States, have recovered pretty
substantially. They still present some headwinds relative to the rate of growth that we just announced
today, but to be able to show 900 basis points of sequential expansion from the fourth to the first quarter
of '21 in our Merchant business, I think is one of the most noteworthy things of today. Cameron and Paul,
you guys want to add to that?

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

I think that actually covers it pretty well. The only other point I would make, just to top that off, Andrew,
is just as it relates to new sales. In both of those businesses that you highlighted, in particular, Integrated
and omni, continue to be very, very strong.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

In our e-com business here in the U.S. market, our e-com sales were up something like 330% year-over-
year, so clearly demonstrating that the trends we've seen around consumer buying patterns as well as
merchant adoption of omnichannel and e-commerce capabilities continues to be quite strong, even a year
after, obviously, the onset of the pandemic. So we think that's a very positive sign as it relates to the
future growth of the e-com and omni business.

And then on the integrated front, again, our new sales in the quarter were 120% of our target, up
something like 120% kind of year-over-year. So again, we're seeing great momentum in the business
continuing as we enter the second quarter as well.

So as Jeff highlighted, I think the strong new bookings and new sales performance we saw last year
clearly contributed to the performance in Q1, and we -- it's nice to see that, that same execution has
continued into 2021 as well.

Andrew William Jeffrey
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

I appreciate that. Just as a follow-up on Zego, can you offer a little insight as to revenue mix there? How
much of that is payments or merchant discount versus software and subscriptions?

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Yes, Bryan -- It's Cameron. Sorry, Andrew, it's Cameron again. So the business is a mix of software and
payments today. It really started as a payments business but has moved more into software over the
course of time, in particular, driving more [ resonating ] experience solutions through a software platform.
So it's still a majority payments today, but the software elements of the business are growing more
rapidly, and I would expect over time that they will flip and become the majority of the business long
term.

So it's about $30 billion of payment volume today. So it's a very healthy portfolio from a payment
standpoint. The nice thing about the business is it's not that penetrated within its existing customer base
from a payments perspective. And obviously, the ability to cross-sell software into that base of existing
partners today as well as to take Global Payments software and sell into that environment with our own
value-added services drive some meaningful revenue tailwinds, we think, for the business in the future.

Operator

Your next question comes from David Togut with Evercore ISI.

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

You've underscored very strong trends at e-com, omni and integrated. And I'm curious, as the year
evolves, how would you expect consumer behavior to change? Do you think we'll see continued strong e-
com trends and debit funding? Or do you think the consumer will return more to the physical point-of-sale
and start to use credit cards more?

And related to that, how would you see that flowing through your tech-enabled solutions businesses and
some of the key verticals that make those up?

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Dave, it's Jeff. I'll start and ask Cameron to join in. So let me just start by saying by kind of not answering
the question, but I do want to call out our relationship-led businesses. So they also had a very good
quarter. So we produced high single-digit growth in our relationship-led businesses compared to the first
quarter of '20, for which 85% in the first quarter of '20 had no pandemic. So I want to call that out.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

As we also said in our prepared remarks, we had record new sales in our relationship-led businesses in the
first quarter of '21, again, coming out of pandemic. So I don't want to lose sight of that before we address
your question more directly.

Second, as it relates to your question, look, I don't think consumers are going to go backward. I don't
think people are going to say, I want to spend more time in line. Where can we find the ATM to get more
cash? There is no bull market for cash. I think what we've seen that pandemic do is accelerate 3 to 5
years behavioral change on the consumer side.

Cameron just went a minute ago, in response to Andrew's question, the bookings growth in our e-com,
omni businesses, which is extraordinary, again, not lapping the pandemic for the first quarter of 2020.

So listen, I think at the end of the day, in my opinion, the answer to your question is, I just don't see
the trends of safer commerce, contactless commerce, omnichannel acceptance, I don't see folks moving
backwards. I think it's going to accelerate the underlying trends that we've seen over time.

I'd also say relative to kind of credit-debit mix, I don't see that changing either. The only time that we've
really seen debit cannibalized credit was back in the early '09 recession when credit was really tapped.
So all that was left is debit. We really haven't seen that here. I do think you'll see alternative means of
payment, of course, in Europe, where I know you're focused in particularly. We've got assets, account-
to-account transactions. We've got real-time payments, that kind of thing. Of course, we've got afterpay
and those types of installment payment plans, which I think we're a market leader in, both in our issuing
business and our acquiring business.

So I think there may be mix changes in terms of how people actually pay for things, but I don't think
we're going to see debit cannibalized credit like we saw in '08, we have not seen that really throughout the
pandemic, and I don't see people kind of going backwards on convenience of use.

David Mark Togut
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Just as a quick follow-up. You've had a lot of success in Europe with bank JVs like HSBC, la Caixa, Erste,
how does the acquisition of Worldline PAYONE in Austria sync up with your Erste JV? Is that -- are those 2
operating independently entirely? Or do you see some synergies potentially between the both?

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

No. David, it's Cameron. I'll jump in on that. So this is actually a great opportunity to extend our joint
venture with Erste. We're actually purchasing that business through the joint venture with our partners at
Erste and -- excuse me, Caixa as well. So this is an extension of our existing partnership with Erste. They
were very excited about the opportunity to grow and expand our business in their home market of Austria.

As you'll recall, and I think we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we initiated a business in that market
about 18 months ago. We've had very good success building essentially a greenfield acquiring business
with our partners. And this adds significant scale and, obviously, an opportunity to grow and expand that
business more rapidly going forward. So this is very much a part of the joint venture that we have with
Erste in Central Europe today.

Operator

Our next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang of JPMorgan.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I really like the property management acquisition. I'm curious if it's -- if we were to compare it to the EHR
space, easier, harder to monetize than that? Just trying to get a sense of how the time line of potential
payment penetration? And did you give the revenue run rate and growth before synergies?

Cameron M. Bready
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

President & COO

So Tien-Tsin, it's Cameron. So I would say, on balance, I would think it's probably easier to monetize
the payment opportunity in the real estate space. There's obviously secular trends there that we
think are very powerful around the digitization of the payment stream within real estate, whether it's
recurring monthly rental payments, HOA fees or other one-off fees that lessees need to pay. So we think
the opportunity to drive better penetration from a payment standpoint in that market is going to be
easier than some of the other vertical markets we've been in. I think we view real estate really as the
quintessential vertical market, where you have the intersection of software and drain payments where that
nexus is very strong and obviously creates a significant opportunity for us to drive meaningful growth and
share gains and, obviously, margin expansion over a period of time.

We expect the business, to your second question, to generate roughly $100 million of revenue in 2021.
It's growing double digits nicely. It sort of fits the rule of 40 for a software business very nicely today. And
obviously, we think we can do a variety of things to accelerate that rate of revenue growth over time and
scale the business more effectively by leveraging the broader Global Payments ecosystem.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Wonderful. No, I like it. I think that's great. If you don't mind, maybe a quick one, just on the Merchant
revenue growth, building on Dave's question, it did positively decouple from Visa Mastercard credit
volume. So just from a benchmarking standpoint, what do you expect going forward here? It sounds like
SMB spend is coming back, relationship is doing great. Anything to add?

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. So Tien-Tsin, this is Paul, and Cameron may want to add. We've been talking for several quarters now
about this positive decoupling. And obviously, we saw in a more dramatic way, certainly on the positive
side, this last quarter. And so yes, we continue to kind of see that positive decoupling continue, and we
would expect that continue.

The second reason, as we had outlined before when we said that we expected that positive decoupling
to occur once things got to a much more kind of normalized basis, the only other thing I would highlight
is, as you look at that overall revenue growth number, do recall that we have probably 300 basis points
of headwind related to those 3 vertical market businesses that are still, while they've improved from the
depths of the pandemic and we highlighted gaming as being now an absolute grower, we're still seeing
some meaningful headwind related to the ACTIVE school business and the gaming business, that if you
kind of looked at it [ ex ] those, you kind of add 300 basis points to the overall growth rate. And then
if you do that, you can see really some, on a volume to volume basis, some very positive decoupling.
Cameron, I don't know if you have anything to add to that?

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Yes. The only other thing I would say just on top of that is the international markets continue to be a bit
of a drag as well. So if you really look at U.S. payments and our growth in U.S. payments, it was probably
high single digits, maybe almost 10%, pure payments in the U.S. market in the first quarter. So even
more decoupling than I think the sort of highlights represent.

And the other thing I would say is, over time, I expect that decoupling continue partially because our
international businesses are more exposed to domestic trends in those markets. So as those markets
reopen, we're not as reliant upon the cross-border volume to drive revenue growth in those businesses. As
domestic markets reopen internationally, we'll obviously see a nice tailwind as a result of that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ramsey El-Assal of Barclays.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Ramsey Clark El-Assal
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I wanted to ask about, kind of a higher-level question about whether the pandemic will have any lasting
effect on your sales process, particularly in Merchant, given the increasing importance of e-commerce
and omni and digital. Have you had to change your kind of go-to-market or sales approach? Or do you
contemplate having to do so? And then if you could also just comment on bookings trends more generally
as we head into Q2. That would be great.

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Yes, sure. I'll start. It's Cameron, and then I'll ask Paul maybe to jump in with a little bit more color as
well.

So I would say, maybe to start, even well before the pandemic, we've been equipping our sales
professionals around the globe with the best technology, the best capabilities to be able to sell. And
obviously, we think that paid meaningful dividends through the course of the pandemic in our ability to
continue to sell at very strong levels, notwithstanding, obviously, the impact of the pandemic. And I think
partly a credit to our sales teams in particular, they found new and innovative ways to continue to sell in a
difficult environment.

In particular our relationship-led sales professionals here in the U.S. market that really operate under a
commission only model, they were very motivated and incentivized to go out and find creative ways to be
able to sell into the marketplace.

So the use of technology and deploying more technology towards the sales process itself as well as the
ingenuity, I would say, of our sales professionals, I don't expect that to change post-pandemic. And I think
a lot of the lessons we've learned through this process will allow us to continue to be very effective and
very productive from a new sales point of view as a go-forward matter.

I'll call out a few particular highlights on the first quarter bookings performance, and I'll ask Paul maybe to
jump in.

If I start with our U.S. relationship-led business, we had a record sales quarter, as Jeff and Paul
highlighted in the prepared remarks. It was about 5% higher than our old record and up about 27% year-
over-year, which I think is a really important metric as well, given that, again, kind of the 12 weeks of the
first quarter of 2020 were really not impacted by the pandemic. So very strong performance from a new
sales point. Again, with particular strength in our e-commerce, bill pay, text by pay solutions within our
relationship-led channel.

We also had great new booking performance in our payroll business as well. We had record sales in that
business, up again 42% year-over-year. So very strong performance in our U.S. relationship-led payments
and payroll business in the first quarter.

Integrated, as I mentioned previously, they were above plan and well above last year's new sales
performance and bookings performance in the first quarter as well.

Within our vertical market business, we saw very strong, I'd say, booking trends across the business.
TouchNet had record first quarter bookings performance, which I think is a very good sign as it relates to
the university environment heading into the fall.

We actually started to see some falling of new sales in our schools business, our lower school K-12. We
had 3 significant new wins in the quarter from a new sales point of view. Obviously, we're still waiting
and relying upon kids getting back in through K-12 environment for that business to recover fully. But
obviously, it was encouraging to see new sales begin to fall in that business in the first quarter as well.

And we also had record bookings in our enterprise SaaS QSR business in the first quarter as well. So
again, good trends across the board, I would say, in our vertical market business.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

If we look internationally, again, despite the macro environment being challenging in some of the markets
that we operate in, I would characterize new sales performance across the board internationally and sort
of aggregating a bunch of different markets there. It was above plan for the first quarter above last year.
Canada, for example, was up 40% year-over-year.

So again, the trend of new booking performance being very strong, continued well into the first quarter
and thus far in the second quarter as well. Paul, I don't know if you'd add any detail.

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. The only thing I would add, Ramsey, is that we've been talking about the sales figures for the last 2
quarters. And I think you're seeing it in the performance today that, that sales production is producing
kind of outsized results for us to be able to grow our integrated business at better than kind of the long-
term target rate in an environment that's still not normalized. And the same thing, as Jeff just mentioned
about our relationship-led business, to be growing in the high single digits, I think kind of speaks to the
fact that the sales success we're having is leading to kind of additive performance in the environment that
we're operating in.

Operator

Your next question comes from George Mihalos of Cowen.

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I wanted to start off on the Issuer side of the business. Again, it sounds like you're seeing some real
momentum if we look at it on sort of a normalized basis, up high single digit. But Paul, just wanted to ask,
the 20% that is commercial, was that down again sort of another 30% in the first quarter? And now how
are you thinking about that? As -- I understand it's -- it's not going to recover, but the comparison should
start to ease sort of going forward.

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes, that's right. So yes, we were down north of 30% in the quarter as it relates to the overall
environment there. And yes, you are right in the sense that the comparisons do ease as we move out now
into the remaining 3 quarters. But just as a kind of an overall kind of headwind relative to our -- back to
our kind of more normalized growth rate, that's still providing roughly about half of that headwind that we
called out in the prepared remarks.

Georgios Mihalos
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then specifically looking at the acceleration in merchant, which again seems to
be really sort of taking hold across the board and the outlook for sort of the high teens rate of growth,
again, should we be sort of thinking, for modeling purposes, that we're talking about a growth rate in the
second quarter that's sort of in that 30% plus range for the merchant business?

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes, George. I mean, yes, you're thinking about that right. That's exactly kind of the right range to be
thinking about.

Operator

Your next question comes from Darrin Peller of Wolfe Research.

Darrin David Peller
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

All right. Guys, when we look at the guidance and the increase, it's obviously nice to see beat the first
quarter and then buybacks are also helping. Can you just touch on what's implied or what's embedded
in the guide outlook in terms of macro assumptions from here on out? Just looks like the trends and the
current trajectory should allow for potentially more upside than you even raised so far. So just really
where are you keeping some elements of conservatism in the outlook versus including some mix?

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes, Darrin. So this is Paul, and I'll ask Cameron may want to add as well, particularly as it relates to
Merchant. But I think our outlook is consistent with, to some degree, what we outlined the last time, which
is that the trajectory that we were on going into the year and the trajectory that we kind of continue on is,
as we've kind of said before, kind of a slow grind higher. And we continue to -- while we're very optimistic
about the future and very pleased with the results, we also want to kind of see how things play out as
it relates to particularly around the world where we have different kind of dynamics playing around the
different geographies.

But we've said before and it's still true, the top end of the range is not perfection. It does not assume any
type of -- just kind of some massive kind of kick back to normal. But instead, a grind back to normal, with
the third and fourth quarter kind of being a much more normal kind of -- or more normal environment.

I would say as it relates to just March, we were very pleased with the kind of overall growth rates that
we saw in March, and those were sequentially better on a monthly basis than, obviously, what we saw in
February and January and particularly, some kind of more normalized kind of growth rate there. But that's
the way I always frame it from an overall standpoint. Cameron, do you have anything to add on that?

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

I mean, I think that covers it well. I would just highlight, to Paul's point earlier, I don't think we have to
see perfection to get to the high end of that range. Again, the guidance doesn't assume that. We assume
that the trends that we're seeing in the business continue to flow through, through the balance of the
year. We're encouraged by the performance in the first quarter and the underlying trends. Obviously, we
remain very mindful of the fact that some markets around the globe are slower to recover or appear to be
slower to recover from the pandemic than others, and those are markets that we have reasonably sizable
businesses in.

But I think as we sit here today, the trends in the business are quite favorable, and we're very optimistic
about how we're positioned to perform through the balance of the year.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Darrin, it's Jeff. I would just say to follow-up on Paul and Cameron, to relate Paul's commentary. So
in March, revenue for the business, which did not really lap at least for half the month of pandemic,
aggregate revenue was up in the 20%-plus range and earnings were up near 30% per share. So just to
give you a sense as to kind of what we saw in March. Obviously, time will tell, but that's kind of the run
rate.

Darrin David Peller
Wolfe Research, LLC

All right. That's really helpful. Guys, a follow-up is on the tech-enabled businesses. When you think
about the mix now with Zego, and again great to see more software acquisitions, you combine that with
what you have, first of all, Jeff, I mean, where do you feel the company's positioned now in terms of its
software presence versus your long-term strategy? Do you need to do more? Do you want to do more
near term or long term?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

And then Cameron as well on the AWS or the Google relationships on the cloud, I mean, it's something we
focused on. It sounds like you're winning good business there. If you could just give us a little more color
on how that's been trending just in the context of all the tech-enabled opportunities.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

Darrin, it's Jeff. I'll start. So you're stealing our thunder from the Investor Day that we're doing in
September. But I would say that, and we'll set out a new target for what percentage of the business is
coming from tech-enabled the next few years then. But I would say, generally, we crossed that 60%
threshold last summer, 6 months earlier than we thought. These deals lay out a point or 2 to that number.
But obviously, we're targeting well north of 70%, 75% of the company. Think about just directionally up
from 60% last summer where we'd like to be longer term. And that's percentage of revenue, which means
the vast majority of the growth, by definition, is coming from those areas. So we're really pleased.

Our pipeline is full, and that includes a whole array of things, post-Zego, post-PAYONE, our pipeline
remains full. It includes more software assets in it. So time will tell if we get those over the finish line. But
I think you're directionally right in where we're going.

I'll start with AWS and Cameron can comment on Google. Look, we couldn't have been more pleased
with our relationship with AWS. We're absolutely on track for all the things that we outlined last August.
We announced the relationship in the first place that stuff sells, we talked today about UMB, competitive
takeaway, client somebody else for 3 decades. They're going to be our first instance in data and analytics
in the cloud jointly with AWS. The Asian Bank we've referred to now, that testing environment is live, we'll
go live in a year, another competitive takeaway.

And I think what we said in our prepared remarks is we tripled the number of LOIs jointly with Amazon
there in [indiscernible] stages today versus where we were at year-end of '20. So I think you're right
to say that we're firing on all cylinders there, and we really couldn't be more pleased with the transition
we've made there to cloud environment. Cameron, do you want to comment on Google there?

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Well, I think the comment for Google is very much the same as Jeff highlighted for AWS. Yes, we couldn't
be more pleased and delighted with the partnership we have with Google and how they have performed
heretofore, recognizing we are obviously early in that relationship and really building momentum as we
sit here today. So everything that we outlined on our year-end call back in February as it relates to the
partnership is very much on track.

As it relates to the go-to-market strategies, we're obviously in market with them already. We're already
in the midst of having conversations with a variety of medium- to enterprise-sized customers who are
leveraging Google Cloud services today. And very optimistic about the future of that technology-enabled
distribution strategy and how it will augment, obviously, our existing go-to-market strategies in the
merchant space.

Operator

Your next question comes from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America.

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Securities, Research Division

So appreciate that disclosure on the month of March there, Jeff, with regard to revenue and EPS growth.
Could we get those numbers for the month of April as well and had any breakdown by segment that you
would give us on revenue growth by segment? Again, for the month of April.

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Yes, Jason, we wouldn't have that to give on a call like this right now. So I think generically speaking, as
a volume matter, we are seeing sequential improvement on the volume side in the month of April. And so
obviously, and that's kind of what we expected in the trends we saw in March. So we're very pleased from
an overall volume perspective. But as it relates to the financial results for April, we wouldn't have that.

Jason Alan Kupferberg
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. Okay. Just as a follow-up, kind of a bigger picture question. Wondering what you're seeing in
terms of Merchant demand around the world to accept crypto and just general thoughts on longer-term
implications of the growth in the crypto ecosystem for Global Payments and the Merchant acquiring
industry more generally.

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

Yes. It's Cameron. I'll jump in on that. So I would say, certainly, it may be a commentary on the
merchants that make up our business and the merchants we're targeting, there's really 0 demand
amongst our merchant base to accept crypto.

Obviously, over time, things can evolve, if you have more central banks developing their own crypto
currencies have really just become a digital form of their domestic currencies, then obviously that
environment can change today. But I think as it relates to utilizing cryptocurrency for the sake of
effectuating commerce amongst merchants in our businesses around the globe, there's really no demand
for that today.

Crypto is really not a currency for commerce. It's a security. And as a result of that, we're really not
seeing a significant demand or uptake of that in our business at all.

Operator

Our final question comes from Dan Perlin of RBC.

Daniel Rock Perlin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

And I appreciate you squeezing me in at the end here. The question I have is really around in the --
embedded in your guidance, can you just kind of help us parse out really what stimulus is actually driving
in terms of the increase that you've seen? I mean I think I recall that you guys said you had contemplated
the first round embedded in the first quarter, but maybe hadn't been thinking about the second and most
recent rounds. And so now that those are contemplated, I'm trying to understand how much you think
that actually is influencing the increase in guidance? And how many quarters do you think it takes to kind
of play out? Visa seems to imply a couple of quarters of benefit. So I would just love to get your thoughts
there.

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. So maybe we'll kind of answer that kind of 2 respects. One, what stimulus have as it relates to our
Business and Consumer business. And then the second, as it relates to stimulus across really all 3 of our
segments.

As it relates to stimulus in our Business and Consumer, it is a piece and the driving piece around us
as it relates to our overall revenue outlook for that segment of moving to that kind of from mid-single
digits kind of mid to high. So that's kind of -- you want to try to kind of quantify the impact of additional
stimulus net of the effect that stimulus has on other products, on yield, the overall tax season picture, so
that gives you kind of a quantification of kind of that difference between kind of mid single-digit growth for
that business in that kind of more mid- to high kind of single-digit growth as it relates to just a revenue
matter. And we've obviously kind of talked about the margin impact. You saw what we had for marginal
impact in the first quarter. And then obviously that will play through in the second quarter the other

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

direction as we grow over the stimulus in 2Q of last year of roughly kind of from a margin standpoint of
kind of a similar size.

I would say as it relates to stimulus across our overall business, I think time will tell. Clearly, you're
getting some impact in volumes related to stimulus. We're just seeing it kind of across the board. I think it
gets a little bit harder to kind of [ pick ] part that into the overall volume picture and say, well, how much
is stimulus, how much is unemployment benefits, what all that kind of looks like.

And so when we're looking at the overall volume landscape, obviously, we're taking some of that versus
what we saw last year and the impact of stimulus and kind of embedding that into our overall picture. But
outside of our business in consumer segment, it's very hard to kind of get discrete around what kind of
revenue impact that's discretely having. Cameron, I don't know if you have anything to add to that.

Cameron M. Bready
President & COO

No, I think if you look at the Merchant business more broadly, it's not driven that much by stimulus. If you
think about it and we've talked about this before, we're more exposed to credit than we are debit in our
merchant business, and stimulus isn't really driving incremental credit spend. What we're really seeing
in the Merchant business, I think, obviously, is the impact of the recovery as well as the fact that savings
rates are at generational highs and there's a lot of pent-up demand. And obviously, we expect that trend
to continue obviously as we progress through the end of 2021 and probably well into 2022, sitting here
today.

So certainly, on the margin, putting more dollars in consumers' pockets, it's going to be helpful to
the Merchant business. But I don't view sort of the expansion we saw in Q4 to Q1 to really be driven
predominantly by stimulus. I think it's more just a macro recovery in general and the fact that, obviously,
consumers are very well positioned to be able to spend in the current environment as the recovery
progresses.

Daniel Rock Perlin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

That's great to hear. Just a quick follow-up on margins. I know you called out 250 basis points for the full
year. I think you said normalized underlying basis is like a 450 basis point improvement. When we think
about the cadence of that throughout the year, I think we originally thought maybe $50 million per quarter
of kind of reinstated cost is done. Is there any reason to believe that, that shouldn't be pretty ratable? Or
is there going to be some higher costs as these rebounds really start to kick in into the second half?

Paul Michael Todd
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. No, I wouldn't call out anything unique from a timing standpoint. I think the thing that we have
highlighted is this dynamic that we're having obviously in 2Q as it relates to the margin. So we're going
to have outsized margin expansion in 2Q particularly as it relates to not only just the incremental kind
of cost add-backs, but also just the comparison to 2Q of last year and then more normalized kind of
margin expansion in that third and fourth quarter. So yes, nothing I would call out unique from a timing
standpoint other than that 2Q comp.

Jeffrey S. Sloan
CEO & Director

On behalf of Global Payments, thank you for your interest in us and joining us this morning
.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

