Halliburton Company NYSE:HAL
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, April 21, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.17

0.19

Revenue  (mm)

3355.70

3451.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-21-2021 1:01 PM GMT

11.76

2.84

0.22

0.77

1.34

3549.37

13771.00

16144.49

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

(0.11)

0.09

0.14

0.17

0.05

0.11

0.18

0.19

NM

22.22 %

28.57 %

11.76 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Abu Zeya
Senior Director of Investor
Relations

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Lance Loeffler
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Chase Mulvehill
BofA Securities, Research Division

Christopher F. Voie
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Connor Joseph Lynagh
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Ian MacPherson
Simmons & Company
International, Research Division

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

John David Anderson
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Marc Gregory Bianchi
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Sean Christopher Meakim
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Halliburton's First Quarter 2021
Earnings Call. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.

I would now like to hand the conference over to Abu Zeya, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead,
sir.

Abu Zeya
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Good morning, and welcome to the Halliburton First Quarter 2021 Conference Call. As a reminder, today's
call is being webcast, and a replay will be available on Halliburton's website for 7 days. Joining me today
are Jeff Miller, Chairman, President and CEO; and Lance Loeffler, CFO.

Some of our comments today may include forward-looking statements reflecting Halliburton's views
about future events. These matters involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to
materially differ from our forward-looking statements. These risks are discussed in Halliburton's Form 10-
K for the year ended December 31, 2020, recent current reports on Form 8-K and other Securities and
Exchange Commission filings. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking
statements for any reason.

Our comments today also include non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of impairments,
asset dispositions and other charges. Beginning this quarter, we have modified our free cash flow metric,
a non-GAAP financial measure, to include the impact of proceeds from sales of property, plant and
equipment. We believe this item is recurring in nature, and including it improves comparability of this
metric relative to our large-cap peers. Additional details, including recalculation of this measure for prior
periods and reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, are included in our
first quarter earnings release and can also be found in the Quarterly Results and Presentation section of
our website. [Operator Instructions]

Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Thank you, Abu, and good morning, everyone. We are off to a good start this year. The world is reopening.
And even though some regions still experience lockdowns, overall economic and demand recovery
continues to build. Oil demand is increasing globally. Oil inventories are down near their 5-year averages,
and OPEC Plus actions continue to support commodity prices. The first quarter strengthened our
confidence about how this transition year will play out. Our first quarter performance demonstrates the
strength of our strategy and operating leverage in this global market recovery.

Here are some highlights. International revenue grew 2% compared to the fourth quarter of 2020,
marking an activity inflection in the international markets. Strong recovery in Latin America more than
offset declines in other regions, while margins remained resilient. North America revenue grew 13%
as both drilling and completions activity ramped up throughout the quarter. Higher utilization and our
significant operating leverage supported sequential margin expansion despite weather disruptions.

Our Completion and Production division revenue grew 3%, with increased North America and Latin
America activity offsetting seasonal declines in other regions. Our Drilling and Evaluation division delivered
solid revenue and margin performance. Revenue grew 11%, while margins increased 2.6 percentage
points driven by stronger drilling activity in North America and software sales across multiple regions.

Finally, we delivered approximately $160 million of free cash flow in the first quarter, which is a great first
step to delivering strong free cash flow for the full year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

This was another quarter of solid execution on our 5 strategic priorities that define Halliburton's path and
will drive our success. We're committed to drive profitable growth internationally, maximize value in North
America, accelerate and integrate digital technologies, improve capital efficiency and actively participate in
advancing cleaner, affordable energy.

Our first quarter performance demonstrated that aligning our actions with these strategic priorities boosts
our returns and free cash flow generation. We expect to continue delivering strong free cash flow and
industry-leading returns as we move through the year.

We are encouraged by the inflection in international activity we saw during the first quarter and anticipate
that recovery will gain momentum across all regions in the second quarter and beyond. Today, we see
early indicators of future activity growth internationally. Our completion tool orders, a leading indicator
of upcoming work, grew throughout the first quarter. The volume of tendered work has significantly
increased. We're on pace to nearly double the value of submitted bids compared to last year, with the
most work coming from the NOCs in the Middle East, followed by Latin America. These signs give us
greater conviction that the second half of this year will see a low double-digit increase in international
activity year-on-year.

We believe the international markets will experience multiple years of growth. However, this up cycle is
expected to be structurally different from prior cycles, and Halliburton's international business is better
prepared to benefit from it. Here's why.

We expect the NOCs and other short-cycle barrel producers will increase investments and gain share to
meet future oil demand growth. Halliburton has the established footprint and the customer relationships to
capitalize on this growth. As deals become smaller and more complex, operators work harder to produce
more barrels. Their pursuit of incremental production to meet future oil demand growth should require
higher service intensity.

In certain markets, maturing assets are changing hands. New owners require proven technology and
experience to revitalize their assets and unlock remaining reserves. Halliburton's broad technology
portfolio, local expertise and commercial flexibility are helping these customers achieve their efficiencies
and production objectives. Multiple years of service company CapEx reductions limit equipment availability
in the international markets. In early 2020, pre-COVID, international pricing was beginning to increase
on the back of equipment tightness but paused with the oil demand collapse. As the world reopens and
activity rebounds, we expect large tenders to remain competitive but leading-edge pricing should increase.

Our strategic priority is clear: deliver profitable growth as the expected international recovery unfolds.
We believe the following factors will help us accomplish this. First, we expect our ongoing investment
in technology innovations to benefit us as the market recovers. For example, as the global leader in
completions technology, we introduced the Ovidius Expanding Isolation packer. Ovidius uses material
science innovation to transform a metal alloy into a rock-like material when it reacts with downhole fluids.
It creates a long-lasting seal for improved well integrity and is especially suited for high-pressure and
high-temperature environments as well as permanent plug-and-abandonment operations.

Our completion tools R&D pipeline incorporates the latest advancements in material science, sensors,
telemetry and digitalization. Ovidius is one good example of this pipeline.

The successful rollout of our iCruise intelligent drilling system continues to deliver excellent results. In the
first quarter, iCruise improved drilling speeds 55% for a customer in the Middle East, saved an operator
3 days of rig time in the North Sea and increased drilling rates 25% compared to offset wells in offshore
China.

Second, our production business continues to expand internationally with unique growth opportunities. We
plan to start executing on our first multiyear electric submersible pump contract in the Middle East in the
second half of this year. We see significant volume and future growth potential for artificial lift solutions in
the Middle East as many mature fields across the region come off natural flow and require ESPs to sustain
production. With proven Summit ESP technology, a strong local presence and a focus on profitable growth,
we expect to thrive in this market.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

As we progress towards completing our specialty chemicals plant in Saudi Arabia, we're actively
participating in regional tendering activity. In addition to providing new business opportunities, this plant
will also manufacture chemicals for our internal consumption. We expect the new plant to deliver cost
savings and profitable growth for Halliburton in 2022 and beyond.

Finally, we are accelerating the deployment and integration of digital technologies with our customers. We
believe digital creates technological differentiation, contributes to higher international margins and drives
internal efficiencies. In the first quarter, we introduced a new real-time data transmission system for a
major customer in the North Sea. This high-fidelity, low-latency data highway is an essential building block
for virtual remote operations that are performed without human intervention and use real-time data and
tailored algorithms.

We also launched a new digital workflow on a private cloud for an integrated services contract in the
Middle East. This workflow helps our employees make better decisions. It uses a proprietary natural
language processing service to extract specific information from a variety of documents and locate
associated data in our data lake. This is digital technology in action, facilitating collaboration and
knowledge management while improving operational efficiencies. These digital technologies are important
milestones in our journey from digital planning to virtual execution. We're using our open architecture
platform to integrate real-time information from the customer, Halliburton's many digitally-enabled
technologies and third-party providers across the entire asset. I believe that Halliburton's current
strengths and new capabilities will deliver profitable growth in a multiyear international recovery.

Today, North America is staging a healthy recovery. In the current oil price environment, shale operators
have a larger portfolio of economically viable projects. As a result, the average U.S. land rig count grew
27% sequentially in the first quarter, outpacing the growth in completed stages. We still expect the
majority of our customers to remain committed to a disciplined capital program this year. But what we
are seeing today solidifies our confidence in a steady activity cadence for the rest of the year as operators
work to maintain their productive capacity.

The market dynamics continue to improve. Supportive commodity prices should allow our customers to
spend their announced budgets and meet their cash flow objectives. Customer mix should transition as the
year unfolds. Privates led the recovery in the first half, and we expect some public companies to increase
activity in the second half of the year. Halliburton serves both of these customer groups, aligning with
operators that have longer-term and more efficient programs. As a result, demand for our equipment is
increasing, and our calendar is filling up for the rest of the year.

Last year, we used digital technology to redesign our service delivery approach and create significant
differentiation in our cost structure. Adding to our cost reset in 2020, we continue to drive cost out of our
North America operations. As an example, we've engaged with Vorto, a software company that designed
an artificial intelligence supply chain platform to transform how we buy, move and sell sand and trucking
within our U.S. land operations. Without human intervention, Vorto's platform optimizes thousands of
logistics flows per day while also identifying and addressing issues before they occur. This fits with our
strategic priorities to use digital technology to drive down costs in our business and to maximize value in
North America.

Together with our size and scale, our sustainable operating leverage should widen our margin differential
relative to our competitors in North America. We are steadily improving margins, and our first quarter
performance was another step in the right direction.

As we look ahead, we see upside to our margin performance based on utilization, technology, innovation
and pricing. Utilization is the first step to better margins. With a smaller equipment base and the right
customer alignment, we intend to continue optimizing utilization as market demand grows. Given our
scale, the operating leverage impact from utilization increases alone should improve our cash flow
generation in North America.

Technological differentiation and digital innovation is the next step. Halliburton has the leading low-
emission solutions in the market today, both electric and dual fuel, and we expect they will command
a premium as market demand expands. As the leader in hydraulic fracturing, Halliburton has the scale

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

and R&D depth to deliver a proven power-agnostic, capital-efficient solution for e-frac. Deployed in the
Permian Basin, our fully integrated all-electric frac site includes our 5,000-horsepower Zeus electric
pumping unit, our new Express Blend blending system, Ewen's electric wireline unit and the Electric Tech
Command Center. Built using our flagship Q10 pumps, Zeus delivers performance levels up to 40% higher
than conventional pumps and substantially reduces emissions limited only by the grid power source.

As certain components of our input costs rise, we are working with our suppliers and our customers to
adjust our gross pricing in line with cost inflation we are seeing in the market. While improving U.S.
economic activity and winter weather disruptions led to increases in sand, chemicals, cement additives
and raw materials costs, Halliburton's purchasing power and technology have allowed us to procure and
deliver these materials in a cost-efficient manner such that both Halliburton and our customers are more
competitive.

Service pricing improvement is the final step. We're not there yet, but we see positive signs of market
rebalancing that should drive future pricing improvements. Total fracturing equipment capacity has limited
room to grow in the current pricing environment. Continued attrition from a rising service intensity and
insufficient returns for many service companies is altering the industry dynamics. Because we are an
integrated provider, Halliburton participates in all key businesses in North America today and will benefit
more than others when pricing moves up.

We believe that Halliburton's leadership and strength in North America will allow us to take advantage of
positive market dynamics and deliver on our strategic priority to maximize value in this market.

Consistent with our strategy, we continue to turn every knob to manage greater capital efficiency
and drive solid free cash flow generation. This takes many forms and includes important technology
advancements in multiple product service lines, whether digital or equipment-related; process changes
that improve the speed with which we move equipment and respond to market opportunities; and finally,
actions to reduce the pace of working capital consumption required to grow our business. The first quarter
was a good demonstration of this, and we will continue to build on these actions.

We're also executing on our strategic priority to advance cleaner, affordable energy and to support
sustainable energy advancements using innovation and technology to reduce the environmental impact of
producing oil and gas. Halliburton has a 3-pronged approach to achieving this objective. First, we recently
released our target to achieve 40% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2035 from the 2018 baseline.
This is consistent with our goal to reduce the carbon footprint and environmental impact of our operations
and follows our commitment to set science-based targets announced last year.

Second, we are innovating. We continue to develop and deploy low-carbon solutions to help oil and gas
operators lower their current emissions profiles. We also use our existing technologies in renewable energy
applications. For example, today, the geothermal market in Europe is growing rapidly and represents
an attractive expansion opportunity for our artificial lift business. We're currently supplying electric
submersible pumps, specifically designed for the high-temperature large wellbore applications on the
geothermal project in Germany.

We're also providing drilling and cementing services for geothermal wells in Indonesia. We developed new
high-temperature cementing formulations and directional drilling techniques that increase geothermal sites
generating capacity and improved project economics.

And finally, we're excited about the progress of Halliburton Labs, our clean energy accelerator. In the first
quarter, we announced Halliburton Labs' inaugural group of participating companies. They are working
on solutions for transforming organic and plastic waste to renewable power, recycling of lithium-ion
batteries and converting carbon dioxide, water and renewable electricity into a hydrogen-rich platform
chemical. We are collaborating with these companies and providing world-class industrial capabilities and
expertise to help them achieve further scale and increase their evaluations. This engagement in the clean
energy space will inform Halliburton's future strategic decisions as the energy transition evolves. We are
taking applications for the next cohort of participants as we continue bringing early-stage clean energy
companies into Halliburton Labs.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

To sum up, we entered 2021 optimistic and focused on innovation. We believe that the early positive
momentum in North America will continue and the international market recovery will accelerate in the
second half of the year. Halliburton will continue to execute on our key strategic priorities to deliver
industry-leading returns and solid free cash flow as the anticipated multiyear recovery unfolds.

I will now turn the call over to Lance to provide more details on our financial results. Lance?

Lance Loeffler
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Jeff. Let's begin this morning with an overview of our first quarter results compared to the
fourth quarter of 2020. Total company revenue for the quarter was $3.5 billion, an increase of 7%. And
our operating income was $370 million, an increase of 6% compared to the adjusted operating income of
$350 million in the fourth quarter of 2020.

Now let me take a moment to discuss our divisional results in a little bit more detail. In our Completion
and Production division, revenue was $1.9 billion or an increase of 3%, while operating income was
$252 million, representing a decrease of 11%. The increase in revenue was primarily driven by higher
stimulation and artificial lift activity in North America, higher cementing activity in the North Sea as well as
improved stimulation activity in Argentina and Mexico and higher completion tool sales in Latin America.
These increases were partially offset by lower cementing services in Russia, lower pressure-pumping
activity in the Middle East, reduced seasonal completion tool sales and lower well intervention services in
the Eastern Hemisphere. Operating income was negatively impacted primarily by decreased completion
tool sales and reduced pressure-pumping activity in the Eastern Hemisphere.

Our Drilling and Evaluation revenue was $1.6 billion or an increase of 11%, while operating income was
$171 million, an increase of 46%. These increases were primarily due to higher software sales globally,
improved drilling-related services and wireline activity in the Western Hemisphere in Norway and increased
project management activity internationally. Partially offsetting these increases were lower drilling-related
services across Asia.

Moving on to our geographical results. In North America, revenue was $1.4 billion, representing an
increase of 13%. These results were primarily driven by higher drilling-related services, stimulation and
artificial lift activity in North America land as well as higher wireline activity and software sales in North
America land and the Gulf of Mexico. Partially offsetting these increases were reduced completion tool
sales and lower cementing and fluids activity in the Gulf of Mexico.

Moving to Latin America. Revenue was $535 million, representing an increase of 26%, resulting primarily
from increased activity in multiple product service lines in Argentina and Mexico as well as higher fluid
services in the Caribbean. Partially offsetting these improvements was reduced activity across multiple
product service lines in Colombia.

Turning to Europe/Africa/CIS. Revenue was $634 million, a 1% decrease sequentially, resulting mainly
from reduced completion tool sales and well intervention services across the region, coupled with lower
activity in Russia and lower fluid services in Kazakhstan. These decreases were partially offset by higher
well construction activity in the North Sea and increased software sales across the region.

In Middle East/Asia, revenue was $878 million or a 6% decrease. These results were primarily driven
by lower stimulation and well intervention services in the Middle East, reduced drilling-related activity in
Indonesia and China and lower completion tool sales across the region. Partially offsetting these declines
were improved project management activity in Iraq and Saudi Arabia and higher wireline activity across
Asia.

In the first quarter, our corporate expense totaled $53 million. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we
anticipate corporate expense to be slightly higher. Net interest expense for the quarter was $125 million,
and we expect this level of interest expense to drift slightly lower in the second quarter as a result of our
reduced debt balance.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Our effective tax rate for the first quarter was approximately 23%. As we go forward into 2021, based on
the anticipated market environment and our expected geographic earnings mix, we expect our full year
effective tax rate to be approximately 25%.

Turning to cash flow. We generated $203 million of cash from operations during the first quarter and
$157 million of free cash flow. We also repaid $188 million in maturing debt with cash on hand in the first
quarter, and we'll continue to prioritize reducing leverage in the near term.

Capital expenditures during the quarter came in at $104 million. We expect capital equipment deliveries
for international projects to ramp up in the second half of the year. And as a result, our full year 2021
CapEx guidance remains unchanged.

Finally, turning to our near-term operational outlook. Let me provide you with some comments on how
we see the second quarter unfolding. In North America, we expect both completions and drilling activity
momentum to continue, but sequential activity growth should moderate. In the international markets, we
expect a seasonal rebound in a broad-based activity increase, the pace of which will vary across different
regions. As a result, for our Completion and Production division, we anticipate low double-digit revenue
growth sequentially, with margins expected to expand by 125 to 150 basis points as a result of our strong
operating leverage across all markets. In our Drilling and Evaluation division, we anticipate a mid-single-
digit revenue increase with margins declining 100 to 125 basis points sequentially. The moderate growth
and anticipated reduction in margins are primarily attributed to the seasonal decline in our software sales
globally.

I'll now turn the call back over to Jeff. Jeff?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Thanks, Lance. To sum up, I'm optimistic about how this transition year is shaping up. The demand
outlook continues to improve both internationally and domestically, even as some regions still experience
lockdowns. This year is headed in the right direction, and Halliburton is focused on the right things to
deliver on our shareholders' objectives. We expect our strong international business to continue its
profitable growth as activity increases throughout the year.

In North America, our business has recovered and is demonstrating margin improvement on the back of
our strong operating leverage. Digital is growing our revenue and helping us and our customers increase
operational efficiency and reduce costs. Our commitment to capital efficiency is expected to support
growth and solid free cash flow generation. And finally, we believe that our strategy to advance cleaner,
affordable energy positions us well for the future.
And now let's open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from James West with Evercore ISI.

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

So Jeff, clearly, international looks good in the back half. We're 90 days in your last conference call. And
obviously, you and I have spoken several times in between. But your visibility on the second half and
even more so on '22, which I think is more important, should have increased at this point. And so I'd love
to hear your thoughts on kind of how the international recovery takes shape. I understand double digit
year-over-year second half of this year. But really, as it kind of runs into '22, how we should be thinking
about regions, markets, where the growth is going to be? And then should that double-digit momentum
continue?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. Thanks, James. The -- yes, confidence improving and visibility improving around our outlook, both for
'21 and for '22. In fact, when we see -- I see tender pipeline strong, strengthening, these are all sort of
the things that start sometime later this year but really start to get traction into '22 and even '23.

Some of the programs that we're seeing are shorter-cycle barrels. But the fact is those are actually
service-intense barrels to find, so it's things that's going to drive more upstream spending faster. And even
if I look at just '21 outlook confidence is more so today, we -- I think earlier -- we see it, at a minimum,
improving to flat year-on-year, which is an improvement from what we thought earlier.

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Right. Okay, okay. Makes sense. And then as we think about North America, obviously, the big E&Ps are
going to remain capital disciplined and probably show some really good cash flow this year given where
the oil price is. But they'll step up next year as a committed to spend a certain percentage of cash flow.
So are you starting to have conversations or started thinking about '22 as it reflects to North America and
kind of what the increase could be in spending if oil prices are 30% higher than they were going into this
year?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. James, I think we're going to see sort of the steady cadence of increase as we move through this year
and even into next year. I think the -- just the feedback and sense I get is that there is a lot of discipline
around production and where -- and what they can do profitably.

I also think, as we see improvement into 2022, they will face service cost inflation just because of where
everything is, where the equipment needs to be replaced. So I don't think it's -- it won't be -- it certainly
won't be the same. And I think that tightening of capacity is very good for Halliburton. And I think that, if
anything, that will be a bit of a governor.

Operator

Our next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citigroup.

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

So as you guys probably heard some of your investor conversations, there's been some concern around
Halliburton in terms of C&P margins. As we start the year, just given the mix towards the domestic
completion market, and we heard the 2Q guide, obviously, how should we be thinking about the second
half? And assuming no net pricing in the U.S., with the international side starting to accelerate, U.S.
continuing to expand on a more efficient and streamlined platform, how should we think about second half
incrementals kind of from a high level, if you could put some color around that? And can we do better than
the 2Q pace, which looks like to be around 25%?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Well, look, thanks, Scott. We're confident about the progression in North America, certainly for C&P and
globally. And I think that the -- our goal is to maximize the value of this business. And I've said I think you
expect mid-teens full year. And I think that's a solid number, and that's reflecting an activity increase that
is driving the incremental margins as opposed to pricing. No pricing in that. And I think we have visibility
towards what will drive pricing, which will substantially improve, in fact, supercharge those incrementals.
But I think right now we're building our outlook around what is the steady cadence of improvement and
maintaining -- actually, continuing to drive further efficiencies in North America with respect to keeping
our cost under -- the reset that we did last year is still alive and well in place.

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Got you. And then similar question on the D&E side. Obviously, some noise on the margin front around the
software sales. But maybe some color on the second half for D&E. I guess the question is, in the past, as
we've seen the international side of the business accelerate off the bottom, we've often seeing start-up
costs limit the margin improvement potential, at least for a couple of quarters at the start of the cycle. Is
there a risk of that this cycle? Or is that really diminished given the digital applications and streamlining
the platform? How should we think about D&E margin expansion in the second half as things start to pick
up internationally?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. Thanks. Look, I think the D&E, starting at a higher point than it did finished last year is important.
I think it says 2 important things. One, our software business is strong and accretive. And it also says,
though, that the rest of the business margins, the rest of D&E's margins, the baseline is improving. And so
we're knocking on double digits as we look out through the rest of the year.

As I look at the back half or the international expansion on D&E, we're positioned today for that. And
so I -- the kind of investment we're making, we view it as a march. We want to continue to improve the
baseline margins in that business. So it's continuing to improve.

And so I think we'll see improvement in 2021. I think that continues beyond that. And so our outlook is for
continuing to grow those margins. I don't see the kind of headwinds that we might have seen a year ago
when we were ramping for one of the largest contracts in the North Sea. I mean I don't see that repeat.
And some of what we're getting also is the benefit of the capital efficiency that's baked into a lot of our
D&E ability to move things around. In fact, that's at the core of our strategy is capital efficiency, and I
think that manifests itself around how we move tools and other things.

Operator

Our next question comes from David Anderson with Barclays.

John David Anderson
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I was just wondering if you could just talk briefly about the pressure-pumping market. Just really want
to talk about DGB engines, and E&P is increasingly looking to move away from diesel. Some are even
suggesting higher pricing on this type of equipment. I was just wondering if you could kind of tell us where

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

you stand on this. And are your customers pushing for this type of equipment? And are you starting to see
any bifurcation in the market on pricing because of this?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. Thanks, Dave. Look, I think as we look into the future, those types of solutions will get pricing earlier
and more so. We are seeing more demand for those types of solutions, and we have a leading position
around whether it's Tier 4 dual fuel or also the electric.

And so yes -- so we're seeing the demand. I think that the bifurcation will happen gradually simply
because the ability to do 2 things: one, put equipment into the market. And so the way we look at that is
that's replacement equipment generally. So we've got 10% to 12% of our equipment that goes off every
year. And so what we're able to do is replace that with what we view to be higher-margin, better returning
equipment over time. But that's more the pacing that we see.

And then the other sort of key components around pricing, I mean, when we look at -- get into all of
this. But when we think about returns for new equipment -- any kind of new equipment but particularly
technology, we expect some premium around the technology and also derisking the time horizon impact of
making those returns also. I think that's equally key.

John David Anderson
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

That makes sense. And then if I could just switch over to the international side. You talked about
improved project management activity in Iraq and Saudi Arabia. I was just wondering, first, was there
anything noteworthy behind this improvement? Or is this more the course of business? But kind of
more importantly, as you talk -- look at the tendering activity out there, is this going to be a preferred
contracting model for NOCs, I guess, assuming we're at the beginning of a multiyear growth phase? And if
so, are you comfortable increasing your exposure to project management activity?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. To answer the first question, Dave, that's just sort of normal course of business. We see
improvements, and we see more activity at different times. So that's really all to read through on that.

I think the -- with respect to project management broadly and how we see those contracts in the future,
obviously, a lot of activity around that. We'll be certainly very thoughtful around how we increase that
exposure. We manage that risk. In fact, the most important component of looking at those types of things
is understanding and managing the risk. And it's one of the reasons I'm so -- you hear me say it a lot, but
I'm talking about profitable growth internationally. And so that profitable component is going to be the
lead punch around how we grow internationally.

So we'll take up -- certainly, we're in that business. We're good at that business, but we're also pretty
circumspect around how we make money doing that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Sean Meakim with JPMorgan.

Sean Christopher Meakim
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So C&P had a pretty good quarter, all things considered. You expected some mix shift for the back half
of the year. Private E&Ps led the early recovery. You said you're expecting some publics to add rigs in the
back half. Does this also suggest that you think private E&Ps have mostly added what they can under the
current oil price environment? They've been -- they're over half the rig count today. They're 2/3 of the rigs
added off the trough. But their end market -- their end economics are not that different maybe than from
the publics. So just curious your visibility on private E&P activity for the balance of the year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. Look, I think that they're the most nimble group. They're going to move the quickest to engage.
They also have the least impact on the overall headline production number also. So I think that I really
am encouraged by the activity that we've seen, the ability to continue that. I think they're all making
their own economic decisions, and they make that really without a lot of stakeholder beyond the owner's
direction.

And so I think what we're seeing is a natural reaction to that, but I don't think it's indicative of how the
whole market behaves. And so they have the ability to get real busy and then slow down and back it down
as they see production start to ramp up a little bit for them, and it changes their economics. So a hard
march up into the right, not necessarily. I think they'll all make their own decisions and could easily, I'm
not going to say back off, but what they will do is make those decisions, has other operators start to ramp
up. And that's obviously a much more disciplined group who have plans in place.

I think the key point to make here, though, we're at the end of the first quarter. We're into Q2, and we
haven't talked about any of the kind of budget blowouts that we talked about in prior years where like,
oh, wow, we've overspent. So there's something coming that's going to slow things down. That's not at
all what we see. In fact, what I'm describing in terms of confidence in the cadence is the confidence in the
cadence that we are going to stay busy in marching through the second half of the year, likely up some. In
fact, I think our outlook today is up North America -- yes, up North America, maybe close to 10% on the
full year. So that's some moderation, but that's still growing.

Sean Christopher Meakim
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

That's a good point. I appreciate that feedback. On D&E, results are obviously impressive. We've sort of
unpacked the impact of seasonal software sales spilling into the first quarter. But you've also been press
releasing a lot of the new contracts and agreements tied to digital initiatives. So I'm just curious how
much of the confidence underlying your margin commentary is driven by the improved mix from digital.
And could it eventually be justified to maybe enhance some disclosure around the materiality of digital to
your results?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Well, it's certainly -- digital is enhancing our margins. But that's -- and that's certainly where we want
to see that go, and we expect it to continue. It's also baked into all aspects of our business. So from a
digital perspective, it is sort of equal parts, customer-oriented like just consulting and software sales. It's
also equal parts making our tools better so they become answer products. And we sell them through the
normal course of business, but they meaningfully impact the value of those tools.

And then finally, what it does internally to drive our own cost down. And so helping, yes. But I think more
importantly, when I look at D&E is, again, back to that baseline of improving margins, which is built on the
back of sort of the high cruise performance and technology there, wireline performance and technology
there. So those kind of things that are operational, we can see them -- we see them getting traction --
more broad traction. Those are the kind of things that as we look into a multiyear up cycle internationally,
that's what's going to drive margin up '21, '22, '23.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ian MacPherson of Simmons.

Ian MacPherson
Simmons & Company International, Research Division

Jeff, I wanted to ask you for an update on your innovative frac operations. You spoke interestingly last
quarter about the smart fleet as well as we've seen what you've accomplished with the grid frac. I know
there's been some IP contest there. I don't -- we don't need to talk about that, but just kind of an update

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

on how those operations on leading-edge technology and domestic frac are going and how you see that
blossoming over the course of the year with incremental fleets of those varieties.

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. Look, I really like the technology. I like what we've done. The smart fleet is as advertised. We've got
more trials to do. But we continue to find more effective ways to deliver that solution, which should allow
it to scale even more quickly. I think it's going to continue to gain a lot of traction, very capital-efficient
approach to implementing technology because it implements with the equipment that we have.

From an e-fleet standpoint, again, certainly pleased with the performance that we've seen. Yes, it
continues to drive or deliver on the kinds of efficiencies we thought we would see both from -- for us in
terms of utilization and dollars per horsepower. A lot of interest from customers around that technology
also. But let's remember, we're maximizing value in North America. So we only put this equipment out
when it meets our return expectations and we can derisk the time horizon. And so it's not -- it's going to
look more like replacement of upgrading replacements as opposed to new investment.

Ian MacPherson
Simmons & Company International, Research Division

Understood. And then separately, Lance, I wanted to ask you about the free cash flow progression going
into Q2 and for the rest of the year. Obviously, the CapEx was light-loaded in Q1. And so just thoughts
on how the CapEx sequences through the year and just general, maybe a refresh on total absolute dollar
working capital framework for this year -- not -- sorry, not working capital but bottom line free cash.

Lance Loeffler
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. No, good question, Ian. Look, I think overall, as everyone knows, maximizing free cash flow remains
the key priority for us and what we're focused on, but more so free cash flow that's driven by margin
progression and then all aspects of the capital efficiency. I know Jeff covered a little bit in his prepared
remarks around efficiency and working capital and remaining disciplined around CapEx.

Look, more operating profit we see ahead based on our activity outlook improving. And obviously, the
progression around margins that we've discussed already this morning, we're pretty optimistic about what
all of that means for 2021 free cash flow target, which today gives us more confidence that we will be sort
of ahead of where consensus sits today, even excluding the change in the metric that we've outlined this
quarter.

Operator

Our next question comes from Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America.

Chase Mulvehill
BofA Securities, Research Division

So I guess in your prepared remarks, you talked about a doubling of the value of submitted bids across
the international market if we compare that to what you saw last year. So I guess I was hoping that
maybe you could provide a little color relative to the mix between NOCs, IOCs, independent E&Ps and
maybe the regions that you see the most pickup in bidding activity.

And then I don't know if you'd be willing to kind of step out over your skis a little bit and say what it might
would mean for activity as we kind of get into 2022 if you start signing a lot of these contracts. So -- and I
know you talked about some continued growth and some strong growth on the international side over the
medium term, but I don't know if you'd like to quantify that at this point just given the bid activity you're
seeing.

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Yes. Look, I think the type of activity we're seeing is probably more weighted towards Middle East, Latin
America, broadly in terms of tender activity. I think that -- yes I'm not going to try to quantify things
that are too derivative -- standard deviations in the future. But what our view is that's certainly indicative
of a growing market and the kind of market that will grow over time. We're going to engage in that and
participate in it but I -- and be successful.

But our view is, a, focus on profitable growth and drive international revenue growth that way. But I think
we're also going to see that sort of lead to the broader-based kind of recovery, which is equally important
to price. And so I bring that up just to say that these big tenders are always very competitive from a price
standpoint. But where we start to see price improvement typically is as the market sort of starts to fill up
and we see more opportunities. And that is how we see the international market shaping up. So I think
that's an equally important concept of what we're seeing in terms of growth.

Chase Mulvehill
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. And maybe if I can kind of come back to the conversation around U.S. onshore and talk -- and try
to tease out a little bit more in the publics versus privates. I don't know if you'd kind of be willing to share
your mix of publics versus privates on the U.S. onshore. I know kind of overall rig activity is roughly half
between the publics and privates today, and it continues to kind of see a shift towards privates as activity
continues to rebound because they're obviously responding to a higher oil price while the publics are not.
So maybe just talk to your mix and kind of what advantages you think you have when you look to kind of
pursue more opportunities on the private side versus your competitors.

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Look, we have a great footprint in North America. We've got a leading position in North America, which
means we really work for all of the customers in North America. So from a mix perspective, what we
look for is efficiency. We look for opportunity, we look for growth opportunity, and we look for uptake on
technology and performance. And so I think the -- that's the way we view the market less around A versus
B, but it's more do they have the characteristics that allow us to drive our value proposition in market and
maximize the kind of returns like we're talking about. And so I think that, that moves at different times
depending on where the market is, but it doesn't usually change a whole lot.

Operator

Our next question comes from Marc Bianchi with Cowen.

Marc Gregory Bianchi
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I guess thinking about the cost structure going forward, there's a few variables, I think, with COVID and
normalization, hopefully, coming out of COVID, where maybe there could be some increased travel and
entertainment expense. I'm curious how that sort of factors into the margin outlook that you have and if
there's any risk to -- maybe a headwind to margin as we get into the back half of the year.

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. Thanks. Look, those types of costs are in our outlook. So I don't -- we manage cost all of the time.
I don't see a bow wave of that coming back. We've reset the earnings. We've reset it in terms of how
we work and how we move people around and how we go to market. So I look forward to the market
opening. I think that's going to drive a lot more demand. That will continue to drive demand for oil. But I
think from our standpoint, we're going to -- we just manage those costs.

Marc Gregory Bianchi
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Yes. Lance, back on the free cash flow. Working capital is a positive number this quarter, but then there
was another sort of $250 million drag or outflow from other operating outflows. Could you talk about that?
And then just as I think about those 2 lines over the course of the year, would you expect them to be net
neutral, positive, negative?

Lance Loeffler
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So other operating in the cash flow line item tends to be pretty heavy in the first quarter. We've
got compensation that tends to hit in the first quarter as well as taxes are heavy with property taxes,
et cetera. And so that's not atypical from us from a intra-year cyclicality perspective. We expect that to
lighten up, obviously, in 2Q. But that's sort of the color I would give you on that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Connor Lynagh with Martin Stanley.

Connor Joseph Lynagh
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I was hoping we could put a finer point on some of the discussion on pricing in international. You've made
the comment that, obviously, large tenders will be competitive, but leading-edge pricing should increase.
Can you maybe frame for us the extent to which leading-edge pricing is meaningfully different from what
your more sort of contracts book looks like? In other words, if leading-edge pricing is moving higher, does
that imply that contract pricing will follow? Or is there a mark-to-market effect we should think about?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

No. I think contract pricing will follow is the way that works generally. It starts there. The contracts
themselves improve over time. And I think that having alternatives that are higher-priced also help to
create pressure -- upward pressure on pricing even in larger contracts.

Lance Loeffler
Executive VP & CFO

And I would add, I mean, that's -- what Jeff is describing is exactly what we were seeing in the early part
-- or late part of 2019 and 2020 was that dynamic in terms of large tenders still bid competitively, but
rising level of activity was tightening the rest of the broader market. Obviously, we took a pause with
COVID, but we expect as we see activity levels creep back to where we were in those -- that period of
time, I think we're optimistic that we start to see the same behavior from a pricing perspective.

Connor Joseph Lynagh
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. Makes sense. And I guess, just further to that, so on the large tender side of things. There's been
some discussion about some of the softer elements maybe improving before pricing. How do you guys feel
about the potential for terms and conditions or different types of ancillary charges improving in the near
term? And I guess the other question is, you've made a lot of changes to your cost structure. Do you think
you can maybe drive improved margins without the increase in pricing?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. We expect to do that. And as we continue to see activity come on, we will see improving margins.
Always working Ts and Cs. There are always leading-edge sort of things that we're working on that
become easier to do, become very important over time to do. And we're doing those all of the time, and
we're doing those now. Also, digital sort of implicit through all of this. So we see our digital improving,
driving margins better all of the time. And so I think we should see improving margins before we see even

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

the pricing, but I think the pricing is what allows us to really -- that's where we see the real traction in
incrementals.

Operator

Our next question comes from Chris Voie with Wells Fargo.

Christopher F. Voie
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just wanted to ask first on some of the cost inflation that was mentioned in the prepared remarks. Is that
mostly getting offset in the pretty near term, maybe this quarter or next? Or is there any impacts that
could be flowing through as you get price recovery in the second and third quarter? Just curious if there's
going to be any tailwind from that.

Lance Loeffler
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Chris, this is Lance. Yes, I mean a lot of that's largely -- the cost inflation that we described is driven
by what's happening in North America and the growth that we're seeing there. Some of it was driven by
the impact of the storms, right, and some of the shortages that we saw across the value chain.

But I would say, look, our size and scale gives us an inherent advantage to negotiate the best deals in a
lot of those consumables. And to the extent a lot of our commercial arrangements allow us to pass that
through to the customer. Our guidance overall sort of incorporates that. And I think, look, we're always
going to be continuing to focus on maximizing our value in North America, regardless of the challenges in
the environment. But that's sort of baked into how we see at least the near term playing out and obviously
the outlook we've given for the year.

Christopher F. Voie
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe on CapEx. So I think in the past, you said 5% to 6% range. In the
data, it looks like service intensity is very high. Pricing has not really caught up with the amount of work
that's getting done. So just curious to check in on the 5% to 6% range, if you expect that would still be in
place for '21 and probably 2022 as well.

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. Yes, I mean that's -- we've talked about capital efficiency and driving capital efficiency through all
parts of our business, that's what allows us to get to that 5% to 6% of revenues in terms of CapEx spend.
So yes for '21 and '22.

Operator

That concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back to Jeff Miller for closing
remarks.

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Okay. Thank you, Liz. Before we end the call, I'd like to make a few closing comments. I am encouraged
by this year's positive momentum and demand recovery. We are well positioned globally for growing
international demand, the expected steady activity cadence in North America and our -- with our leading
digital technologies, which allow us to maximize value for Halliburton and its shareholders. We look
forward to speaking with you again next quarter.

Liz, please close out the call.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

