Halliburton Company NYSE:HAL
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, July 20, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.23

0.26

Revenue  (mm)

3691.52

3707.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-20-2021 1:45 PM GMT

13.04

0.42

0.26

0.96

1.44

3890.00

15020.00

16885.04

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.09

0.14

0.17

0.23

0.11

0.18

0.19

0.26

22.22 %

28.57 %

11.76 %

13.04 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Abu Zeya
Senior Director of Investor
Relations

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Lance Loeffler
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Arun Jayaram
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Chase Mulvehill
BofA Securities, Research Division

Connor Joseph Lynagh
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Ian MacPherson
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

John David Anderson
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Halliburton's Second Quarter 2021
Earnings Call. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the
conference over to Abu Zeya, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

Abu Zeya
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Good morning and welcome to the Halliburton Second Quarter 2021 Conference Call. As a reminder,
today's call is being webcast, and a replay will be available on Halliburton's website for 7 days. Joining me
today are Jeff Miller, Chairman, President and CEO; and Lance Loeffler, CFO.

Some of our comments today may include forward-looking statements reflecting Halliburton's views
about future events. These matters involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to
materially differ from our forward-looking statements. These risks are discussed in Halliburton's Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2020, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, recent current
reports on Form 8-K and other Securities and Exchange Commission filings. We undertake no obligation to
revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason.

Our comments today also include non-GAAP financial measures. Additional details and reconciliation
to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our second quarter earnings
release and can also be found in the Quarterly Results and Presentations section of our website. [Operator
Instructions] Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Thank you, Abu, and good morning, everyone. Our performance in the second quarter demonstrates that
our clear strategy is working well and Halliburton's strategic priorities are driving value. Let's get right to
the highlights.

Total company revenue increased 7% sequentially as both North America and international top line
continued to improve. Operating income grew 17%, with solid margin performance in both divisions.
Our Completion and Production division revenue increased 10% driven by the strength in U.S. land
completions. C&P delivered operating margin of 16% in the second quarter, reaching 3-year highs.

Our Drilling and Evaluation division revenue grew 5%. Operating margin of 11% was about flat
sequentially, with rig count increases across multiple regions offsetting a seasonal decline in software
sales. North America revenue grew 12% as both drilling and completions activity marched higher
throughout the quarter. Increased utilization and our significant operating leverage supported sequential
margin expansion.

International revenue grew 4% sequentially, with activity increasing in the key producing regions of the
world despite COVID-19 disruptions in various countries. Finally, we generated strong free cash flow this
quarter, bringing the year-to-date free cash flow to almost $425 million.

I'm pleased with the solid performance we delivered in the first half of this transition year. While recent
market volatility only demonstrates the fact that we remain in a transition year, today, I want to spend
more time discussing what I believe will unfold over the next couple of years. First, let me reaffirm the
outlook for the rest of this year.

In the second half of 2021, we expect activity momentum to continue. Internationally, we still anticipate a
double-digit increase in activity compared to the second half of 2020, even as certain countries continue to
face COVID disruptions. With commodity prices remaining supportive, we believe activity in North America
inches higher, with drilling outpacing completions as operators build up well inventory for 2022.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Looking beyond this year, let me describe the longer-term outlook. We believe that we are in the early
innings of a multiyear upcycle. For the first time in 7 years, we anticipate simultaneous growth in
international and North America markets, and this view guides our business objectives and expected
outcomes. So here's how we see the macro industry environment playing out over the next couple of
years.

First, we believe commodity prices will remain structurally supportive. With both demand resurgence in
many economies and increased vaccine availability, we anticipate that global demand will continue to
exceed supply, particularly to the extent OPEC+ manages supply additions over the near term. As OPEC
+'s spare capacity returns to normalized levels over the next year, we believe sufficient pent-up global oil
demand will support a call on both international and U.S. production.

Second, multiple years of underinvestment in the international markets, coupled with the anticipated
oil and gas demand growth, give us confidence in a healthy international recovery. I believe the growth
will be led by the national oil companies and focused on shorter cycle barrels. This activity should come
with higher service intensity and higher relative capital spend around the wellbore as opposed to long
cycle infrastructure investments. We expect mature fields, both onshore and offshore, to attract the most
investment, while large-scale greenfield exploration will be limited to a few markets in Africa and Latin
America. As a result, we anticipate double-digit annual international spending growth at least over the
next couple of years.

Third, we believe that a supportive commodity price environment, normalized levels of spare OPEC
+ capacity and high decline rates in U.S. shale are constructive for North American spending. We
expect drilling and completion spending in North America will also grow double digits annually over the
next 2 years, although activity will not return to prepandemic levels. We expect private operators to
opportunistically lead the activity comeback, while public E&Ps balance growth and returns.

Fourth, I believe equipment availability will tighten much faster than most people think. In multiple
product lines, we believe that equipment supply will fall behind anticipated demand. Today, both drilling
and completions equipment are nearing tightness in North America. And we expect to see international
markets tighten over the next few quarters. Given the scarcity of external capital sources, many North
American service companies do not currently generate sufficient cash to organically fund investment in
new equipment, innovation and maintenance, let alone generate sufficient returns.

Internationally, multiple years of service company CapEx reductions should limit equipment availability.
We expect increasing demand and tightening equipment capacity will lead to higher prices. Pricing is
beginning to return in North America now and is expected to lag internationally where contract durations
are longer.

I know the positive macro outlook I just described is a case for the rising tide lifting all boats. However,
what matters is how Halliburton is positioned to outperform in this market. The improving macro
environment marks the first time in a long time that we see an increasing level of customer urgency and
they pivot back to what creates value in our industry, and this reinforces the power of Halliburton's unique
value proposition.

Throughout the downturn, Halliburton doubled down on our value proposition to collaborate and engineer
solutions to maximize asset value for our customers. We continue to invest in technology, both digital and
hardware, that maximizes value per barrel of production. We are expanding in new market segments. We
are uniquely positioned in North America as the only integrated service company. Our collaborative culture
and engineered solutions create sustainable competitive advantage, setting Halliburton up to move from
value creation to value capture.

Here are a few examples of how Halliburton creates and captures value through our digital technologies.
We are accelerating the deployment and integration of digital both with our customers and internally. It
creates technical differentiation, contributes to higher margins and drives internal efficiencies. Over the
first 6 months of this year, we grew the total user count on our iEnergy public cloud by 70%, and cloud
revenue now constitutes almost 20% of our overall software revenues. We believe that this shift from on-
prem to cloud software solutions drives faster growth. It also allows us to expand our revenue base with

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

the same customers as we add new cloud-native applications and increase the number of users within the
same operator.

Digital technology enables high-value remote and autonomous operations. We see steady growth of our
remote monitoring of open-hole wireline operations. For example, this past quarter, we deployed virtual
remote logging capabilities on a remote location in Continental Europe, utilizing a well site specialist in
Norway to remotely operate downhole tools. Virtual remote logging allows us to place highly specialized
personnel at regional hubs rather than in the field, which leads to better resource utilization, fewer
personnel at the well site, less HSE exposure and higher margins.

We also deployed digital and automation in our drilling operations across the globe, both on discrete
and integrated contracts. Over 75% of our iCruise drilling system runs are fully automated today, and
we expect all runs to have some automation by the end of this year. Across Europe and Eurasia, we
increased the number of automated jobs fivefold since the beginning of this year. Drilling automation
directly translates to top-tier customer performance. For example, over the last 2 years, it allowed us to
improve the rates of penetration by approximately 25% on the Middle East lump sum turnkey project and
on another integrated contract in the North Sea.

Moreover, digitalization and automation improved the resource efficiency of our own operations. In the
second quarter, on an NOC project in Russia, we reduced rig site personnel by 40%. Separately, for an
IOC in the Caspian, we captured cost efficiencies through using a remote operation center to monitor and
control drilling jobs.

Halliburton's differentiated drilling technologies penetrate the market and deliver results for our
customers. Our multiyear investment in drilling technologies is paying off, and we believe we are on the
right path to outgrow the market as international drilling activity ramps up. Our drilling technologies
deliver top quartile performance on discrete contracts and form the core of our integrated project
management offering. This past quarter, on a challenging gas project on Russia's Yamal Peninsula,
the Halliburton project management team drilled 8 horizontal wells 36 days ahead of plan with 0 HSE
incidents. In close collaboration with our customer, we maximized drilling performance and accelerated the
operator's production.

And lastly, we deployed digital solutions to optimize production. In the second quarter, we won a contract
that highlights the enormous opportunity for digital adoption in the Middle East. After many years of
collaboration with Halliburton on its digital transformation journey, Kuwait Oil Company expanded our
automated production management contract in North Kuwait to all other assets in the country. KOC will
use DecisionSpace 365, Halliburton's cloud-based subscription service for E&P applications, to automate
work processes and accurately plan, forecast and optimize production throughout KOC's portfolio.

We are also expanding in new market segments. We expect to benefit from the significant growth potential
of our specialty chemicals and artificial lift businesses, both in North America and internationally. As
Halliburton increases participation in these new segments, we believe we will enjoy unique growth
opportunities that are margin accretive and longer cycle.

I'm pleased to announce that in the second quarter, Halliburton was awarded a 7-year production
chemicals contract with a large IOC in Oman. Products for this new contract will be manufactured at
Halliburton's new Saudi chemical reaction plant scheduled to open later this year. The strategic location of
this plant will allow us to manufacture and sell specialty chemicals to other new customers throughout the
region.

In North America, we recently expanded our footprint in the downstream process and water treatment
chemicals business through awards of 2 separate 5-year specialty chemicals contracts for large refiners on
the Gulf Coast.

In our growing international artificial lift business, earlier this month, we completed the first installation
of our ESP contract in Kuwait. We believe this contract gives us scale in the region that will allow us to
profitably grow our artificial lift business in other key markets.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Finally, Halliburton has the broadest market exposure because we remain the only integrated service
provider active in both North America and international markets. I believe this unique position allows us
to capitalize on the double-digit growth, equipment tightness and resulting better service pricing in both
markets.

In the international markets, we expect that Halliburton's differentiated drilling equipment capacity
tightens first. Over the next few quarters, as large tenders soak up capacity, I expect to return to the
prepandemic environment when pricing improved in certain markets.

In North America, specific equipment categories are already tight today. There is a high demand for low
emissions frac equipment and the supply is limited. Halliburton leads the market in low emission solutions
today, and that gives us a structural pricing advantage to further maximize value in North America.

Halliburton showcased our market-leading low emission solutions at a recent event in Duncan, Oklahoma.
Over the course of 5 days, several hundred people from more than 40 operators came to see our electric
and dual fuel equipment displays and operational demonstrations, including our 5,000 horsepower Zeus
electric pumping unit, our new ExpressBlend blending system, E-Winch electric wireline unit, the electric
tech command center and an effective power generation solution. They didn't just see R&D plans and
prototypes. Instead, they witnessed functional, job-ready equipment that works for our customers today
and delivers unprecedented fracturing performance and reduced emissions.

The Duncan event also showcased our SmartFleet intelligent fracturing system. SmartFleet marries our
digital capabilities and fracturing expertise to do what was not possible until now: give customers control
over fracturing performance in real time. It sets us apart from the rest of the hydraulic fracturing market
and solidifies our industry leadership in intelligent fracturing. In the second quarter, we deployed it with
2 IOC customers in 2 different U.S. basins with excellent results. Operators achieved more consistent
fracturing placement on every stage, with improved cluster uniformity and management of offset frac hits.

SmartFleet, paired with our premium low emissions equipment, creates a powerful combination of
Halliburton's leading technologies to deliver superior production results, reduce environmental impact and
drive a strong margin differential for Halliburton. We believe that our unique value proposition, combined
with customer urgency and equipment tightness in the U.S. and international markets, will improve
pricing for our differentiated equipment and services. As our equipment reaches sustained levels of higher
utilization in North America, we are now moving from passing on inflationary cost increases to setting net
pricing higher. And we expect this trend to accelerate into 2022.

Internationally, pricing will take longer to catch up to North America and will first manifest itself on
discrete contracts in underserved markets. We expect large tenders to remain competitive, but our
strategic priority is clear: deliver profitable growth as the recovery unfolds. We expect improved pricing,
higher utilization and our significant operating leverage will deliver strong incrementals for Halliburton in
this upcycle. In the face of both current and expected demand increases, we remain focused on improved
returns and capital efficiency and expect our overall capital investment to stay in the range of 5% to 6% of
revenue.

Now let's step back for a minute and think about what this means for Halliburton. My remarks often focus
on the practical view of the near term, but I also have conviction about Halliburton's performance in
the early innings of this upcycle. Based on the market assumptions outlined earlier, we expect revenue
to grow at a mid-teens compound annual growth rate over the next 2 years. We also expect operating
margins to expand by about 400 basis points by 2023 and thus return to 2014 margin levels.

We are committed to driving significant free cash flow and returns for our shareholders as this multiyear
upcycle unfolds. This earnings power results from the execution of Halliburton's strategic priorities. I'm
confident that our focus on technology differentiation, digital adoption and capital efficiency positions us
for profitable growth internationally and maximizing value in North America. Now I will turn the call over
to Lance to provide more details on our second quarter financial results. Lance?

Lance Loeffler
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Thank you, Jeff, and good morning. Let me begin with a summary of our second quarter results compared
to the first quarter of 2021. Total company revenue for the quarter was $3.7 billion, and operating
income was $434 million, an increase of 7% and 17%, respectively. Higher equipment utilization and our
significant operating leverage supported these strong results as rig counts moved up globally in the second
quarter.

Now let me take a moment to discuss our division results in a little more detail. Starting with our
Completion and Production division, revenue was $2 billion, an increase of 10%, while operating
income was $317 million or an increase of 26%. These improvements were driven by: higher activity
across multiple product service lines in North America land; improved cementing activity in the Eastern
Hemisphere and Latin America; increased completion tool sales in the Middle East, the North Sea and Latin
America; as well as higher well intervention services in Saudi Arabia and Algeria. These improvements
were partially offset by lower stimulation activity in Latin America.

In our Drilling and Evaluation division, revenue was $1.7 billion, an increase of 5%, while operating
income was $175 million or an increase of 2%. These results were driven by improved drilling-related
services and wireline activity across all regions, along with increased testing services in the Eastern
Hemisphere. Partially offsetting these improvements were reduced software sales globally.

Moving on to our geographic results. In North America, revenue increased 12%, primarily driven by higher
pressure pumping services, drilling-related services and wireline activity in North America land as well as
higher well construction activity in the Gulf of Mexico. Partially offsetting these increases were reduced
software sales across the region.

Turning to Latin America. Revenue was flat sequentially, primarily driven by increased activity in multiple
product service lines in Mexico, higher fluid services in Brazil as well as additional completion tool sales in
Guyana. These results were offset by lower stimulation activity in Argentina, Mexico and Brazil; decreased
software sales across the region; and lower project management activity in Mexico and Ecuador.

In Europe/Africa/CIS, revenue increased 7%, resulting from increased activity across multiple product
service lines in Russia, Norway, Algeria and Ghana. These increases were partially offset by lower software
sales across the region and lower activity in Nigeria.

In the Middle East/Asia region, revenue increased 5%, resulting from improved activity in multiple product
service lines in Saudi Arabia, improved well intervention services across the region, increased drilling-
related services in Oman, higher completion tool sales in Kuwait, improved well construction activity in
Australia and increased pipeline services in China. These improvements were offset by lower software
sales across the region, reduced project management activity in India and lower overall activity in
Bangladesh.

In the second quarter, our corporate and other expenses totaled $58 million. For the third quarter, we
expect our corporate expense to remain largely unchanged. Net interest expense for the quarter was $120
million and should remain flat for the third quarter. We remain focused on reducing our leverage in the
near term and recently announced the redemption of our remaining 2021 senior notes at par ahead of
schedule in August using cash on hand, which should reduce interest expense beyond the third quarter.

Our effective tax rate for the second quarter came in better than expected at approximately 22%,
benefiting from several onetime discrete items. Based on our anticipated geographic earnings mix, we
expect our third quarter effective tax rate to be approximately 25%.

Capital expenditures for the quarter were approximately $190 million and will continue to ramp up for the
remainder of the year. However, we will stay within our full year target of 5% to 6% of revenue.

Turning to cash flow, we generated $409 million of cash from operations and $265 million of free cash flow
during the second quarter. We believe that our year-to-date and expected earnings performance for the
remainder of the year, combined with efficient working capital management, should result in a full year
free cash flow of approximately $1.2 billion. The growth in earnings outlook that Jeff laid out positions us
well to grow our free cash flow over the next couple of years.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Now let me turn to our near-term outlook. In the international markets, we expect a steady increase in
activity as the rig counts continue to recover. In North America, we anticipate modest pricing improvement
and continued activity momentum in both completions and drilling, but sequential activity growth will be
slower than in prior quarters.

As a result, for our Completion and Production division, we anticipate high single-digit revenue growth
sequentially, with margins expected to modestly increase by 25 to 50 basis points. In our Drilling and
Evaluation division, we anticipate sequential revenue growth of 3% to 5% due to continued rig count
increases globally and a margin increase similar to that of our C&P division. I will now turn the call back
over to Jeff. Jeff?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Thanks, Lance. Before I wrap up our discussion today, I want to thank our employees for their terrific
execution on our value proposition, dedication to Halliburton and excellent service delivery for our
customers. Now let me summarize what we believe and expect will unfold.

We are in the early innings of a multiyear upcycle. As oil demand exceeds supply, the macro environment
will be constructive for both international and U.S. markets. Halliburton's unique value proposition,
integrated services portfolio and differentiated technologies position us to outperform in this market.
We have significant growth potential in new markets with our specialty chemicals and artificial lift
businesses. Our technical differentiation allows us to disproportionately benefit from equipment capacity
tightening across markets. Improved pricing, higher utilization and our significant operating leverage will
deliver strong incrementals for Halliburton in this upcycle. We will continue to execute on our strategic
priorities and remain committed to driving strong double-digit growth margin expansion, significant free
cash flow and returns for our shareholders as this multiyear upcycle unfolds. And now let's open it up for
questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from James West with Evercore ISI.

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Jeff, you gave a great outline of what you see as this multiyear expansion for the business. And we
certainly agree with what your you're suggesting. How do your customers -- when you're looking at the
mosaic of all your different customers and all the different regions, are they aligned with kind of that view
that it's time to get after it, we need to put some supply into the market and get going?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Look, I think what we're looking at today is the macro. When we talk to our customers, particularly
publics, they're going to do exactly what they've said they're going to do. And I think we see that playing
out. But we also have a good view of the macro in terms of supply and demand. And I think the -- from
that perspective, the planet will demand oil.

Where does it come from? Clearly, we've got line of sight to improving activity internationally. I described
that primarily with NOC. And yes, I think that it's not zeal. It's steady march to produce more barrels. And
then I think that the callback on the U.S. is simply going to be that -- that underinvestment that we've
seen for a number of years internationally, it doesn't just spring back into action. And I think that's very
positive for North America. So -- and from a customer perspective, obviously, the privates are much more
opportunistic around the support of oil price. So we see quite a bit of activity and outlook from them.

James Carlyle West
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Right. Right. And then as we think about the returns on the assets that you are putting into the field, right
now, we're probably at a suboptimal type of return level. So you need pricing to go up. And so what are
the levers? Or how quickly do you think pricing can move in this market to get back to what you want to
achieve to drive your returns higher?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Well, James, it's a process, and it's probably multiple iterations. But I think we're seeing net pricing, to a
certain degree today in the U.S., slow going, but moving. And as we work through into 2022, I expect that
continues to accelerate.

Internationally, I think it takes on the same type of dynamics that we saw in 2019 where markets,
individual markets, see tightness, see pricing. Large tenders remain very competitive. And from our
perspective, that worked well for Halliburton in '19 and into the first quarter of '20. And we've been very
clear, I think, about profitable growth. And so I think it's key. When I think about growth internationally,
the keyword there being profitable growth. And so that means that -- and we see multiple years of growth
in front of us and, for that reason, want to be deliberate about how we put equipment to work and make
money.

Operator

Our next question comes from David Anderson with Barclays.

John David Anderson
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Some clearly very bullish comments looking out over the next couple of years. I was wondering if you
could talk about maybe some of the signs that you're seeing on the international side, particularly with
the Middle East NOCs. Now you've talked about increased completion tool sales, some article lift contracts,
some other tenders. Yesterday, Aramco suggests maybe shifting $6 billion more into upstream. I was just
wondering when you start to see this inflect. And when does it come through? We haven't even seen the
rig count pick up. The 3Q guide indicates sort of a similar pace of activity from second quarter. But at the
same time, Middle feels like it should be leading that double-digit growth -- double-digit guidance next
year. I was wondering if you could just help me kind of understand that trajectory. Maybe -- it's obviously
not a very opaque -- or it's more of an opaque market. Can you just help us kind of see what you're
seeing in that part of the world?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. I mean what we see is, let's say, broadly Middle East adding activity, adding it sort of as we speak,
but more so focused towards next year. So I think that we see -- well, I think second half to second half,
we're going to be up probably mid-double digits for 2021 versus 2020. So where does that come from? I
think that, that alone is increasing, and we see that sort of across the Middle East. But we also see it in --
Argentina is an example. We see it in other parts of the market. And so I think that, that gets traction and
continues to get traction as we go further into '22.

But the activity -- the demand signs are there now that we're seeing, and I think we see growth. But
I think that continues to accelerate as we get into '22, '23. But it doesn't necessarily overcome all
the underinvestment. So I think that there's work to be done to -- we have to grow that business for
operators to grow production. I think we see signs of growth now.

But I think it will be more pronounced in '22. And we've described '21 as a transition year. And so we still
see COVID slowdowns in markets. There's a number of rigs that aren't working because they're not staffed
today, not by us, but just in general. And so that type of disruption is weighing down on things a bit, but I
fully expect us to work through that through the balance of '21.

John David Anderson
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Right. That's good to hear. Kind of a different topic. I just wanted to ask about kind of some of the
inflation that maybe you're seeing on the North American side, particularly maybe if it impacted your C&P
margins at all this quarter. I know you're not really seeing any net -- real net pricing right now. But I'm
just kind of curious what the E&Ps are seeing in terms of inflation. Are we talking like 5% these days?

And sort of around that same question, I'm wondering about labor. If we do see this increase next year
in E&P budgets and assuming completion crews are added over the next 12 months, the industry doesn't
really seem ready for that labor-wise. I'm just kind of curious how that inflation could kind of start working
its way through. And obviously, that could lead to net pricing at some point. But maybe just talk about
some of those components that you're seeing on the North America side, please.

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. I mean I can speak to what we see in terms of inflation and it's -- we saw inflation in many parts of
our business, whether it's maintenance in particular, cost of parts and people to do it. But we've also been
able to pass that along and, in certain cases, get -- I think as we get through the second half of this year,
we're seeing some net pricing now. And I think we'll see more of that more so as we go into 2022. But the
ability to recover inflation is an important step also.

And the range, is it 5% to 10%, 5%? It moves all around depending on the category. From a people
perspective, we've been able to staff our equipment. We've got a very large footprint and have access to
lots of people. And so yes, we have seen some attrition or turnover, but we have also been able to replace
folks fairly efficiently.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Operator

Next question comes from Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America.

Chase Mulvehill
BofA Securities, Research Division

I guess first thing, I really appreciate you guys kind of giving some visibility over your outlook for the next
couple of years on kind of top line and margins. And kind of looking back, if we were to go back to kind
of pre kind of 2014 levels and basically look at the prior decade, you sustained 20% plus EBITDA margins
for basically a decade, and that even includes the 20 -- the 2009 downturn. And so you've given us
guidance that EBITDA margins will get comfortably above 20% over the next couple of years. So I guess
2 questions. Number one, at what -- when do you think we will get back to that 20% EBITDA mark? Are
you comfortable that it's first half of next year, second half of next year? And then once we get there, how
sustainable is 20% EBITDA margins? We haven't been above 20% since before 2014. But how sustainable
do you think the 20% EBITDA margins will be over the next cycle?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. Thanks. The -- look, I think I've given you my outlook over the next couple of years. And so over
that period of time, we approach and then exceed those numbers that we got to in 2016. I think the
most important part of this is the sustainability of that. And I feel like we see the strengthening macro
and our unique competitive position in the marketplace very sustainable. I mean I think we're back on to
footing that we have to produce more of the things that we do to create value become more important
and that's -- an example being the technology and our equipment in North America or our drilling
technology, different elements of technology, whether it's digital or lift. But all of those things are what are
so important in a market that requires more barrels. And that's what we see unfolding. And so I think very
sustainable. I've described it as the early innings. I think these are the early innings of at least a 9-inning
game to be played. And so I am really convicted and excited about the outlook.

Chase Mulvehill
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. All right. A quick follow-up. You've given us this couple year outlook. Obviously, that's going to lead
to some pretty strong free cash flow. You're paying down the 2021 notes here. So what's the plan for
excess free cash flow as we kind of get into 2022 and leverage ratios get to more comfortable levels? Is it
a dividend bump, a special dividend, buybacks, M&A or just maybe just build cash on the balance sheet?

Lance Loeffler
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Chase, this is Lance. I'll take that. Look, I think you're right. I mean in the near term, we're focused
on trimming our debt levels. I think that, that focus -- a good example of that focus was what we plan to
do this month or early next actually with the $500 million maturity that we have coming due, paying it
down with cash.

Look, I think we're getting to a point where we're continuing to strive to cut our debt levels to get back to
that 2x debt-to-EBITDA leverage ratio that we've talked about before. But I mean, I think we are getting
to a point where we intend to return more cash to shareholders, whether in the form of a dividend or a
share repurchase. Not willing to commit to that at this point, but it's certainly something that we think is
an and type scenario. So we continue to trim our level of debt and improve the level of cash that we send
back to shareholders.

Operator

Our next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citigroup.

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

I wanted to get some more color on the encouraging pricing trends here in North America. So the net
pricing that you're garnering, is that going to impact margins much in the second half? I ask because
when you look at the 3Q guide, the embedded incrementals look to be kind of in the order of 20-ish
percent. I would just think it'd be something greater than that if it was really having a big impact. Is there
just a time lag here? Are there other offsets maybe on equipment sales? Or do we just really need to see a
little bit more activity growth to see pricing take a bigger lag higher into '22?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. As I said, it's not across the board. It is a process. But we are seeing net pricing in certain pockets
and certain things today, and I expect that, that accelerates, as I said, into 2022. But clearly, let's --
like ESG-friendly equipment, that is in very short supply. We have a leading position in dual fuel electric
Tier 4 also. And so in all those categories, that's what the market demands and that's an -- structurally,
because of our large footprint there, we have a structurally differentiated position. But that equipment
isn't everywhere, and that equipment is some under contract. Some is not -- is moving.

And so I think what's important at this point is that we're negotiating up and not down. And that's sort of
a different dialogue than what we've had, and that's what we're seeing today. So does that -- do you see
all of that in Q3? Absolutely not. But what you do is you see us on a journey now that's different than the
one that we've been on, and that's where we are.

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

That's great to hear. Great to hear. And then turning to the digital contract wins, which were great to see.
A couple of questions there on the impact on margins. First, just so we can dimension it, do the digital
revenues and margin all flow through D&E? Or when you have completion of production apps, do some of
that hit C&P? And then more importantly, how do you think about the real timing and magnitude of the
benefit to margins? Is there much of a benefit during the second half through the initial deployment and
scaling up in places like Kuwait? Or is it more to come in '22 and '23?

And then particularly for D&E, it's been a segment where you guys have been pushing to structurally lift
margins over the last couple of years. How do the digital wins and the digitization of the industry and
Halliburton's participation really push where the D&E margin could go on a more normalized basis as we
get deep into recovery?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Well, thank you. When we think about digital, digital margin impact is across the business. Obviously, the
software sales and the cloud-native apps are in D&E. But more broadly, digital capability affects the whole
business. And so that's behind our answer products, so tools like EarthStar and our SmartFleet. All of
those are a byproduct of having digital capability in the company. In fact, the capacity to develop software
at scale is pretty unique, and that is what allows that to happen.

The third way we consume software, and this has an impact also on the entire business, is the ability to
consume the solutions ourselves and reduce our own costs. So I would argue a large part of our ability
to, for example, last year, reduce the roofline by 50% was rooted in our ability to do things digitally that
removed many steps and changed the processes and took people out. And so that's why I'm careful
how we describe that. I think that clearly, it's a contribution to D&E. But I would say that the contracts
we've described are all good contracts, but they ramp up. I meant by ramp up, they get started. It's a
consultative process. And so I would expect later this year really more so into '22 and beyond. And I think
these build one on top of another and become very sustainable over time, less of a sort of pop all at once,
but sort of building into larger projects over time.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ian MacPherson with Piper Sandler.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Ian MacPherson
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

So the one question I had, Jeff, is when you look at double-digit trajectory for synchronized expansion
for North America and international, just given the strong command that OPEC+ has over the oil market
over the intermediate term, what type of call on U.S. production growth are you contemplating, which
underpins your North American outlook for the next couple of years?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Well, we think that some of what we've seen over the last couple of days, I think, lays out a path for
OPEC. And so that's, to a certain degree, defined. If we look at pent-up demand for oil at least today, the
-- if we look at the pent-up demand that we see for oil today, we're at 98 million barrels a day now. The
economy feels more than 2 million barrels shut in to me. In fact, probably 4 million barrels consumed in
aviation alone. And so I think there's a normalized level of spare capacity that's expected.

And so then when we think, okay, North America, what happens there? Well, we're up 10% year-on-year.
And I think the expectation's that production is largely flat for this year. I would expect that there would
be a call of 500,000 barrels, some number like that, some level of growth that would be called on in 2022
that the price clearly supports, which would then drive more activity for us certainly. And we have to -- in
that mix is stemming the decline curve that is always working on North America production. So those are
the things that underpin our outlook, Ian.

Ian MacPherson
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Got it. And then staying on the domestic pressure pumping side, we're obviously beginning to see some of
the smaller competitors announce firm plans and sort of abstract plans for renewing their fleets with clean
fleet, different iterations of it. In your view, is that coming earlier than you would like to see it? Or do you
think that the market is ready to support the pricing and the returns for that equipment at the scale that
we've already seen over the last few months? And do you -- should we expect Halliburton, within your 5%
to 6% CapEx envelope, to march along at that same industry cadence with new clean fleet investment?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Well, look, we always look at our -- we're fortunate today that we have one of the youngest fleets in the
market. And -- but as we replace equipment, we also have a large fleet. And so as we systematically
replace equipment, we have a choice to make. So what type of equipment do we replace it with. And it's
a combination generally of electric or dual fuel. But I think that our steady drumbeat of replacements and
within our 5% to 6% of capital spend, we were able to meet demand and also at terms that are adequate.
And -- but I think those 2 things have to be in place. Fortunately, we're in a position where we are able to
deliver those things today. I say today, but today and over the near term with -- from operations. Remains
to be seen the pace at which all of that can happen in the market given where sort of broadly, that market
stands today in terms of returns. So without the returns, it's not -- we wouldn't be investing in these
types of equipment at all. Fortunately, we're in a position to do so and do it ratably along with our sort of
planned replacement cycle.

Operator

Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Congrats on a good quarter here. I have a really high-level question. It's been a tough 10 years for the
energy sector, but it's been an even tougher period of time for oil services relative to the rest of energy.
Just Jeff, as a leader of this industry, what do you think the key is to track the generalist investor back into

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

this vertical within the space? Do you think it's about earnings execution? Is it about returns on capital? Or
is it about returning excess capital to shareholders or return of capital?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Well, Neil, it has to be all 3 of those. But I think it starts with some clarity around what is the trajectory
over time that's sustainable as opposed to all of the ups and downs that we seem to have had sort of
intra-period gyrations. And I think what's shaping up today, as I described it, is a more sort of predictable,
sustainable trajectory. And that's what we see out over the next couple of years and really beyond that
just because I think we've been through a lot of the overcapitalization. There's been underinvestment for
a long enough period of time, particularly in the resource that as demand recovers, which it will recover, I
think there's a solid opportunity set for our services.

Now within that, obviously, I have a view that -- and believe firmly that our competitive positioning is
different also. And because of that, Halliburton is in -- has tools, whether it's our value proposition, our
technology or sort of our portfolio and how it's placed to maximize value in North America, which we've
always been clear on. We want to maximize value in North America and grow profitably internationally.
And I think both those macros are set up perfectly for doing that. And so as a generalist, there's some
clarity around where we're going. We've got some track record of where we've been, where we're going.
And I think that sets up well for a generalist investor.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Yes. And so then the follow-up on that on return of capital, if you look at the energy sector, S&P energy
sector, it trades at a 4.5% dividend yield. How do you think about Halliburton's value proposition on
a multiyear basis around return of capital, whether through dividends or through buybacks? Do you
ultimately need to be offering a total return of capital yield that's far in excess to the market, given the
questions about the terminal value of the business?

Lance Loeffler
Executive VP & CFO

Well, I think, look, I think -- Neil, I think it's a great question. And I think that we're going to continue to
reevaluate what it means for us in the near term as we continue to grow into this recovery. We certainly
believe that we need to improve those yields today on a dividend basis. But we're going to continue to
look at and get comfortable with the forward free cash flow profile, what we think that this business,
we believe, can generate in these out-years that Jeff discussed. But clearly, we believe it requires
improvement from where we are today.

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Then maybe one follow-on to that, Neil. The -- strategically, we have changed the cash flow profile of our
business. And that's the shift from 10% -- 10% to 11% of revenues going into capital, down to the 5% to
6%. But what that does is that sets Halliburton up to do those things. And so I think it's -- our view and
the change in our cash flow profile certainly aid that process.

Operator

Our next question comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan.

Arun Jayaram
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

My first question relates to just the activity mix in the U.S. The privates have added more than 70% of
the incremental rigs since the activity bottomed mid-last year. I guess my first question is what is your
expectation around, call it, the mix of public company activity next year once some of the OPEC barrels
are returned? And do you think that a higher mix of public company activity is -- are you indifferent about

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

that? Or do you think it's helpful to your revenue growth and margin opportunities relative to industry next
year?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Look, I think we -- we will always look for the best return opportunity for us. I think operators have
not said anything about next year, and I'm not going to project what they might say. I think I have a --
we can see what the demand sort of looks like to us as we look out into next year. But I also think that
every operator will make their own decisions around how they deploy their capital. Overall, a supportive
commodity price, which we see, creates headroom for our clients to do work and return cash to their
shareholders, which is important for them to do. So I think the improving commodity price and the
structural sort of support that we will see in the commodity price makes all of that work as we go into
2022. Stay tuned.

Arun Jayaram
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. Got it. Just my follow-up. We had a dynamic, particularly in the U.S., where budget exhaustion has
led to some frac holidays, which has obviously been a headwind. How are you -- how is Halliburton looking
to mitigate that risk as we approach the back half and the fourth quarter kind of given that dynamic?

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Look, I think operators are going to do exactly what they said they would do. And so we really haven't
seen budget exhaustion to this point, haven't talked about it. And I think that is because operators are
ratably doing exactly what they said they were going to do. So I don't anticipate that we see any of that or
much of that this year.

And I'd say the other thing that we've done is we've done a lot of work to variable-ize our business such
that when we see slowdowns or holes or anything else, we're able to respond to it very, very quickly as
opposed to how we might have done it in the past. And that all is process change and really philosophy
change, but it's working quite well. And so I think we'll have a solid sort of working through the balance of
the year just because of the clarity that our clients have and providing to us.

Operator

Our next question comes from Connor Lynagh with Morgan Stanley.

Connor Joseph Lynagh
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I wanted to return to the multiyear outlook you guys gave. And basically, what I'm wondering is, certainly,
I know you want to stick to the ranges you put out there for capital expenditures. But I would assume
there's a certain degree of growth investment required to realize that. So I was wondering if you could
discuss just where you plan on allocating capital, what some of the big areas that you think are sort of
priorities within the business over the next couple of years here.

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. Well, look, I think that as we look out, I believe that we've got the opportunity to meet those
expectations within the guidance that we provided with respect to CapEx. I think there is growth CapEx
in that sort of 5% to 6% range that we've provided. For example, if I look back over the last 5 years,
asset turns have improved by 50%. I mean that's strong improvement. But this is back to my commentary
around strategically approaching capital efficiency. So as we are very sharp around -- our R&D dollars
drive capital efficiency. Our process drives capital efficiency, and those are the kind of results we see in
terms of capital efficiency. And so we will continue to drive that as the market expands over the next

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

couple of years. And really, strategically, that becomes our operating process, and I expect we'll continue
to do that.

Connor Joseph Lynagh
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. Sort of similar question here. But just in terms of thinking about particularly your labor pool and,
I guess, your overhead in international markets, so certainly, you've rightsized in select areas, but you're
anticipating a pretty big recovery here. I guess I'm just curious, it seems like in the outlook, there's an
acceleration in incremental margins as you get out into some of the later years. Is that because you have
sort of excess labor that's going to be more highly utilized? Is that because of the pricing that you're
anticipating? Just curious what the big drivers are of that improvement in incremental margins.

Lance Loeffler
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Look, Connor, I think it's less about cost savings structurally. I think it's more about volume of activity
combined with price, right? So it's volume, utilization and pricing improvement throughout the course of
that journey that Jeff sort of outlined.

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. I mean we're always working on costs. I think cost is -- we've got a continuous improvement program
where we're constantly driving, managing costs down. And I believe that, that program and our approach
to that is adequate. As we grow, we will manage the costs. But clearly, we expect to see tightness in
pricing and more activity over time that all drives incrementals.

Operator

Thank you. That concludes the question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Jeff
Miller for closing remarks.

Jeffrey Allen Miller
President, CEO & Chairman

Yes. Thanks, Shannon. Before we end the call, let me close with this. We are in the early innings of an
unfolding multiyear upcycle that presents growth opportunities for Halliburton internationally and in North
America. Those opportunities match Halliburton's unique customer-focused value proposition and our
position as the only fully integrated energy services company in both international and North American
markets. And as this unfolds, we remain committed to driving returns and free cash flow for Halliburton
shareholders. I'm optimistic about what lies ahead and look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
Shannon, please close out the call.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HALLIBURTON COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 20, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

