Hess Corporation NYSE:HES
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, October 28, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(0.67)

(0.71)

Revenue  (mm)

1135.15

1176.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-27-2020 9:04 AM GMT

NM

3.60

0.00

(2.26)

(2.27)

1441.42

4840.92

4462.17

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

(0.48)

(0.61)

(1.12)

(0.67)

(0.60)

(0.60)

(1.05)

(0.71)

NM

NM

NM

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HESS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration &
Production

Jay R. Wilson
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Robert Alan Brackett
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Ryan M. Todd
Simmons & Company
International, Research Division

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

John P. Rielly
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Arun Jayaram
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Brian Arthur Singer
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

David Martin Heikkinen
Pickering Energy Partners Insights

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

Jeanine Wai
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and
Markets, Research Division

Pavel S. Molchanov
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HESS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2020 Hess Corporation Conference
Call. My name is Andrew, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this
conference is being recorded for replay purposes.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please
proceed.

Jay R. Wilson
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our third quarter
earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website at
www.hess.com.

Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of
the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties
that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks
include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess' annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC.

Also on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation
of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP
financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website.

As usual, with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and
John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer.

I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our third quarter conference call. I hope you and your families are well
and staying healthy during these challenging times. Today, I will provide an update on our progress in
executing our strategy in the current low oil price environment. Then Greg Hill will discuss our operations,
and John Rielly will review our financial results.

Before we address this quarter, I would like to talk briefly about the macro outlook for oil and how it
informs our strategy. The International Energy Agency just published its 2020 World Energy Outlook, that
provides an aggressive sustainable development scenario in which, if all the pledges of the Paris Climate
Agreement were met, oil and gas would still be 46% of the energy mix in 2040. The energy transition will
take time, and major breakthroughs in technology will be needed.

While we need policies to encourage renewable energy to battle climate change, oil and gas will be needed
for many decades to come and will continue to be fundamental to world economic growth and human
prosperity. The key for our company is to have a low cost of supply in any price environment. By investing
only in high-return, low-cost opportunities, we have built a differentiated portfolio of assets that we
believe will provide industry-leading cash flow growth over the course of the decade, which is superior to
our peers and to most companies in the S&P 500.

Our portfolio is underpinned by significant cash engines in the Bakken, Deepwater Gulf of Mexico and
Southeast Asia as well as multiple phases of low-cost Guyana oil developments, which we believe will
drive our company's breakeven price to under $40 per barrel Brent by mid-decade. To realize our long-
term strategy, we must manage the short-term challenges facing our industry. Our priorities during this

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HESS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

low-price environment are to preserve cash, preserve capability and preserve the long-term value of our
assets.

In terms of preserving cash, we came into 2020 with approximately 80% of our oil production hedged with
put options for 130,000 barrels per day at $55 per barrel West Texas intermediate and 20,000 barrels per
day at $60 per barrel Brent. To enhance cash flow and maximize the value of our production, in March
and April, when U.S. oil storage was near capacity, we chartered 3 very large crude carriers or VLCCs to
store 2 million barrels each of May, June and July Bakken crude oil production. The first VLCC cargo of 2.1
million barrels was sold in China at a premium to Brent in September. The second and third VLCC cargoes
are expected to be sold in Asia by the end of the year.

We have also reduced our 2020 capital and exploratory budget by 40% from $3 billion to our current
revised guidance of $1.8 billion, primarily by reducing our Bakken rig count from 6 to 1, and we reduced
our full year 2020 cash operating costs by $275 million. At the end of September, we had $1.28 billion of
cash, a $3.5 billion undrawn revolving credit facility and no debt maturities until the term loan comes due
in 2023.

In terms of preserving capability, we have been operating 1 rig in the Bakken since May, down from 6 rigs
at the beginning of the year to maintain the lean manufacturing capabilities and innovative practices that
Greg and his team have built for over more than 10 years. Our plan is to remain at 1 rig until oil prices
approach $50 per barrel WTI. Before reducing the rig count, we achieved our goal of 200,000 barrels of oil
equivalent per day, 6 months ahead of schedule.

In addition, our Bakken team has cut our average drilling and completion costs below $6 million per well,
and we continue to see further opportunities for cost reductions.

In terms of preserving the long-term value of our assets, Guyana, with its low cost of supply and industry-
leading financial returns, remains our top priority. We are very pleased that on September 30, the
government of Guyana approved the development plan for the Payara field, the third oil development on
the Stabroek block, where Hess has a 30% interest, and ExxonMobil is the operator. Payara is targeted for
first oil in 2024, and we expect to have at least 5 FPSOs on the block producing more than 750,000 gross
barrels of oil per day by 2026.

The 3 sanctioned oil developments, Liza 1, which is producing; and Liza 2 in Payara, which are in
construction, have breakeven Brent oil prices of between $25 and $35 per barrel, which are world-class by
any measure.

On September 8, we also announced the Redtail and Yellowtail 2 discoveries, bringing total discoveries on
the block to 18. Incorporating the current assessment of additional volumes from the Redtail, Yellowtail
2 and Uaru discoveries. We are increasing the estimate of gross discovered recoverable resources for the
Stabroek block to approximately 9 billion barrels of oil equivalent. We also now see the potential for up to
10 FPSOs to develop the current discovered recoverable resource base.

We announced on October 5, an agreement to sell our 28% working interest in the Shenzi field in the
Deepwater Gulf of Mexico to BHP Billiton, the fields operator, for a total consideration of $505 million at an
effective date of July 1, 2020. This transaction brings value forward in a low price environment and further
strengthens our cash and liquidity position until the Liza Phase 2 development in Guyana comes online in
early 2022. We expect to close the transaction before the end of the year.

Our strategy will continue to be guided by our company's long-standing commitment to sustainability,
which we believe creates value for all our stakeholders. Earlier this month, the transition pathway
initiative, or TPI, published its 2020 report on the progress of 163 energy companies in transitioning to
a low-carbon economy and supporting efforts to mitigate climate change in line with the task force on
climate-related financial disclosures or TCFD recommendations.

In TPI's 2020 report, Hess is the only U.S. oil and gas company to achieve a level 4 star rating, which
is only awarded to companies that demonstrably manage climate-related risks and opportunities from a
governance, operational and strategic perspective and satisfy all TPI management quality criteria.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HESS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

In summary, we continue to execute our long-term strategy, delivering strong operational performance
while prioritizing the preservation of cash, capability and the long-term value of our assets during this
low price environment. As a result, Hess is uniquely positioned to deliver industry-leading cash flow
growth and financial returns over the decade. As our portfolio generates increasing free cash flow, we will
prioritize debt reduction and increasing cash returns to our shareholders.

I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

Thanks, John. In the third quarter, we once again delivered strong operational performance. Company-
wide net production averaged 321,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, which was
within our guidance range of 320,000 to 325,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Bakken net production
averaged 198,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up 21% from the prior year quarter and above our
guidance of approximately 185,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Our strong Bakken performance
offset hurricane-related downtime in the Gulf of Mexico, where production for the quarter averaged
49,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, just below our guidance range of 50,000 to 55,000 barrels of oil
equivalent per day.

In the fourth quarter, we expect company-wide net production to be approximately 300,000 barrels of
oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. This guidance assumes that the Shenzi sale closes December 1,
and that transitory hurricane-related impacts in the Gulf of Mexico will reduce production in the fourth
quarter by approximately 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We anticipate all hurricane recovery
work to be completed before the end of the year, which will allow our shed in Gulf of Mexico production to
be fully restored. For the full year 2020, our net production guidance is approximately 325,000 barrels of
oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, compared to our previous guidance of 330,000 net barrels of oil
equivalent per day.

Moving to the Bakken. In the third quarter, we drilled 6 wells and brought 22 new wells online. For the
fourth quarter, we expect to drill 6 wells and bring 11 new wells online. And for the full year 2020, we still
expect to drill 70 wells and bring 110 new wells online.

In the third quarter, efficiency gains enabled us to further reduce our average drilling and completion
cost per well to $5.9 million, which we believe is top quartile for the Bakken. Through the continued
application of technology and lean manufacturing techniques, we expect to reduce our D&C costs even
further. For the fourth quarter, we expect Bakken net production to average between 180,000 and 185,000
barrels of oil equivalent per day. For the full year 2020, we now expect Bakken net production to average
approximately 190,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up from our previous guidance of 185,000 barrels
of oil equivalent per day. Although we have a large inventory of future drilling locations that generate good
financial returns at current prices to preserve capital discipline and keep the asset free cash flow positive.
We plan to maintain a 1-rig program until oil prices approach $50 per barrel WTI. Operating a single rig
allows us to preserve our lean manufacturing capability that we have worked hard to build over the years,
both with in-house and among our primary drilling and completion contractors.

Moving to the offshore. The Gulf of Mexico has felt the effects of 7 named storms this season, including
Hurricane Zeta, which is currently in the Gulf that have disrupted operations across the industry.
Production from the Conger and Llano field is expected to remain shut in for approximately 40 and 75
days, respectively, during the fourth quarter due to Hurricane recovery work and the Penn state 6-well will
remain shut in until a workover can be completed in December.

In the fourth quarter, Gulf of Mexico net production is expected to average approximately 40,000 barrels
of oil equivalent per day. And for the full year 2020, we expect net production to be in the range of 55,000
to 60,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, down from our previous guidance of 65,000 barrels of oil
equivalent per day. Again, we expect all hurricane-impacted production to be fully restored before the end
of the year. Also in the Gulf, in September, the Esox-1 well reached a gross peak rate of approximately
17,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day or 9,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day net to Hess. The
BP operated Galapagos deep exploration well, in which Hess held a 25% working interest, was not a

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HESS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

commercial success. The data from this well in the play will be incorporated into the continued assessment
of our acreage position in the Cretaceous, which remains highly prospective.

Moving to the Gulf of Thailand. Net production in the third quarter increased to an average of 50,000
barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 44,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter
as a result of higher nominations. We expect fourth quarter net production to be flat with the third quarter
at approximately 50,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting continued COVID uncertainties.

Our guidance for full year 2020 net production is now approximately 50,000 barrels of oil equivalent per
day compared to our previous guidance range of 50,000 to 55,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.

Now turning to Guyana. In the third quarter, gross production from Liza Phase 1 averaged 63,000 barrels
of oil per day or 19,000 barrels of oil per day net to Hess. Ongoing work to complete commissioning of
the natural gas injection system continues. And once complete, we'll enable the Liza destiny floating
production storage in an offloading vessel or FPSO to reach its nameplate capacity of 120,000 gross
barrels of oil per day in December. It is important to note that the delays in commissioning the gas
injection system are mechanical in nature, and the reservoirs and wells continue to deliver at or above
expectations. The design one, build many concept for the FPSOs will allow the learnings to be captured
and applied to future projects. Production from the vessel has been averaging approximately 105,000
barrels of oil per day for the last few weeks.

The Liza Phase 2 development is progressing to plan, with approximately 80% of the overall topsides, hole
and subsea work completed. The project will have a gross production capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per
day and remains on track for first oil by early 2022.

In September, we announced the final investment decision to proceed with the development of the Payara
field. Payara will utilize the prosperity FPSO, which will have the capacity to produce up to 220,000 gross
barrels of oil per day and will initially target a resource base of about 600 million barrels of oil. First oil is
expected in 2024. Ten drill centers are planned with a total of 41 wells, including 20 production wells and
21 injection wells.

Also in December, we announced the 17th and 18th discoveries on the Stabroek block offshore Guyana.
The Yellowtail-2 well encountered 69 feet of high-quality oil-bearing reservoir adjacent to and below the
Yellowtail-1 discovery. In addition, the Redtail-1 well encountered approximately 232 feet of high-quality
oil-bearing reservoir. The well is located approximately 1.5 miles northwest of the Yellowtail discovery.
A drill stem test is planned at Redtail in the fourth quarter. These discoveries further demonstrate the
significant exploration potential of the block and contribute to the discovered recoverable resource
estimate increasing to approximately 9 billion barrels of oil equivalent and will likely form the basis of our
fourth development on the block.

In terms of exploration, the Stena Carron drillship is currently drilling the Tanager-1 well on the Kaieteur
Block, approximately 46 miles northwest of Liza. This well, which is the deepest well drilled offshore
Guyana, is designed to penetrate multiple geologic intervals, including the Campanian, Santonian and
tronian. The next exploration well on the Stabroek Block will be Hassa-1, which will target Campanian age
reservoirs approximately 30 miles east of the Liza field. This well should spud near the end of the year,
and we expect results during the first quarter.

Before I leave Guyana, I think it's important to remind you of what makes the Stabroek Block so unique.
First, it's size and scale. The block is 6.6 million acres, which is equivalent in size to 1,150 Gulf of Mexico
blocks. So far, we have drilled 20 prospects and have made 18 discoveries, that contain approximately
9 billion barrels of recoverable oil and gas resources with multibillion barrels of exploration potential
remaining. Secondly, it's world-class reservoir quality with exceptional permeability and porosity that
results in high flow rates and high-recovery factors. Third, the reservoirs are shallow, and there's no
salt, that allows us to drill wells in a fraction of the time and cost of other deepwater basins. Fourth,
there's a production-sharing contract with a competitive cost recovery mechanism. Fifth, development is
occurring at the bottom of the offshore cost cycle, excess capacity throughout the offshore supply chain
greatly reduces the risk of project delays and cost overruns. Sixth, ExxonMobil is arguably the best project
manager in the world for this type of development, and their operatorship greatly reduces execution risk.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HESS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

And finally, its low-cost of supply. The first 3 developments have industry-leading Brent breakeven prices
of between $25 and $35 per barrel. For all these reasons, Guyana will create extraordinary long-term
value for our shareholders and for the citizens of Guyana.

In closing, I'd like to recognize our team for delivering strong results across our portfolio, while ensuring
the safety of our workforce and the communities in the midst of a pandemic and a challenging hurricane
season in the Gulf of Mexico.

I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.

John P. Rielly
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the third quarter of 2020 to the second
quarter of 2020. We incurred a net loss of $243 million in the third quarter of 2020 compared with a net
loss of $320 million in the second quarter. Excluding items affecting comparability of earnings between
periods, we incurred an adjusted net loss of $216 million in the third quarter.

Turning to E&P. On an adjusted basis, E&P incurred a net loss of $156 million in the third quarter of 2020
compared to a net loss of $249 million in the previous quarter. The changes in the after-tax components
of adjusted E&P results between the third quarter and the second quarter of 2020 were as follows:
higher realized selling prices improved results by $134 million; higher sales volumes improved results
by $33 million; higher exploration expenses reduced results by $40 million; higher cash costs, driven by
production taxes, reduced results by $23 million; higher DD&A expense reduced results by $6 million; all
other items reduced results by $5 million for an overall increase in third quarter results of $93 million.

As John mentioned earlier, we sanctioned the Payara field development in September. The corporation's
net share of development costs, excluding presanction costs and FPSO purchase costs, is forecast to be
approximately $1.8 billion, which is consistent with the projections from our December 2018 Investor Day
presentation. The timing of the FPSO purchase is still being evaluated. Our net share of development cost
is forecast to be approximately $250 million in 2021, $450 million in 2022, $500 million in 2023, $300
million in 2024 and $225 million in 2025.

Now turning to Midstream. The Midstream segment had net income of $56 million in the third quarter of
2020 compared to $51 million in the previous quarter, reflecting higher throughput volumes. Midstream
EBITDA before noncontrolling interest amounted to $180 million in the third quarter of 2020 compared to
$172 million in the previous quarter. For corporate, on an adjusted basis, after tax corporate and interest
expenses were $116 million in the third quarter of 2020 compared to $122 million in the previous quarter.

Turning to our financial position. At quarter end, excluding Midstream, cash and cash equivalents were
approximately $1.3 billion, and our total liquidity was $4.8 billion, including available committed credit
facilities, while debt and finance lease obligations totaled $6.6 billion. Our fully undrawn $3.5 billion
revolving credit facility is committed through May 2023.

Net cash provided by operating activities before changes in working capital was $468 million in the third
quarter compared with $301 million in the previous quarter, primarily due to higher realized selling prices.
In the third quarter, net cash provided from operating activities after changes in working capital was
$136 million compared with $266 million in the prior quarter. Changes in working capital during the third
quarter decreased cash flow from operating activities by $332 million, primarily due to a reduction in
payables, reflecting reduced operating activity levels and the temporary increase in accounts receivable
and inventory resulting from our VLCC transactions, which will reverse over the next 2 quarters.

We have hedged over 80% of our remaining crude oil production for 2020. At September 30, 2020, the
fair value of open hedge contracts was approximately $205 million, while realized settlements on closed
contracts during the first 9 months of the year were approximately $700 million. Proceeds from the sale
of the first VLCC cargo of 2.1 million barrels of oil were received in October, and proceeds from the sale of
the second and third VLCC cargoes totaling 4.2 million barrels of oil are expected to be received in the first
quarter of 2021.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HESS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

During the fourth quarter, we expect to close on the sale of our working interest in the Shenzi field for
total consideration of $505 million with an effective date of July 1, 2020. The proceeds from the Shenzi
sale will allow us to fund our Guyana investment program in a $40 oil price environment through the
start-up of Liza Phase 2 with cash flow from operations and cash on hand. As Phase 2 comes online, our
operations in Guyana will begin to generate free cash flow for the corporation, even in a $40 oil price
environment. And depending on commodity prices at that time, the corporation will begin generating free
cash flow between 2022 and 2024. As we generate free cash flow, we plan to first reduce debt and then
increase returns to shareholders.

Now turning to guidance. First for E&P. Our E&P cash costs were $9.86 per barrel of oil equivalent,
including Libya, and $9.69 per barrel of oil equivalent, excluding Libya, in the third quarter. We project E&P
cash costs, excluding Libya, to be in the range of $11 to $11.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the fourth
quarter, which reflects the impact of hurricane-related shutdowns in the Gulf of Mexico. Full year guidance
is unchanged at $9.50 to $10 per barrel of oil equivalent.

DD&A expense was $16.16 per barrel of oil equivalent in the third quarter. DD&A expense, excluding
Libya, is forecast to be in the range of $15.50 to $16 per barrel of oil equivalent for the fourth quarter and
in the range of $16 to $16.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year, which is in the lower end of our
previous guidance range. This results in projected total E&P unit operating costs, excluding Libya, to be in
the range of $26.50 to $27.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the fourth quarter and $25.50 to $26.50 per
barrel of oil equivalent for the full year.

Exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs, are expected to be in the range of $35 million to $40
million in the fourth quarter and approximately $135 million for the full year, which is down from previous
guidance of $140 million to $150 million. We expect to recognize an additional $7 million of dry hole costs
associated with the Galapagos deep well in the fourth quarter.

The Midstream tariff is projected to be approximately $240 million in the fourth quarter and approximately
$945 million for the full year, which is up from previous guidance of $905 million to $930 million.

E&P income tax expense, excluding Libya, is expected to be in the range of $10 million to $15 million for
the fourth quarter and $25 million to $30 million for the full year. Our crude oil hedge positions remain
unchanged. We expect that noncash option premium amortization will be approximately $95 million for the
fourth quarter and approximately $280 million for the full year.

Our E&P capital and exploratory expenditures are expected to be approximately $400 million in the
fourth quarter and approximately $1.8 billion for the full year, which is down from previous guidance of
approximately $1.9 billion, primarily from Guyana spend coming in under budget.

For Midstream, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be
approximately $55 million in the fourth quarter and approximately $220 million for the full year, which is
up from previous guidance of $195 million to $205 million.

For corporate, corporate expenses are estimated to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million for the
fourth quarter and $115 million to $120 million for the full year, which is in the lower end of our previous
guidance range. Interest expense is estimated to be approximately $95 million for the fourth quarter and
approximately $375 million for the full year, which is in the lower end of our previous guidance range.
This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the
operator.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HESS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

John Rielly probably is my first question. John, I'd like to ask you about the cash burn in the quarter pre
and post working capital. And how you think about the trajectory of balance sheet surety, if you like, going
through the end of the year? Because there's obviously a lot of moving parts with Shenzi and the VLCC
sales. So just how are you going to manage the balance sheet through the next phase of development in
Guyana, given what it looks like continued worsening in oil prices?

John P. Rielly
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, Doug. Thanks for the question. I guess what I want to start with is our cash position. So if you look
at September 30, we have approximately $1.3 billion of cash. And as we mentioned, we have the Shenzi
sale closing in the fourth quarter. So let me just use round numbers. You can take that $1.3 billion and
you add the Shenzi sale of $500 million to it on a pro forma basis, it gets you up to about $1.8 billion of
cash.

The next thing above and beyond what our cash flow from operations will be generating over the next
couple of quarters is the VLCC transactions. So we have not received any of that cash right now. And so
we have over 6 million barrels that we will be receiving cash for as these VLCC transactions close. One,
we've already closed. So we have that cash in October for that. The other 2, as we said, close around
the end of the year, so we'll probably get that early next year. But if you take that 6 million barrels times
current prices, I'll just round it down even and say it's $200 million. Therefore, you go from the $1.3
billion plus the $500 million at Shenzi, plus that $200 million, we essentially have $2 billion on a pro forma
basis of cash. So that's the first thing, I think, to start with. We've really put ourselves in a position with
that Shenzi sale and the VLCC transactions to actually act as a hedge here as we move into this next year
with this low price environment.

So starting with that $2 billion. The next thing, as you mentioned, was just to look at our quarter and our
cash flow. So after working capital, we had that reduction from working capital of $332 million. And if I
can just again use round numbers, about half of that is due to the VLCC transactions. We've got receivable
on the books, plus the inventory build from the crude oil going on the ships. That's just going to reverse
naturally, as I said, over the next 2 quarters. The other thing that we have in there is a reduction of
payables, and it's really just reducing operating activity levels. CapEx is coming down, all their costs are
coming down as we reduce activity, and now we're getting to a point where it's stabilizing, right? Our
capital levels you saw for the quarter down to $331 million in the third quarter.

So we'll be stabilizing. So we won't be having those pulls. And if prices do come back at some point and
activity levels, which they will increase at that point, we'll actually get some inflow from working capital.
It's just how it works. When the activity levels come down, you get a pull, and when activity levels go up,
you begin to get an inflow. So if you actually looked at our cash flow from operations, we had $468 million
there. And on our cash flow statement, you see the outflow for capital was $426 million.

So except for that temporary increase from the working capital, we actually exceeded our cash flow,
exceeded our capital. And basically, if you didn't have that working capital pull, we'd be kind of at a cash
flow breakeven for the quarter. So again, as we move forward, we're continuing to focus on reducing
capital and reducing costs and doing everything we can and getting our cash balance to a point that we
can withstand this low prices. And like I said, we're in a position even in this low price environment to fund
all the way through to Phase 2 when we get 60,000 barrels a day approximately of Brent-based production
coming into and generating cash flow for the corporation.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HESS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

So a really thorough explanation. The $2 billion number, I think, is what I was really looking at. My follow-
up is, John, this -- John Hess, this is probably a bit of a curveball really, but one of your competitor
companies the other day when announcing their acquisition pioneer talked about a handful of investable
E&Ps. And I'm glad to say that you were cited as one of them on a go-forward basis. But my question
is, when you look at consolidation across the sector, and clearly, Hess doesn't need to do anything given
Guyana. But from the point of view of lowering the cost base for the broader industry, I'm just curious
what your view is on Hess' participation, potentially one way or the other in the current consolidation wave
we seem to be undergoing right now. I'll leave it there.

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Yes, Doug, obviously, our first, second and third priority is to remain focused on executing our strategy,
which we believe will maximize value for our shareholders. We have built a high-quality and differentiated
portfolio that provides a long-term resource growth with a low-cost of supply. So we already are on that
trajectory for that low-cost of supply. We don't need M&A to get there. And it's underpinned obviously by
multiple phases of Guyana oil developments. And all of this together will position our company to deliver
industry-leading cash flow growth over the course of the decade.

Obviously, we're giving some guidance now of increasing our resource estimate in Guyana and Stabroek
Block to approximately 9 billion barrels of oil equivalent with the potential for 10 ships, not just 5 ships.
Obviously, a lot of work needs to be done to bring those forward. So we have a great hand to provide
industry-leading cash flow growth and at the same time, go down the cost curve, which will generate
industry-leading free cash flow with a passage of time. So we're always looking to optimize our portfolio,
but we see nothing in the M&A market that will compete for capital against our existing portfolio of high
return opportunities.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan Chase.

Arun Jayaram
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan. My first question really revolves around Payara. Greg, the F&D cost came
in a bit higher than buy-side expectations. So I was wondering if you can maybe put the budget in the
context around contingencies and any implications for Phase 4 or Phase 5 F&D or capital efficiency in
Guyana.

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

Yes. In terms of that guidance, I suggest that John Rielly addressed that.

John P. Rielly
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So Arun, as you know, as I said, the net development cost for Hess is $1.8 billion. So when you
gross that up, it's approximately $6 billion. We do have contingencies in our numbers for that. It's
especially fairly high contingencies early in the process, and it comes to that $6 billion on a gross up basis.
And the one thing you also have to add when you're doing the F&D is the ultimate purchase cost from the
FPSO. We did not include that in our numbers because that's still -- the timing of that is being evaluated
and the cost gets lower as you move out in time. So we don't know what that is.

Exxon, in its Phase 2 release, had the FPSO at approximately $1.6 billion, that's what they disclosed for
Phase 2. We expect it to be lower with synergies. So if I round that, it's $1.5 billion, so you get about
$7.5 billion there. And then we do have some presanction cost to add. And I know Exxon has got some

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HESS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

additional contingencies beyond that. But Exxon is -- we're really happy with them as an operator. They've
been performing great. And as part of that performance, they have been coming in under budget.

So what I was saying from that, the other thing that I want to add with Payara is all the costs and the
contingencies that we have in our numbers and the presanction costs and the expected FPSO cost is in
that calculation for the $32 Brent breakeven. So this truly is a world-class asset and adds to, obviously,
then it will be the third project in Guyana. And we're looking forward to doing the next project. After that,
it looks like it's going to be the greater Yellowtail area. And based on early drilling size that we see there,
we actually expect those costs to be lower than Payara, and probably the breakeven, therefore, will come
between $25 and $32 for the greater Yellowtail area.

Arun Jayaram
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. That's great color. My follow-up, John, is if you could give us some color. You touched upon this
in your prepared remarks on the FPSO-related CapEx. I believe the consortium did lease the destiny for
10 years with a 10-year option, but you do have a purchase option, which, I believe, lasts for up to 2
years. So I was wondering if you could provide the current thoughts on exercising the option. And are you
anticipating some of that FPSO-related CapEx to be incurred in 2021?

John P. Rielly
Executive VP & CFO

Okay. So at our -- at the current date right now, and Exxon, on behalf of the group, is discussing with
SBM, the date, the timing of purchasing all the FPSOs, and that would be Liza Phase 1, Phase 2 and
Payara. So as of right now, we do not expect any cost for purchase cost for Liza Phase 1 in 2021. But
again, the timing -- unfortunately, Arun, I can't really go much beyond that, that timing is still being
discussed, and part of the discussion is moving out some of the timing of the purchase of those FPSOs.
But nothing has been decided at this point. But right now, for 2021, it is not expected to have any
purchase cost in it.

Arun Jayaram
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And is it fair to say that the net to Hess that the purchase cost on the destiny would be around $250
million, just net to the Hess?

John P. Rielly
Executive VP & CFO

Okay. So depending on timing, it can vary. The earlier on, it could be somewhere closer to 300 -- still
under $300 million. And then it will decrease as you move out in time.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.

Brian Arthur Singer
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

My first topic is Guyana. With regards to the 9 billion BOE approximate estimate for discovered resource.
And then also, I think you mentioned you would believe that, that can support up to 10 FPSOs. So just
a couple of questions there. Number one, given that there's no longer, the greater than or the plus
sign there, can you just remind us what's in that and not in that relative to the recent discoveries? You
made some comments that it seems like Yellowtail and Redtail have been updated, but is there anything
that's not in that? And have there been any downward revisions to any of the past discoveries within the
approximately 9 billion BOE number. And then as it relates to the up to 10 FPSOs, how should we think
about a peak oil production number? Is it as easy as 180x 1 plus up to 220x 9? Or would you expect some
FPSOs to be in decline when later developments are brought online?

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HESS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Fair enough. Greg, do you want to tackle the resource number and what really was behind that?

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

Sure. Yes. So the upgrade from the greater than 8 to 9 really reflected the results of the drilling,
remember, in Uaru, Yellowtail-2 and Redtail-1. So a good portion of the results of that were included
in that 1 billion barrel, call it, resource upgrades. So that brings us close to being up to date. There's
obviously some additional upside to that number that we'll figure out with further testing and potential
appraisal in and around that area. So there's more upside coming on top of that number, but that really
reflects the results of those 3 wells.

And to your question on the 10 FPSOs, again, as John said in his opening remarks, we still have to do a
lot of engineering work on those 10 FPSOs. But I think this regular cadence of 1 a year, you could assume.
And then obviously, as you get further out in time, some of those earlier FPSOs could be in decline.
However, remember, we still have multibillion barrels of upside that hasn't been explored or appraised.

So how all that kind of works out and works as [ oilage ] fillers, new hubs, is yet to be determined. And I
think furthermore, Brian, if you think about the Santonian, remember, the Santonian is 3,000 feet deeper
than the Campanian, they currently represents that 9 billion barrels. And if you look at it on seismic, the
extent of the channel systems is as extensive or more extensive than the Campanian. And the industry
has got 5 penetrations in it, 2 on Stabroek Block and 3 in Suriname, obviously, on Apache's block.

So that will be a subject of a lot of exploration and appraisal drilling over the next couple of years. And
depending on how that turns out, the Santonian also as well as multibillion barrels of remaining upside in
the Campanian, all of that could be used as both oilage fillers and new hub class developments.

So I always like to say, Guyana is a story that's going to go on more than 10 years because of that
multibillion barrels of upside, and we haven't even scratched the surface of the Santonian yet, and we're in
early innings in the Campanian still.

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

And obviously, Greg gave great context, Brian. Obviously, we wanted our investors to know there's still
tremendous potential here, as Greg's talking about, but a lot more work needs to be done in terms of
exploration and appraisal to inform the specifics of the size of the ships, the timing of the ships. But
generally speaking, one year is a good estimate to think about. But the most important thing is we need
to work with the government, and we need to work with our partners. So it's still early days, but we want
people to realize. In 2018, I think the resource estimate was 4 billion barrels of oil equivalent, and that's
when we talked to at least 5 ships and at least 750,000 barrels a day. So we wanted investors to get an
update of what the potential number of ships could be based upon the resource upgrade that we're giving.
So a lot more work needs to be done, but it's obviously very exciting.

Brian Arthur Singer
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

That's great. And my follow-up is on more the financial side. Can you just talk about any updates to how
you're thinking about either maintenance capital or 2021 capital plans? And then in the context of some of
the balance sheet questions and free cash flow discussion earlier, how you think about hedging versus not
hedging into next year?

John P. Rielly
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So let me start with the capital. What we see now -- I mean, obviously, we're still going through
our budget process, and we'll give our final guidance on our January call. But we see 2021 capital being

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HESS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

comparable to 2020 as we move forward. And basically, you have Bakken because we went from 6 rigs to
1, their capital coming down and then with our Payara sanction adding some additional rigs next year for
development and expiration that Guyana's capital is going up. So those are the 2 big movements, but we
see it as being comparable.

And Brian, I get asked a lot on -- with the lower capital, 40% down this year, these maintenance capital
levels, and it is not actually because what happens from our standpoint. If we stay at 1 rig, there will
be some declines in the Bakken. And if we don't do tie back wells in the Gulf of Mexico, we will get
some decline there. But this is the uniqueness of Guyana, right? When we bring on Phase 2, it's, again,
approximately 60,000 barrels a day Brent equivalent type pricing for that production. So we're picking up
60,000 barrels a day there that offsets the declines in Bakken and Gulf of Mexico, then you have Payara,
2024. And then as both John and Greg were saying, we're kind of on pace for 1 year as you go after that.

So we can continue to actually grow at these lower capital levels. Southeast Asia stays flat at that $150
million to $200 million type level of capital. So we can have that about 65,000 barrels a day. So actually,
our maintenance capital levels would be a good bit lower than where we are at this lower level. So again,
it's uniqueness where we can grow, and it's just because Guyana's returns and the profile of it are so good
that we can grow and generate free cash flow because of the low-cost nature of these developments, the
low breakeven.

Sorry, I think you did -- you had one other question about hedging. So just to get to your hedging
question. So obviously, we continue to have the 130,000 barrels a day of put options at $55 WTI for the
remainder of 2020, and we have 20,000 barrels a day of our Brent put options at $60 for the remainder of
2020.

So as we move into 2021, we clearly would like to put on a hedge and put some insurance to put a floor
on for next year because we are still investing with this Guyana Phase 2 coming on in early 2022. So
we'd like to put a floor on. Now the great hedge position that we have for this year, the Shenzi sale, the
VLCC that I told you, have put us in a good position going into it. So there's no rush for us to have to get
hedges on right now. We'd like to use put options to give the full insurance, which obviously paid off this
year, put options are expensive due to the time value of money if you're further away from the period you
want to hedge and then obviously, you know where volatility is right now in the market. So you will see us
hedge. It could be later this year. It could be early in 2021, but you should look for us to put on a kind of a
significant, again, insurance position for a floor for us next year.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Jeanine Wai with Barclays.

Jeanine Wai
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

This is Jeanine Wai. In terms of Guyana, that's what my question is on. In terms of the Payara
development costs, I know you've touched on this already. We know that the aerial extent, it's a little
larger than the prior developments, which is contributing to the cost, but Payara also has more resource.
And I think I heard you mentioned earlier in the Q&A that the next phase is likely to be lower on the
breakeven. So I was just wondering, can you provide a little more color on this lower breakeven maybe in
terms of all the different moving pieces. Can you discuss how the Payara development could compare to
future development phases in terms of size and probably scope?

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Yes. I think, Greg, just hitting Yellowtail, both in terms of the thickness, aerial extent and what we've seen
with Redtail as well, just to give the context. We can't be more specific than that now. We still got the DST
to go on Redtail. But we're relatively optimistic about the economic attractiveness of that being the next
development.

Gregory P. Hill

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HESS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

COO & President of Exploration & Production

Sure. I think what the Yellowtail and the Redtail wells both showed, remember, Redtail is only 1.5 mile
from the Yellowtail well, is that the reservoir extent is very large. It's larger than we thought just based on
the results of the Yellowtail-1. So there's a huge resource base there. We know that the reservoir quality
is very similar to, I'll say, Liza-2, and also the crude quality is Liza-like. And so very bigger tanks, bigger
reservoirs in and around that greater Yellowtail area. And that's why John had mentioned, it will likely
have a lower development cost. It looks like you will probably need fewer wells to get the same amount of
resource. However, I will say, we've still got engineering work to do. We've got to get through our various
gates and our development process to be further definitive about that, but also because of the nature of
the PSC, you'll have more barrels on, which affects the rate of cost recovery, which will also tend to drive
that breakeven lower. But I think as you look at the reservoir of Yellowtail versus Payara, it's big. It's very
big.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Simmons Energy.

Ryan M. Todd
Simmons & Company International, Research Division

Maybe if we start out in the Bakken. The Bakken production continues to exceed expectations and
congrats that hit the 200,000 barrels a day target early. I know you've said that 1 rig is enough to hold
production flat and on declines. But given the continued outperformance, can you give us an idea of how
you think about -- maybe an updated idea of how you think about exit rate declines 2021 versus 2020 or
going forward from here?

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Yes, Greg?

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

Yes, we're still -- we're in the throes of our development plan right now for next year. So I want to give
you guidance in January, like we always do on the Bakken. I think that would be more appropriate in the
development, as we speak.

Ryan M. Todd
Simmons & Company International, Research Division

Maybe with that, do you still have DUCs to work down or will -- till then -- and wells drilled to be at a
similar level next year?

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

No, we don't really -- we don't carry a large DUC inventory, particularly with 1 rig. We did in the first part
of the year because remember, we had 6 rigs that built in inventory, that will effectively be worked off
during the fourth quarter. And it will be -- then it'll just be normal work in process, right? So there won't
be a DUC inventory, so to speak, other than well is just waiting on a completion crew.

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Yes. And Greg, maybe just to provide some context for Ryan, you might remind everyone what the role of
the Bakken is in the portfolio and that takes precedent over what the rig rate is? Or what the production
rate is, and that sort of thing. And then also, it takes about 2 to keep production flat. You might just
remind people of that, even though we're working on final guidance for a quarter from now.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HESS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

Sure. It would take -- as John mentioned, let me start with what it would take to hold the Bakken flat.
Take 2 rigs to hold it flat broadly in the 180,000 barrel a day range. With 2 rigs, we could hold it at that
level. But I think, as John mentioned, important context for the Bakken, the role of the Bakken in the
portfolio now is to be a cash generator. And so the rig count will be a function of, obviously, oil price, but
also corporate cash flow needs. That is what will govern the rate at which we develop the Bakken. Now
in order to maintain that magnificent cash firepower that the Bakken has, obviously, we would like to at
least hold it flat, right? So it doesn't decline away, and you lose some of that cash firepower capability.
As we -- as I said in my opening remarks, though, we won't consider adding that second rig to hold it flat
until WTI prices approach $50. At that point, we would look at where we are, and we make an informed
decision on whether to add that second rig. But the Bakken, again, its primary role is cash. It's not the
growth engine, Guyana is the growth engine. It will be the cash engine. And of course, we could grow it as
oil prices improve.

Ryan M. Todd
Simmons & Company International, Research Division

I guess, maybe as a just natural follow-up or transition to a follow-up. On the Gulf of Mexico, which, I
think, is generally plays a similar role in the portfolio as a cash cow underpinning Guyana developments.
Can you maybe talk a little bit more about the decision to sell your stake in the Shenzi field? Is that just
opportunistically helping you to bridge to pull forward that cash flow to bridge the gap to -- sorry, to the
Phase 2 startup? Or has there been any change, I guess, in how you think about the use of that asset
going forward?

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

No. No. To be clear, the Gulf of Mexico is a core focus area for the company, and it will be for the future,
but we did have a unique opportunity to monetize Shenzi. John Rielly can provide some background.

John P. Rielly
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So just to reiterate, our Gulf of Mexico strategy has not changed with the Shenzi sale. As John said,
it's a core part of our portfolio. We plan to pursue both infill and tieback opportunities to our existing hubs
as well as hub class exploration as oil prices recover. So again, it really does remain unchanged.

With this Shenzi sale with BHP being the operator, we were able to get a price for Shenzi that met our
value expectations. So therefore, the sale fit well with our strategy to preserve cash and the long-term
value of our assets in this current low oil price environment. And then as I mentioned, the proceeds there
add to our kind of $1.3 billion that we already have on the balance sheet, and we can use it to fund our
investment opportunities in Guyana, and we will use our cash on hand and cash flow from operations to
fund Guyana all the way through to Phase 2, where we get a step-up in cash flow when Phase 2 comes
online.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research.

Robert Alan Brackett
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

A number of my questions have been asked already. So I'll just throw one out around Libya. We're seeing
the country as a whole get back to exporting volumes. What do you think about that in terms of the Hess
portfolio?

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HESS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Well, Bob, the Libya is a cash engine when it's producing, given that the NOC has just lifted the force
majeure restrictions and the country has agreed to a cease fire. The [ Aceta ] Port has now reopened and
initial liftings have started, but it still remains to be seen what a normalized level of production in Libya is
going to be, given the uncertainties and continued political unrest. So obviously, when we get cash from it,
we're happy to do that. But at the same time, it's not at the point where it's stabilized, what it could be in
our numbers on an ongoing basis.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

The first question is actually, I think, either for John or Greg, maybe both. I'm trying to have a better
understanding. If I look at Liza-2, if my recollection correct, the total development cost is about $6 billion,
that's including the PSO, $1.6 billion, so call it $4.4 billion. And the total capacity is 220 for the PSO. So
in Payara, we're also looking for 220. So one would have thought the cost will be lower than Liza-2 as you
get more experience in developing there. So Greg and John, can you help me understand a little bit what
-- how the design they have changed? And why instead of having a lower cost is actually become higher?

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Yes. Go ahead, John.

John P. Rielly
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So let me just start with that like each development is unique, Paul. So like as I mentioned, the
greater Yellowtail area, we see that with lower development costs and a breakeven that drops between
$25 and $32 at that point with Payara being at $32. So the difference -- we are getting synergies, like you
said, from the building of the FPSO because we do expect that to come in at a lower cost. So with Payara
as compared to Liza Phase 2, and I always have to remind everybody, and I know I'm not objective, Paul,
when I say this, but Liza Phase 2 with a Brent breakeven of $25 is arguably the best project that is out
there in the E&P industry. So we are comparing things to this really top project, and Payara is world-class.
So it does cost more. And why -- what happens is Payara has a greater number of distinct reservoirs and
therefore, also a greater aerial extent. So it was always -- as we said, it was back in our December 2018
investor presentation, it was always going to have a higher cost than Liza Phase 2. So those costs now
came exactly in with what we were expecting. Just the aerial extent and the reservoirs caused more wells
to be there, some more flow lines to be there. And that's what causes that cost to be there and the Brent
breakeven going to $32 versus the $25. Now again, Yellowtail, we expect that to be lower because I think
the reservoirs -- the individual reservoirs, as Greg had mentioned, have a great aerial extent on its own,
therefore, we believe the cost will be lower in the Brent breakeven between $25 and $32.

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

And Greg that when earlier, you're talking about the gas injection system, there's a mechanical issue. Is
there a design problem or that what's causing that mechanical problem?

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

Yes, there were 2 issues, Paul. So first was the cooling fan blades on the big gas compressors, and
that was a design issue for sure. Those were reengineered. New fan blades installed, and both of those
compressors are currently operating, that's why our production now has averaged about 105,000 barrels a
day for the last couple of weeks. So things are back on track for the main gas compressors. The last piece
is a flash gas compressor. And there was a failure in the lube oil system that is a design-related issue,
and that compressor is back in Germany being retrofitted as we speak. And the plan is to get it out of the

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HESS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

platform or the FPSO during the month of November and then begin to ramp up to the full nameplate in
December. So both were design issues. I think, as I've said before, Paul, that the silver lining and all this
to me is in this design one, build many strategy, although the learnings that are coming out of this are
being incorporated into future phases. So that will, over time, just continue to increase the reliability and
ability to bring these on -- these vessels on flawlessly.

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Okay. And just a quick one. Gulf of Mexico, in the third quarter, how much is the hurricane impact? And
also, John Rielly, the international OpEx, the unit cost why is so high in the third quarter?

John P. Rielly
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So let me start with the Gulf of Mexico in the third quarter. So between maintenance shutdowns that
we already were undergoing at Llano and Conger because Shell is working on the Enchilada and Auger
platforms. So with that maintenance shutdowns and the hurricane downtime, it was approximately 19,000
barrels a day of an impact in the third quarter. And then you heard from as -- in Greg's script there that
the fourth quarter is going to be about 25,000. So what's really happening, again, is Llano and Conger is
continuing now with the shutdown due to the hurricane and damage was incurred. The biggest difference
then between the third and fourth quarter, though, is that Penn State well that Greg mentioned. So that
is going to be down for basically most of the quarter, not coming back to the end of December. So that's
what takes the 19,000 to 25 000 in Q4. And then the international cost that you saw, what you have to
do is take out $8 million associated with the severance charge. So of that $27 million special severance
charge, $8 million of it was over on the international side.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of David Heikkinen with Heikkinen Energy.

David Martin Heikkinen
Pickering Energy Partners Insights

Just a couple of quick questions. The first one on Kaieteur, what is -- what do you expect the dry hole cost
to be?

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

John?

John P. Rielly
Executive VP & CFO

So this one -- this well, as Greg has mentioned, is going to be more expensive than our typical wells that
we've been drilling from an exploration standpoint on Stabroek. So because it is, one, going deeper, we
are using managed pressure drilling on this, just to be careful as we drill all the way down to the deeper
sections, as Greg mentioned, going Santonian and tronian. So Exxon has not put out an estimate on this
right now, but it will take longer and it's going to generally cost a bit more. And just remember that we do
have a lesser though working interest in Kaieteur than we do in Stabroek.

David Martin Heikkinen
Pickering Energy Partners Insights

Okay. And then given all the recovery of volumes in the Gulf of Mexico, do you have a feel for a run rate
going into 2021 with all the moving pieces, the 19 back plus, I guess, Penn State gets you back to kind of
your earlier this year rate while I guess you have some volumes up.

John P. Rielly
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

HESS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Yes. Sure. So I mean, basically, when we're in the Gulf of Mexico, full year when we incorporate
shutdowns and things like that, is approximately, we were saying 65,000 barrels a day. I mean it can
be higher than that when you don't have shutdowns in quarters. So we will get back on that run rate,
except for the Shenzi sale, right? So you had 11,000 barrels being sold. So basically take it down to
approximately 55,000 barrels a day then on a run rate when everything coming back starting in January 1.

David Martin Heikkinen
Pickering Energy Partners Insights

Perfect. And with the design one, build many concept, it looks like you've ordered the same basic
compressor kit that you'll just put side-by-side on the additional FPSOs, all the kinks that you're working
out with Phase 1 really do -- hopefully, will be avoided at least with the same kit. Is that correct? Or does
it...

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Yes. Greg?

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

Yes, absolutely, David. In fact, the -- if you look at the part numbers, and this is extreme standardization.
If you look at the part numbers, I think it's something like 85% of the part numbers on the top sides are
the same in Phase 2 as Phase 1. So that's what I think the real advantage of the standardization is that
you can just quickly roll learnings into future phases and really drive very high reliability in these vessels
as a result of that.

David Martin Heikkinen
Pickering Energy Partners Insights

Yes. So a lot of learnings in this first 6 months, that will stabilize things and less downtime as you move
forward. That's helpful.

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

Exactly.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo.

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I was just curious kind of your opening comments where you said you expect to get to sub $40 in terms
of total development as you get to the middle of the decade. Does that solely rely on what you're going
to do in Guyana? Or is that also envisioning some additional asset sales down the road? Thinking the
opportunity, obviously, that popped up on Shenzi, but if there's anything else planned in there.

John P. Rielly
Executive VP & CFO

No, there's nothing else planned in there with our current portfolio, and it really is as these FPSOs in
Guyana come online as we spoke about Phase 2 being a $25 breakeven, Payara $32, Yellowtail being to
$25 and $32. As these FPSOs get brought online, it drives down our overall breakeven in the portfolio to
below $40.

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

HESS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Okay. The other question to follow up on, as you think about '21, you talk about running the 1 rig in the
Bakken, you mentioned well costs have gone under $6 million there. Any thoughts on inflation, deflation
as you look at activity in the Bakken in '21 as you're thinking about your CapEx budget?

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Greg?

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

No. I think we're not really assuming any inflation whatsoever next year of the Bakken. Things are still
well oversupplied. We already have contracts locked in with our strategic suppliers for that. Now we do
have some market-based adjustments if the market does improve, but I think the important thing is,
through technology and innovation, we'll still drive that cost lower, no matter what.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James.

Pavel S. Molchanov
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Both of my questions are related to COVID. The first one, Malaysia is having a very serious outbreak that
just emerged in the last 30 days since you're one of the few international operators there. I thought I
would ask what the status is and how you're coping with that sudden outbreak.

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Yes, Greg, you might talk about the field as well as the office.

Gregory P. Hill
COO & President of Exploration & Production

Sure. Yes. So remember, during the first outbreak of COVID, there were essentially no impacts to the
operations side. Logistically, you had to get people quarantined and tested and all that, but we worked all
that out. So we really didn't skip a beat on the operating side. And remember, Malaysia is a very active
area for us. We have ongoing drilling programs, ongoing projects. So very active, and we saw no impact
as a result of COVID based on the protocols that we develop.

If you look at the office, again, during the first outbreak, everyone was working remotely. We got up to
about 80% complement back in our office, and now we've taken that back down again. So people would
just go back to working remotely. I think in all this, we've seen no impact to the operations or to our
ability to work in Malaysia. It has resulted in lower nominations, which is why we kept our guidance for the
fourth quarter for Malaysia at 50,000 barrels of equivalent just because of those COVID uncertainties in
the second outbreak.

Pavel S. Molchanov
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay. Similar question about Guyana. Originally, the timetable for reaching full capacity or plateau
was August, now your -- an Exxon, of course, talking about December. How much have kind of social
distancing, restrictions or labor availability related to COVID have had with that 4-month delay?

John B. Hess
CEO & Director

Yes. Greg, obviously, it impacted repairs, but go ahead.

Gregory P. Hill

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

HESS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

COO & President of Exploration & Production

Yes. No, I think it's on the margins, I would say. I mean, really, the design issues that I talked about were
the primary reason. However, as Exxon has very strict protocols, which I think are absolutely appropriate.
So anyone before they go offshore as the self-quarantine in-country for 14 days and be tested. So
obviously, any special work that needs to be done is going to take a little bit longer. But I will complement
ExxonMobil profusely because they've had some 2,500 crew change events. And so far, touch wood,
they've had no COVID cases offshore. So I think what's going on down there is absolutely remarkable. In
terms of how well all that's being executed amidst a pandemic.

Operator
Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now
disconnect. Have a great day.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

HESS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Copyright © 2022 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

