Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 

NYSE:HPE
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, December 01, 2020 10:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.34

0.37

8.82

0.36

1.32

1.35

2.27

1.55

6872.02

7208.00

4.89

6629.02

26645.08

26982.00

1.26

26943.49

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-30-2020 2:11 AM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.44

0.29

0.23

0.34

0.44

0.22

0.32

0.37

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

SURPRISE

0.00 %

(24.14 %)

39.13 %

8.82 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 01, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew Simanek
VP, Head of Investor Relations &
Director

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Aaron Christopher Rakers
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jyhhaw Liu
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kanghui Ong
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Simon Matthew Leopold
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 01, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2020 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Earnings Conference
Call. My name is Cole, and I'll be your conference moderator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] And
as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the
presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Andrew Simanek, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Please proceed.

Andrew Simanek
VP, Head of Investor Relations & Director

Great. Thanks, Cole. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm Andy Simanek, Head of Investor Relations for Hewlett
Packard Enterprise. I'd like to welcome you to our fiscal 2020 fourth quarter earnings conference call
with Antonio Neri, HPE's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tarek Robbiati, HPE's Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer.

Before handing the call over to Antonio, let me remind you that this call is being webcast. A replay of the
webcast will be made available shortly after the call for approximately 1 year. We posted the press release
and the slide presentation accompanying today's earnings release on our HPE Investor Relations web page
at investors.hpe.com.

As always, elements of this presentation are forward looking and are based on our best view of the world
and our businesses as we see them today. For more detailed information, please see the disclaimers
on the earnings materials relating to forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and
assumptions. For a discussion of some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to HPE's
filings with the SEC, including its most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. HPE assumes no obligation and
does not intend to update any such forward-looking statements.

We also note that the financial information discussed on this call reflects estimates based on information
available at this time and could differ materially from the amounts ultimately reported in HPE's annual
report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2020. Also, for financial information that
has been expressed on a non-GAAP basis, we have provided reconciliations to the comparable GAAP
information on our website. Please refer to the tables and slide presentation accompanying today's
earnings release on our website for details.

Throughout this conference call, all revenue growth rates, unless noted otherwise, are presented on
a year-over-year basis and adjusted to exclude the impact of currency. Finally, please note that after
Antonio provides his high-level remarks, Tarek will be referencing the slides and our earnings presentation
throughout his prepared remarks. As mentioned, the earnings presentation can be found posted to our
website and is also embedded within the webcast player for this earnings call.

With that, let me turn it over to Antonio.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Well, thanks, Andy, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today, and I hope everyone
is staying safe and healthy. Hewlett Packard Enterprise finished the year with a very strong performance.
In Q4, we saw a notable rebound in our overall revenue with particular acceleration in key growth areas of
our business.

As we reviewed at the last month's Securities Analyst Meeting, we are focused on a set of strategic
priorities to drive long-term sustainable profitable growth and accelerating -- and pursue sustainable
profitable growth. This includes stabilization of our core businesses, doubling down in areas of growth and
accelerating our pivot to as a service while taking decisive action to strengthen our financial foundation

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 01, 2020

and become a more agile company. We executed with precision on these strategic priorities, and I'm proud
of the results in what has been a very challenging fiscal year '20.

Let me review a few Q4 highlights. First, our total revenue of $7.2 billion returned to pre-pandemic levels,
up 5% sequentially and flat on a year-over-year basis. We saw increased new orders momentum across
all business segments of our company. As I stated in our Q3 earnings, we expect continued gradual
performance improvement moving forward. As expected, we returned our backlog to normalized levels this
quarter. In Compute, revenue declined 7% sequentially but was up low single digits when normalized for
backlog over the last 2 quarters. We are encouraged by new orders intake that point to stabilization in this
business, taking into account the typical Q1 seasonality.

Most importantly, if you look at the combined server view across Compute and HPC & MCS businesses,
which is how the market tracks server performance, our total net revenue in the server market will be up
3% sequentially and up 1% year-over-year. As a result, we believe we gained share in total server for the
second consecutive quarter.

In Storage, revenue grew 7% sequentially to $1.2 billion. We also expanded our operating profit to 16.7%,
an improvement of 380 basis points sequentially and within the target profitability range of 16% to
18% we discussed at SAM. In both Compute and Storage, we drove higher level of operational services
intensity consistent with prior quarter performance.

In Q4, we accelerated our business performance in key growth businesses. In Intelligent Edge, revenue
rebounded to $786 million, up 14% sequentially and 5% year-over-year. This business performed
exceptionally well against the market backdrop. High Performance Compute and Mission Critical Systems
had an outstanding quarter, recording revenue of $975 million. This business grew 50% sequentially and
25% year-over-year. Our Pivotal as a Service continued its strong momentum. Our annualized revenue
run rate of $585 million was up 11% sequentially and 30% year-over-year. The on-premises as a service
market is growing rapidly, especially in the hybrid environment and remains a significant long-term value
driver for us and our shareholders.

Through strong operational execution, we delivered non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.37, up 16%
sequentially and above the high end of our guidance. Free cash flow of $223 million was in line with our
Q3 and SAM guidance. Additionally, we declared our Q1 dividend today, which will be paid on January
6. As we have said in the past, dividends remain an important part of our capital allocation framework
that consists of capital returns to shareholders and strategic investments that together drive long-term
shareholder value.

Based on the strong finish to fiscal year '20 and increased confidence in profitability going into Q1, we are
raising our fiscal year '21 non-GAAP EPS guidance by $0.03 at the midpoint. Tarek will review our financial
performance and outlook in greater detail, but I will first provide some context around our execution and
customer reactions to our approach and offerings.

The global pandemic has forced businesses to rethink everything from remote work and collaboration to
business continuity and data insight. Over the last several months, we have seen growing momentum in
our businesses as customers increasingly turned to HPE for capabilities from edge to cloud. Our unique set
of capabilities help our customers empower their workforces, deploy new resilient IT solutions and extract
insight from critical data while leveraging and consuming these solutions more flexibly as a service.

We continue to strengthen our core businesses in Compute and Storage, which provide critical capabilities
to customers and are foundational to our edge to cloud platform as a service strategy. In Compute,
the team did an outstanding job of driving supply chain efficiencies and clearing the historical levels of
backlog. We will continue our focus on streamlining processes to enhance productivity in this high-volume
business.

We are a market leader in Compute, and we are being deliberate in our focus on gaining market share in
profitable market segments. This quarter, we became the first company to embed silicon-based security
into our industry-standard servers being manufacturing through our HPE trusted supply chain in the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 01, 2020

United States. This security is critical to a growing number of U.S. customers across federal, public
banking and finance and health care verticals.

We also launched a new HPE Inference Solution on HPE ProLiant servers in conjunction with Red Hat and
NVIDIA to accelerate machine learning directed at the AI and containers market.

In Storage, we have been on a multiyear journey to create an intelligent data platform from edge-to-cloud
and pivot to software-as-a-service data storage solutions, which enable higher level of operational services
attach and margin expansion. And our strategy is getting traction. Our portfolio is well positioned in high-
growth areas like all-flash array, which grew 29% year-over-year; big data storage, which had its sixth
consecutive quarter of growth, up 41% year-over-year; and hyperconverged infrastructure where Nimble
dHCI, our new hyperconverged solution, continued momentum and gained share, growing 280% year-
over-year.

We also committed to doubling down in growth businesses and investing to fuel future growth. The
Intelligent Edge is a critical segment where we declared the opportunity early on and are increasingly
differentiated. At the edge, customers need secure seamless connectivity to bridge the digital/physical
worlds and the ability to generate actionable analytics where the data is created. This is why Aruba is
seeing traction and gaining market share with a leading and highly differentiated portfolio of solutions
such as our cloud native Aruba Edge Services platform, which also contributes to ARR growth.

For example, the Pentagon is modernizing both its classified and unclassified networks to support tens
of thousands of devices daily using Aruba ESP-based architecture. Comcast also chose our Aruba ESP to
power its new Comcast Business Teleworker VPN. The service supports and secures multiple end points
in our remote work site, including laptops, desktops, voice-over-IP phones and printers, and partners can
centrally manage remote workers and all its infrastructure from a single Aruba ESP cloud console.

This quarter, we expect to take share in both campus switching and wireless LAN with our best-in-class
portfolio, which was just recognized as a leader for the 15th year in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for wired
and wireless LAN infrastructure.

Finally, towards the end of Q4, we closed the acquisition of Silver Peak, which will accelerate Aruba SD-
WAN growth in an attractive market growing over 20% and enable our edge-to-cloud platform as a service
vision. Silver Peak brings industry-leading technology and was named a leader in the Gartner 2020 Magic
Quadrant for WAN edge infrastructure. We believe the explosion of devices, applications and data at the
edge will continue to drive demand for secure connectivity, cloud computing capabilities and analytics,
especially in a post-COVID world.

Another high-growth segment where we are extremely well positioned is in high performance computing.
In Q4, we performed exceptionally well across the portfolio, with growth in Cray products, mission-critical
systems, operational support services and HPE Apollo. The team did an outstanding job in converting the
existing backlog and new orders to drive a record quarter-breaking nearly $1 billion revenue.

Q4 marked our first full quarter of Cray operational activity integrated into HPE systems, and the
combination of Cray and HPE is driving increased revenue and cost synergies. We signed several large
customer deals during the quarter, including 3 exascale system design wins that will use the HPE Cray
EX supercomputers. These wins include a $34 million contract with Pawsey Supercomputing Centre in
Australia and a $160 million contract with a European high-performance joint undertaking initiative to
deliver one of the world's fastest supercomputers that will be used by 10 European countries.

We extended our #1 market position in HPC with 37% market share as of calendar Q2 data, which is 10
points above the next closest competitor. According to the list of the top 500 supercomputers released 2
weeks ago, HPE and Cray systems makes 39 of the top 100 systems more than any other company.

In addition, our HPE Apollo Systems had its highest revenue quarter ever. As an example of the traction
we are seeing with Apollo -- with our Apollo value proposition, Mercedes-Benz Grand Prix, constructor of
the Mercedes-AMG Petronas Formula One Team, signed a deal for the new Apollo system. Modeling and
simulations are about gaining a competitive advantage on the track, and our HPE technology is critical to
this team's race strategy.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 01, 2020

Going forward, we are working to bring high performance compute to everyday enterprise environments.
Stay tuned for more announcement on this front in the coming few weeks.

Consumption-based solutions provide an attractive alternative for customers looking to drive innovation
and modernized infrastructure without the capital and operational expenses tied to over-provisioning. We
are a leader in on-premises as a service and have been investing in our HPE software platform and HPE
GreenLake managed services offerings to enable a true consumption-based experience that is unique.

Customers are recognizing our differentiated products and services, which can be seen in our as-a-service
order growth of 20% year-over-year. This quarter, we continue to expand our offerings and introduce HPE
GreenLake VDI cloud services. Building on the success of our ready-to-go virtual desktop infrastructure
solutions launched early in the year to help customers with immediate connectivity needs, this new
solution provides configurations that are optimized for each type of remote worker.

Customers can easily scale usage up and down, which is a compelling and critical capability in today's
environment. By leveraging expanded partnership with Citrix, Nutanix, NVIDIA, VMware and Wipro,
we can offer comprehensive solutions to an expanded customer base. Our advanced capabilities are
driving strong customer demand across diverse markets and industry. We recently announced several
new customers. Nokia Software is using HPE GreenLake cloud services to embed further cost and energy
savings into its data storage portfolio. Microgen, a leading precision medicine and biotechnology company,
selected HPE GreenLake to modernize its IT operations to analyze large-scale medical data on-premises.

YF Life Insurance, a fast growing fintech company based in Hong Kong also selected HPE GreenLake to
strengthen its online sales platform applications and fintech support systems. The momentum we are
realizing in each of these areas is possible because of our focused strategy and disciplined execution. By
innovating and investing in the most impactful areas and optimizing how we manage our own business, we
are ensuring we are in the best possible position to help our customers manage theirs.

Early in the pandemic, we recognized there was no going back to what used to be, only preparing for and
building what comes next. This is one of the reasons we have made the recent decision to relocate HPE's
headquarters to Houston. We have listened to our team members' preferences about the future of work
and reimagined our real estate site to optimize and improve how both physical and virtual offices -- office
spaces are used in this new area. Houston has long been HPE's largest U.S. employment hub, and we are
currently constructing a state-of-the-art new campus.

Obviously, we intend to maintain our innovation tech hub in San Jose, California. Our Aruba headquarters
will be housed within our digital-enabled San Jose site, so storage and software. There will be no layoff
associated with this move and consolidation. We are committed to both markets as critical parts of our
talent and real estate strategy in a post-pandemic world.

As we have been transforming how we work, we have also recognized that we have an enormous
opportunity for customers to transform and digitize their business to adapt and operate in a new
world. Business continuity and success depend on solutions and advanced IT resiliency, empower more
workforces securely, extend connectivity, reinvigorate customer engagement and enable business model
evolution. Against this backdrop, HPE has delivered despite the challenging circumstances.

We have brought new capabilities and experiences to our customers to meet their emerging needs. We
have invested in both organic innovation and M&A that strengthen and differentiate our position in the
market. We have acted quickly to protect our financial foundation and become a more agile company.
And we have remained committed to our culture. We have asked a lot to our team this year, and I am
personally immensely proud and grateful for the significant courageous contribution.

There is no question there is more work to be done, but our customers have validated our vision, and we
have demonstrated in Q4 and throughout 2020 that we have the right team and the right strategies in
place to execute on that vision. While there remains continued uncertainty in the world, there is also a
great deal of promise and optimism. The HPE we created 5 years ago has an important role to play in the
world's recovery from an unprecedented pandemic. That presents an opportunity for our company and for
our investors. I am confident we will continue to rise to the occasion and deliver in bold new ways.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 01, 2020

With that, let me turn it over to Tarek to review the quarter's results.

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you very much, Antonio. I'll start with a summary of our financial results for the fourth quarter of
fiscal year 2020. As usual, I'll be referencing the slides from our earnings presentation to highlight our
performance in the quarter. Antonio discussed the key highlights for this quarter on Slide 4, so now let me
discuss our financial performance starting with Slide 5.

I am very pleased to report that Q4 marked a return of revenue to pre-pandemic levels. We delivered Q4
revenues of $7.2 billion, up 5% sequentially and flat from the prior year period as our growth businesses
of Intelligent Edge and HPC, MCS executed strongly. We also cleared our backlog by a further $250 million
during the quarter, which has now returned to normalized levels as we exited Q4. As a result of the
improved revenue performance, we have grown non-GAAP gross profit by 7% sequentially to $2.2 billion
in Q4. Non-GAAP gross margins of 30.6% were also up sequentially, driven by positive mix shift towards
Intelligent Edge, Storage and HPC, MCS, all of which reported strong sequential revenue growth.

Our non-GAAP operating profit was up 15% sequentially, resulting in a 7.7% operating margin, and our
non-GAAP EPS of $0.37 was up 16% sequentially. Q4 cash flow from operations was $747 million, driven
by strong operational execution. Free cash flow was $223 million, and that was in line with our guidance
as we saw the expected reversal in the favorable working capital movements from elevated backlog in Q3.
Finally, we paid $154 million of dividends in the quarter and are declaring a Q1 dividend today of $0.12
per share payable in January 2021.

Now let's turn to our segment highlights in Slides 6 and 7. As you can see, we are doing exactly what we
said we would do at SAM in October. We're doubling down on our growth businesses of Intelligent Edge
and HPC, MCS while stabilizing our core business segments of Compute and Storage.

In Intelligent Edge, we continued our momentum with 14% quarter-over-quarter and 5% year-over-year
growth. We also expect to take share in both campus switching and wireless LAN with our best-in-class
portfolio, which was just recognized as a leader for the 15th year in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for wired
and wireless LAN access infrastructure.

We're also beginning to see the operating profit potential of this business with operating margin in Q4 of
10.1%, up 150 basis points quarter-over-quarter and 390 basis points year-over-year as we drove greater
productivity from prior investments in this business. Finally, we closed the Silver Peak acquisition on
September 21, so it had a minimal contribution in Q4. But obviously, Silver Peak will be more meaningful
going forward.

In HPC & MCS, revenue reached record levels near $1 billion, growing 50% sequentially and 25% year-
over-year, driven by strong performance in Cray, HPC Apollo and MCS. We executed well against our
existing order book with increased customer acceptances and grew orders further with a healthy pipeline.
As you know, this business can be lumpy with revenue recognition and profitability linked to completion of
critical customer milestones. While we do expect to see a normal seasonal decline in Q1 '21, we are well
on our way to delivering our 8% to 12% 3-year revenue CAGR outlined at SAM.

In Compute, revenue declined 7% sequentially but was up low single digits when normalizing Q3 and
Q4 results for backlog conversion. Gross and operating margins were also pressured by clearing the
backlog as we had to fulfill orders at cost levels higher than originally quoted. We are pleased to report
that backlog has now returned to normalized levels, thanks to continued improvements in our supply chain
execution.

Within Storage, we grew revenue 7% quarter-over-quarter, driven by strong operational execution,
reduced backlog and improved order momentum in key areas of the portfolio. We saw notable strength
in big data, up 27% sequentially, driven by increased customer focus on AI, machine learning-related
applications; all-flash array storage up 19% sequentially by increased -- driven by increased adoption of
Primera All-flash and dHCI, which grew double digits sequentially. We also expanded operating margins

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 01, 2020

this quarter, which was up 380 basis points quarter-on-quarter, ending at 16.7% of revenue and already
aligned to our SAM fiscal year '23 targets.

With respect to Pointnext operational services, which is included across our Compute, HPC, MCS
and Storage segment, total revenue was up 2%, while orders were down 1% on a sequential basis.
Additionally, our services intensity, which is the ratio of attach revenue per hardware unit sold, continued
to be strong with notable strength in Compute and Storage, excluding Nimble, which were up low single
digits growth on a sequential basis.

In Advisory & Professional Services, revenue was up 6% sequentially even as COVID impacted consulting
activity and the chargeability levels of our staff. Within HPE Financial Services, financing volume was up
6%, and revenue was up 2% quarter-over-quarter despite the impact of COVID-19. We maintained a
solid return on equity of approximately 13% this quarter. Our bad debt loss ratio this quarter was 1.06%,
which, while slightly higher than previous quarters, is still best in class and well within our comfort zone as
cash collections have already returned back to pre-COVID levels.

In our Communications and Media Solutions business that is included in our Corporate Investments
segment, orders were up 18% and revenue was up 6% sequentially, driven by strong double-digit orders
and revenue growth in Americas. Additionally, due to our improved cost of delivery, we were able to
expand operating margins by 240 basis points quarter-over-quarter. We continue to make good progress
in our 5G core strategy that provides multi-vendor integration and true cloud-native telco network
functions.

Slide 8 shows key metrics of our growing as-a-service business, which I elaborated on during our recent
Securities Analyst Meeting. We are making great strides in our AAS offering. I am pleased to report that
our Q4 '20 ARR came in at $585 million, representing 11% quarter-over-quarter and 30% year-over-
year reported growth. Total as-a-service orders were up 20% year-over-year, driven by outstanding
performance in North America and APJ.

Our HPE Aruba Central SaaS platform also continued to grow revenue strong double digits year-over-year.
Based on strong customer demand and recent wins, I am very happy with how this business is delivering
and progressing towards its ARR growth targets of 30% to 40% CAGR from fiscal year '20 to fiscal year
'23 set at our 2019 SAM and reiterated at our 2020 SAM meeting.

Slide 9 highlights our revenue and EPS performance to date where you can clearly see Q2 was a trough.
Strong operational execution has driven sequential revenue growth from a low of $6 billion in Q2 all the
way back to $7.2 billion in Q4.

Turning to Slide 10. The rebound in revenue has resulted in a 15% improvement in non-GAAP gross profit
from the Q2 trough, which was up to $2.2 billion in Q4. Also, the gross margin rate in Q4 of 30.6% of
revenues was up 20 basis points sequentially, driven by a higher mix of Intelligent Edge, Storage and HPC,
MCS, which are higher-margin businesses, offset by continued execution of elevated compute backlog,
which was a headwind but is now behind us.

Moving to Slide 11. You can see how the improvement in gross profit, combined with progress on our cost
optimization plan, has delivered 53% growth in operating profit from the Q2 trough while still investing for
growth. As mentioned at SAM, we are making excellent progress in our cost optimization and prioritization
plan, which will strengthen our financial foundation while aligning resources to critical growth areas. As of
the end of this quarter, we are on track to deliver annualized net run rate savings for at least $800 million
from the FY '19 baseline by the end of fiscal year '22, with most of the savings being realized by the end
of fiscal year '21. Obviously, we will keep you updated on our progress in the upcoming quarters.

Turning to Slide 12. We generated cash flow from operations of $747 million, and free cash flow was $223
million for the quarter, driven by timing of working capital movements from clearing backlog that resulted
in favorability in Q3 but a headwind we flagged for in Q4. We ended fiscal year '20 with free cash flow of
$560 million, in line with our outlook provided at SAM 2020. Looking to '21, we expect free cash flow to
grow over 75% at the midpoint of our outlook of $900 million to $1.1 billion. Please remember our normal
cash flow seasonality, where the second half is a stronger generator of cash flow than the first half.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 01, 2020

Now moving on to Slide 13. Let me remind everyone about the strength of our diversified balance sheet
and liquidity position, which is a competitive advantage in the current environment. As our October 31
quarter end, we had approximately $4.2 billion of cash after successfully redeeming $3 billion of bonds
maturing in October 2020 and paying approximately $853 million, net of cash -- excuse me, $853 million
of net cash for closing the Silver Peak transaction. Together with an undrawn revolving credit facility of
$4.75 billion at our disposal, we currently have approximately $9 billion of liquidity.

Finally, I would like to reiterate that we remain committed to maintaining our investment-grade credit
rating, which was recently reaffirmed by the rating agencies. Bottom line, we have a strong cash position
and ample liquidity available to run our operation, continue to invest in our business and execute on our
strategy.

Now turning to outlook on Slide 14. At our recent Securities Analyst Meeting, we provided our outlook
for fiscal year '21, and I would encourage you to review my presentation for a more detailed discussion
of that outlook. Having said that, let me drill down on a few key areas. We continue to expect to grow
our fiscal year '21 non-GAAP operating profit by 15% to 20% and now expect FY '21 non-GAAP diluted
net earnings per share to be between $1.60 to $1.78 as a result of increased confidence in margin
improvement. This is a $0.03 per share improvement on the midpoint of our prior guidance of $1.56 to
$1.76 in EPS.

From a top line perspective, we are pleased with the rebound we saw in Q4 and continue to see gradual
improvement but want to remain somewhat cautious due to the uncertain pace of recovery from the
COVID-19 pandemic. More specifically for Q1 '21, after normalizing for excess backlog reduction in Q4 '20
of $250 million, we expect Q1 '21 revenue to be in line with our normal sequential seasonality of down
mid-single digits from Q4.

For fiscal year '21, we expect total revenue to be in line with our long-term financial targets of a CAGR of
1% to 3% presented at our recent Securities Analyst Meeting. For Q1 '21, we expect GAAP diluted net EPS
of $0.02 to $0.06 and non-GAAP diluted net EPS of $0.40 to $0.44.

So overall, I'm very pleased with the performance in the quarter and execution against our strategy
and financial priorities outlined at SAM. We have navigated well through unprecedented challenges this
fiscal year and had a very strong finish. Q4 was marked by a strong rebound in revenue as we reduced
backlog to normalized levels and saw increased order momentum across all business segments. We saw
significant acceleration in customer demand in our growth businesses of Intelligent Edge and HPC, MCS.
Our core business of Compute and Storage is pointing to signs of stabilization, and our as-a-service ARR
continues to show strong momentum aligned to our outlook. We have been proactive in strengthening our
financial foundation and aligning resources to critical areas to transform our core. This will ultimately drive
sustainable profitable growth and shareholder returns for the long run.
Let me close by reiterating that I'm very proud of what we have accomplished as a team during very
challenging and uncertain times, and we look forward to fiscal year '21. Now with that, let's open it up for
questions. Thank you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 01, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

And our first question today will come from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.

Aaron Christopher Rakers
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I guess I wanted to go into the Compute segment a little bit more. First of all, can you talk a little bit
about the demand linearity you saw throughout this October quarter? And just as we move forward,
how do I think about the operating profitability? If I look back in fiscal '19, I think the average operating
margin was somewhere in the 11.5% range. This quarter was 6%, averaging about 7% this last fiscal
year. So I'm just trying to understand what is the kind of normalized operating margin profile of that
Compute business.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

All right. Tarek?

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

All right. So look, if you look at total revenue in Compute, as Antonio said and I think I reiterated, too,
revenue was up low single digits when you normalize for Q3 and Q4 for backlog conversion, right? So
considering where we were at the end of Q2, the team did an outstanding job of driving supply chain
efficiencies and clearing that backlog. The backlog is no more a problem. It's back to normalized levels.

Specifically with respect to order trends and momentum, order trends were encouraging, then this is
pointing to further stabilization in this business. And most importantly, if you look on a combined view,
for servers across Compute and HPC, MCS, which is how the market tracks service performance, our total
net revenue in the servers would be up low single digits sequentially and up low double digits sequentially
if you exclude the impact of backlog in Q3 and Q4. So we feel we gained revenue market share in total
servers for the second consecutive quarter.

Now when you look at margins in that context, gross and operating margins were pressurized by clearing
backlog as we had to fulfill orders in Q4 at cost levels higher than they were originally quoted. Having
said that, we're pleased to report now, again, that the backlog has returned to normalized levels, and we
continue to improve our supply chain execution.

As we continue to stabilize this business, we expect gross margins to expand now that backlog is no
longer an issue and mix shift to more profitable market segments. We also continue to optimize R&D and
sales investments and expect to achieve an operating profit margin of 10% to 12%. This is what we told
you as part of our long-term outlook provided at SAM.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

So I just want to emphasize a couple of points that I hope that didn't go lost through Tarek's commentary
here because he provided a lot of insight. Our orders in Compute without China, because, as you know, we
have a different setup, was up 2% quarter-over-quarter, our new orders. And then as we think about the
total server category, which is Compute plus HPC plus MCS, you combine all of that and basically, when
you normalize for the backlog, we would have been up quite a bit sequentially and up low single digits
year-over-year. And that's why we believe we have gained share in total server revenue.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 01, 2020

And our next question will come from Simon Leopold with Raymond James.

Simon Matthew Leopold
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to see if you could drill down on what's occurring in the Intelligent Edge business. In particular,
we see a couple of cross currents. Maybe macro recovery would be helpful, but this could be offset by
increased work from home. So there's this debate about how this business may trend. And on top of
that, I have the impression that you expect to gain market share from some of your larger competitors.
Wonder if you could help us understand how you weigh these various cross currents when you look out
over calendar '21 opportunities for the Intelligent Edge.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thank you for the question. I mean, we committed to doubling down on the edge 2 years ago,
where I went on to say that the Intelligent Edge is the next big frontier. And when you think about digital
transformation, all starts with a connectivity. And in order to participate in the digital transformation, you
need connectivity, you need security, and then ultimately, you need to bring the cloud computing where
the data is created. And we have now seen that the vast majority of the data is created outside the data
center, outside the big cloud and more and more where we live and work.

Obviously, the pandemic has validated what I said 2 years ago that the enterprise of the future will be
edge centric, cloud enabled and data driven. And when I think about our Q4 performance, and I'm going
to speak organically because the Silver Peak acquisition was just 4, 5 weeks in our numbers, we grew
year-over-year versus our competitors in the traditional space, whether Cisco or others declined. And
that's where we believe we are going to gain share.

And the reason why we believe that momentum will continue is not just because of the transformation
that we see in customers, particularly as we're going to be in a much more distributed enterprise where
connectivity has to be ubiquitous, is because we have a cloud-native solution. It is important that
the Street understand our Aruba Edge Services platform is a software company and provides cloud
connectivity -- connectivity from the cloud with security, analytics, AI and all the things that you need in
this environment, a massive scale. And it has to be designed for devices, people and things.

And that's why we have, in that platform today, more than 65,000 customers, and we are adding 14,000
new devices every single day. And that momentum is all about the experience we can provide. And this is
why we saw the 14% growth sequentially, and also, we saw the 5% year-over-year growth. But what is
interesting is it is a Software-as-a-Service growth because, ultimately, that contributes to our ARR. And by
the way, our switching was up sequentially high single digits versus our competitor down. And our wireless
line was up 20% quarter-over-quarter. So we believe we have something specially unique here, right in
the middle of what the customer demand is. I don't know, Tarek, if you want to add any commentary.

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

That's absolutely right, Antonio. There's one thing I can add from a financial standpoint, is we do project
that the edge is going to outgrow the market given the strong differentiation that the Aruba Edge Services
platform provides that Antonio described. And we see revenue growing at a 6% to 10% CAGR over the
next 3 years from FY '20 to FY '23. And this will come with enhanced profitability. We ended Q4 with a
10.1% OP margin, up 150 basis points. Longer term, we expect operating margins to progress upwards
through the teens, with more scale and richer gross margins from higher software content such as the
Aruba services platform, including the contribution from Silver Peak.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

And I think you should walk away with 3 key trends so that you can put that in context. One is Wi-Fi for
secure remote worker solutions; Wi-Fi 6 refresh, which is a pull-through for switching because of the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 01, 2020

architecture; and obviously, the acceleration for SD-WAN, which, obviously, Silver Peak plays a huge
role; and last but not least, we see an increased demand in NaaS, which is Network as a Service, which
obviously is a component of our HPE GreenLake offering.

Operator

And our next question will come from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Congrats on the strong execution and solid quarter. Antonio, you're back at pre-pandemic revenue levels
for overall revenue, and your growth segments are performing impressively. Do you see this as a sign that
enterprise spending is coming back stronger than you thought 90 days ago? And Tarek, if I could, can you
just give us an update on the roughly $2 billion of payment that are potentially coming your way from
Oracle and how you would deploy that if you got that over the next year?

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thanks, Wamsi. I mean I will say we are very encouraged by the order momentum we have.
Obviously, there's still quite a bit of uncertainty out there. We still subscribe to our thesis that Tarek and
I discussed in Q2, which is a U-shaped recovery. But what I'm really pleased is the -- all the momentum
and the sequential growth that we continue to see and the demand, particularly in the growth areas but
also very pleased with what is pointed to the stabilization of the core business. The fact that our Compute
orders grew sequentially 2% is very, very good.

We also saw sequential growth in Storage, in orders. And I think it's pointed to different solutions,
Wamsi. Obviously, we see containers. We see bare metal applications. We see everything that's workload
optimized. Data recovery is one aspect of it. VDI is another aspect of it. I think there is a shift in not just
buying infrastructure but that type of infrastructure, which is way more optimized.

And one of the things we see, obviously, is GreenLake. GreenLake is a driving force for pulling through
our portfolio. And when you pull that portfolio through, Compute and Storage win. And that's where we
discussed at SAM not only we need to focus on the stabilization but the transformation of the business to
become more software and silicon oriented, which the exact example of that is we introduced our silicon
root of trust version 2.0, which is the most secure platform on the planet.

But what is interesting, if you listen to some of our competitors, including today, they say that 96% of the
spend is still on-prem. This is not my words. It's a big cloud provider who said that. And that transition is
an important transition for us to capture, and that's where we went ahead with our on-premise solutions
as a service. So that's why I think there is definitely stabilization in demand. There is increased demand
in certain areas associated with connectivity, AI, data. We see more workload-optimized solution. We see
more IT resiliency needed at this point in time. And that's where, as we enter Q1, we enter with a very
strong momentum on our orders, and that's why we were confident with Tarek to raise our guidance for
the year.

Andrew Simanek
VP, Head of Investor Relations & Director

Oracle?

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Wamsi, so the question on Oracle, so yes, we have not forgotten about that one, of course. Let me remind
everybody where we stand. There was a $3 billion, roughly, jury verdict in HPE's favor in the Itanium
matter. That matter remains on appeal. The renewed judgment now stands at $3.8 billion in total, with
interest accruing at 10% since May 2019 so an interesting interest rate here. The appeal has been fully
briefed, and we are awaiting the California Court of Appeal to schedule oral argument.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 01, 2020

Although we are hopeful that we will receive a ruling from the California Court of Appeal in 2021,
obviously, the timing of this is out of our control. We remain confident that the outcome on appeal will be
favorable to HPE. And also, I want to remind you all that we would have to share any sort of payment with
our cousins at HP Inc.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Correct.

Operator

And our next question will come from Amit Daryanani with Evercore ISI.

Jyhhaw Liu
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

This is Irvin Liu dialing in for Amit. I wanted to get an update on your HPC & MCS business. During your
recent Analyst Day, you alluded to this business in addition to Intelligent Edge being contributors to
growth. And clearly, this quarter puts an emphasis on that viewpoint. Can you perhaps highlight some
of the underlying demand vectors for a business that's been historically lumpy in nature, perhaps the
durability of this level of growth looking forward and perhaps progress on reaching customers beyond
Cray's historically public sector customer base?

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Well, that's part of the thesis why we combine Cray with the organic portfolio HPE had. You need
to look at the segmentation of the business. Obviously, Cray plays on the top end of the supercomputer
market with a unique set of technologies both in software and silicon. That's very important to understand.
Cray brought to us a fully verticalized stack from the silicon, particularly in the interconnect fabric to the
entire software to manage these very specialized workloads, which is a significant point of differentiation
for us.

And then the HPE Apollo, which is a platform I actually introduced when I was running the Compute
business in 2013, plays more in the mid-range and the low end in a density optimized and other type of
workloads. The combination drives tremendous synergies across the entire segment. And it's true it is
lumpy, no question about it. But it's lumpy because the way the mechanics works in terms of revenue
recognition. So in this business, obviously, you take the order. Then you have the time to build it. It takes
sometimes months to build one of these systems. You have to ship it. You have to install it. You have to
run the workload. And only when the customer give us acceptance, we can recognize revenue.

But remember, what we showed you at SAM is the fact that we have more than $2 billion in backlog,
meaning awarded business that we expect to ship between '21 and '22. And that business is already won,
okay? And some of those include exascale systems, which, obviously, we shared the data with you, which
we won 5 out of 6. But since SAM, we won new deals, and I quoted some of those in my opening remarks,
like the Pawsey deal and the European Union deal. And these are typical. And the reason why we win
is because we have a very set of specialized technology, and the need to co-locate data in compute is
unique.

And that's why not only we continue to grow the business at the pace you saw, but also we own 39 of
the top 500 supercomputers and we own 37% of the share. So we are very pleased with this business.
Now our thesis is coming through, and the reason is because of data. Data is exploding. AI is now a
democratized tool. In many ways, you need high performance compute capabilities to run it. By the way,
we see now the momentum on margins, too, right, because now we own more of that stack.

Operator

Our next question will come from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 01, 2020

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

I was wondering, Antonio, if you can talk a bit about your thoughts behind the headquarters move and
any potential cost savings not from layoffs but perhaps lower taxes than that. And then I don't know,
Tarek, if you can just confirm that the cost of the new building was included within your free cash flow
estimates.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Sure. Listen, as we look into the future, our business needs, opportunities for cost savings, simplifying our
footprint and also, remember, we learned quite a bit, Sharon, about the team preferences about the future
of work. Altogether, we made the decision to relocate the headquarters.

Let me be clear. Our technological hub for innovation, particularly in Aruba, Software, Storage is in Silicon
Valley. And basically, what we are doing is consolidating our Silicon Valley footprint in the state-of-the-art
San Jose headquarters that we opened last year. This is our technological hub. Now for nontechnical hub
and jobs, we decided to move the headquarters to Texas because you have access to diverse talent, and
ability to attract and retain is unique and differentiated.

So what we are creating here is 2 very strong hubs with clear mandate on each of them. From the taxes
perspective, there is none because we are incorporated in Delaware to begin with. Definitely, our savings
are associated with the real estate because you rationalize the area footprint. You expect savings. The
cost of the new site in Houston was already included in our numbers because we already were building
that since beginning of 2020. That was already in the plan. We are not changing anything. So we're just
relocating that.

And what we're doing for the unique job functions that we believe are better suited to be in Houston, we
are offering a voluntary move to employees. And there will be no jobs impact in California. So that's pretty
much it. And we are creating, again, 2 very strong hubs for our company and rationalize the footprint that
will drive cost savings over time, which, by the way, they're part of Project Accelerate as we go along.

Operator

And our next question will come from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

What have you seen in Europe as markets have -- as some of those markets have shut down? And do
you view that as a path to what you might see in the U.S. over the next few months? And then just as it
relates to demand in the October quarter, any difference in trends between the commercial, enterprise and
public sector?

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Katy. I mean Europe was strong for us. I mean, honestly, the lockdown is happening as we speak
maybe in the last 2 to 3 weeks in some markets. But I have to say no real impact at this point in time
that we can see. We again exit October with the momentum and a good order book getting into Q1. The
momentum is being carried in November.

But again, there's still a lot of uncertainty out there. I'm not sure yet what real impact it is. Also, we'll
say that customers are now kind of accustomed to deal with this way to work. Obviously, we have been
now 9, 10 months in this situation and so business continues. There may be certain things may be slowed
down over time because you need access to certain facilities. But overall, I haven't seen anything in
particular right now. Commercial seems to be improving. And then on the public sector side, obviously, we
participate, particularly with HPC, and that continues to be very, very strong, I will say.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 01, 2020

Operator

And our next question will come from Jeriel Ong with Deutsche Bank.

Kanghui Ong
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Revenues, it's nice to see this revenue trend kind of get back to that flat year-on-year range. But if I really
look at the gross and operating margins, there's still deltas on a year-on-year basis. I understand the
normalization of backlog may have something to do with the modeling of this. But I guess, going forward,
as we're forecasting the fiscal '21, what are the prospects for margin normalization back into those fiscal
'19 figures?

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Jeriel, thanks for the question. So if you refer back to our outlook on revenue that we provided at SAM,
and that was a 1% to 3% CAGR growth of revenue that we reiterated today as we issued our guidance for
fiscal year '21. We also said that we expect operating profit to grow 15% to 20% over next year. And so
when you take the combination of the revenue growth, which is outpaced by the operating profit growth,
yes, surely, there will be operating margin expansion.

And what's fueling that expansion is the cost optimization and prioritization program, which is well on
track and most of the benefits of that program will be attained towards the end of fiscal year '21. And I
would want to remind everybody that we are foreseeing $800 million of net run rate savings off the fiscal
year '19 baseline. And so you can infer from this where the margins would be by the end of fiscal year '21
leading into fiscal year '22.

Operator

And that question will come from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to come back to the Financial Services business and particularly the write-off percentage and the
increase there. And just -- I know there's a little bit of seasonality there, Tarek, but it seems like that's up
a little bit. I'm just curious if you could say a word about -- I know you said it's a healthy absolute level
but a word about what it tells us about the end market and whether you would expect that to decline in
the January quarter.

And then I assume the return on equity there is still relatively low because you guys are forgiving
payments. But could you just update us on that payment forgiveness plan? And is that over? Are you still
doing it? Just kind of give us an update on where that stands as well.

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Rod. It's a really good question. So when you look at the Financial Services business, the bad
debt loss ratio is just over 1%. It's up modestly. I'm very comfortable personally with that level given what
happened in the pandemic. And we are absolutely satisfied with the way the business unit has performed.
The team has worked incredibly hard to give payment holidays to certain customers who needed it. This is
why year-over-year, you see the revenue dropping but the profitability hasn't dropped dramatically at all.
And that is testing of the way the management team has performed this year.

And it's actually what that translates into, is an extremely strong position for the future because what
happened is that you had contract extended as a result of those "payment holidays". And when those
contracts extend, that, over time, leads to higher returns as you know in the leasing space. So on the
whole, I feel very, very positive about the performance of HPFS. We want to reiterate cash collections
have already returned to pre-COVID levels, which is good. Economically, it's a sound position also for the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 01, 2020

economy. We're now collecting cash on deferrals granted earlier in the year, and that level of deferral was
granted to a small subset of the customers. And we do expect the return on equity to trend back to the
15%-plus levels over the next couple of years.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

All right. Thanks, Tarek. I know there may be some more questions, Andy, but I know you and Tarek will
do some callbacks as well. And so there will be opportunity for those who were not able to put a question
in to answer the question.

In any case, I just want to finish by saying that Q4 was marked by a very strong rebound in our total
company revenue. We are pleased with the results. While much uncertainty still exists in the overall
market, I am confident in our team ability to execute the strategic priorities we shared with you,
particularly the SAM, which we believe will position us to drive future sustainable profitable growth. And
again, thank you for joining on the call today -- joining us today on the call, and I hope you continue to
stay safe and healthy. Happy holidays to you and your families.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our call today. Thank you. And at this time, you may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 01, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

