Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 

NYSE:HPE
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, March 03, 2020 10:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.44

0.44

0.00

0.42

1.84

1.95

Revenue  (mm)

7205.01

6949.00

(3.55 %)

6978.70

28959.36

29514.91

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Mar-03-2020 5:03 AM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

0.36

0.40

0.46

0.44

0.42

0.45

0.49

0.44

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16.67 %

12.50 %

6.52 %

0.00 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 03, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew Simanek
VP, Head of Investor Relations &
Director

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

A.M. Sacconaghi
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Kanghui Ong
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Simon Matthew Leopold
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 03, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, afternoon and evening, and welcome to the First Quarter 2020 Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sean, and I'll be your conference moderator for today's call.
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.

I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Andrew Simanek, Head of
Investor Relations. Please proceed.

Andrew Simanek
VP, Head of Investor Relations & Director

Good afternoon. I'm Andy Simanek, Head of Investor Relations for Hewlett Packard Enterprise. I'd like to
welcome you to our fiscal 2020 first quarter earnings conference call with Antonio Neri, HPE's President
and Chief Executive Officer; and Tarek Robbiati, HPE's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

Before handing the call over to Antonio, let me remind you that this call is being webcast. A replay of the
webcast will be made available shortly after the call for approximately 1 year. We posted the press release
and the slide presentation accompanying today's earnings release on our HPE Investor Relations web page
at investors.hpe.com.

As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world
and our businesses as we see them today. For more detailed information, please see the disclaimers
on the earnings materials relating to forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and
assumptions. For a discussion of some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to HPE's
filings with the SEC, including its most recent Form 10-K. HPE assumes no obligation and does not intend
to update any such forward-looking statements.

We also note that the financial information discussed on this call reflects estimates based on information
available at this time and could differ materially from the amounts ultimately reported in HPE's quarterly
report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2020.

Also, for financial information that has been expressed on a non-GAAP basis, we have provided
reconciliations to the comparable GAAP information on our website. Please refer to the tables and slide
presentation accompanying today's earnings release on our website for details.

Throughout this conference call, all revenue growth rates, unless noted otherwise, are presented on a
year-over-year basis and are adjusted to exclude the impact of currency.

Finally, please note that after Antonio provides his high-level remarks, Tarek will be referencing the slides
in our earnings presentation throughout his prepared remarks. As mentioned, the earnings presentation
can be found posted to our website and it is also embedded within the webcast player for this earnings
call.

With that, let me turn it over to Antonio.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Andy. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today.

HPE's first quarter results demonstrate continued progress against our strategic priorities to shift our
company to higher-margin and more recurring revenues against a dynamic market backdrop. I am
disappointed that our overall revenue of $6.9 billion reflects a 7% decline for the quarter, primarily due
to declines in our Compute business. However, I am pleased with the results in several key areas of our
business aligned to our strategy. Our pivot to as a service is gaining momentum. Our annualized revenue

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 03, 2020

run rate grew 19% year-over-year. We started reporting this new metric last quarter to provide more
transparency into the recurring and higher-margin benefits of shifting to our as a service model.

We grew HPE GreenLake services orders 48% year-over-year. HPE GreenLake gained 65 new logos in
Q1 and has surpassed 800 total customers. We returned to growth in our Intelligent Edge business, with
revenue up 4% year-over-year. And we continue to see profitable growth in areas of investment, including
high-performance compute, hyperconverged infrastructure, big data storage and operational services
orders, with continued improvements in our services attach intensity.

Our Q1 revenues were impacted by a number of factors. First, like many of our peers, we continue to
see uneven and unpredictable demand due to macro uncertainty. This has resulted in longer sales cycles
and delayed customer decisions. Second, commodity supply constraints disrupted our ability to meet our
customers' demand this quarter, particularly in our Compute and high-performance compute businesses.

Additionally, the outbreak of the coronavirus at the end of January impacted component manufacturing,
resulting in higher quarter end backlog. In both of these cases, we have established specific mitigation and
recovery plans with each of our suppliers.

Finally, we encountered a challenge in consolidating our manufacturing site in North America. We have a
plan in place to address the Q1 issue and are confident that our efforts will result in increased efficiency
and agility as we move forward.

It is important to note that even with the revenue shortfall, we improved our non-GAAP gross margin
by 210 basis points year-over-year to 33.2%. We drove non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.44, up 5%
year-over-year and in line with our outlook, while also investing for future innovation. And we delivered
improved free cash flow compared to last year's level and in line with Q1 normal seasonality.

While market uncertainty continues and new global developments like the coronavirus have emerged, we
have taken the right actions to mitigate against these evolving dynamics. Some of these actions include
further cost take-out in our back-end operations as a part of our HPE Next program, which has been a key
enabler of our gross and operating margin improvement. We have extended the program through fiscal
year 2021 and expect incremental savings while maintaining the original net cash impact.

As Tarek will cover in more detail, because of the actions we have taken to address the uncertainty and
the expected recovery of supply chain constraints over time, we are comfortable maintaining our fiscal
year '20 non-GAAP EPS outlook. But there are too many unknowns at this point to provide second quarter
guidance. Also, we do feel it is prudent to revise our fiscal year '20 free cash flow outlook from $1.9 billion
to $2.1 billion to $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion given that we expect some impact on cash conversion cycles
driven by the ongoing recovery from supply constraints and impact of the coronavirus. These are the right
pragmatic actions to take, and I am confident in our ability to deliver in our strategy.

Our customers continue to reaffirm their need for hybrid capabilities to advance their digital
transformations and harness the power of their data wherever it lives: in the cloud; on- and off-premises;
and increasingly, at the edge. As the edge-to-cloud Platform as a Service company, HP is uniquely
positioned to capitalize on these trends and help our customers transform.

Before Tarek provides more specifics about the quarter, let me highlight a few of our business and
segment results. First, our Intelligent Edge business outperformed competitors across the industry. We
grew in all geographies, posting double-digit growth in North America despite the challenging macro
environment, and we delivered double-digit growth in our Aruba-branded products. Over the last 2
quarters, we have been actively enhancing our sales coverage model in North America, and I am proud of
the team's hard work and our momentum. We declared the opportunity at the Intelligent Edge early, and
we continue to invest in bringing a cloud experience to the edge, where data is increasingly created. At
the core of this strategy is HP Aruba Central, the only cloud-native and simple-to-use platform that unifies
network management, AI-powered insights and IoT device security for wired, wireless and WAN networks
and soon 5G and edge computing. More than 58,000 unique customers are using Aruba Central.

In Q1, Aruba, which pioneered the software-defined branch solution for deployment and management of
large retail networks, further enhanced our solution by integrating Aruba Branch Gateways with Aruba

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 03, 2020

Central. By providing a single point of control for SD-WAN, wired and wireless networking, Aruba can help
customers achieve secure, simplified branch connectivity at scale.

Our customers continue to recognize our innovation at the edge. For instance, in the first quarter, the
Office of Information Technology at Princeton University turned to Aruba AOS-CX to support its wired
initiative and seamlessly integrate with Aruba wireless with a goal of creating a complete mobile-first
campus of the future. Sub-Zero, a leading luxury appliance maker, updated its wired with wireless
infrastructure through Aruba AOS-CX and [ Eastern Wireless ] to support IoT in high-end appliances. Both
our Aruba AOS-CX and Wi-Fi 6 solutions continue to gain traction in the market.

The customer examples I share are a testament of our differentiated innovation. I am excited about
how our market leadership is helping customers redefine experiences at the edge. We will continue to
enhance our portfolio with the integration of 5G and mobile edge computing to capitalize on this significant
opportunity.

Turning to Hybrid IT. As we announce at our Securities Analyst Meeting last fall, we are providing revenue
and operating profit disclosures in 4 business segments, Compute, High Performance Compute & Mission-
Critical Systems, Storage and Advisory & Professional Services, aligned to customer demands and market
trends. Tarek will walk you through the financial results in greater detail, but let me share a few high-
level observations. As I noted earlier, our Compute revenue was impacted by a combination of factors and
came in lower than anticipated for the quarter. However, we did see an acceleration in unit volumes, which
were up mid-single digits year-over-year, excluding Tier 1 and China. Our High Performance Compute
& Mission-Critical Systems segment includes the first full quarter of Cray. We are excited about the
combination of HP and Cray and the growing TAM. We have been awarded more than $2 billion in HPC
business expected to be delivered in the next 3 years. Programs include the U.S. Department of Energy's
El Capitan system at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and Frontier Supercomputer at Oak
Ridge National Laboratory, among others.

Our new segmentation provide greater insights into the size, strength and attractive financial profile of
our HP Storage business, which is a $5 billion business with an operating margin of 18%. We gained
momentum in key areas during the quarter and expect to gain share in external disk. Big data storage
grew 45% year-over-year and demonstrates early success with our MapR acquisition. Hyperconverged
infrastructure also continued to grow, up 6%. HP InfoSight, our cloud-based AI operations platform,
gained momentum across both Storage and Compute. I am proud of our focused efforts and innovation
that have created one of the most comprehensive intelligent data platform in the industry, which will
continue to provide customers with superior simplicity and performance.

Our Advisory & Professional Services business provides strategy, technology planning and consultant
services that help customers navigate their digital transformation from edge to cloud. With increased focus
and simplification of this business, we drove demand across the HPE portfolio and significantly expanded
operating margins this quarter, up 12.5 points year-over-year.

Our customer wins demonstrate the strength of our strategy and breadth of our portfolio. For example,
HPE was recently selected by Zenuity, a joint venture between Volvo Cars and Veoneer, to help make
next-generation autonomous driving cars a reality. HPE will provide the crucial AI and high-performance
computing required to gather, store, organize and analyze data from its global network of test vehicles
and software development centers. The end-to-end solution will be delivered as a service through HP
GreenLake. Rohde & Schwarz, a global electronics company, wanted to reduce storage complexity and
reclaim management time, already relying on 3PAR for business-critical applications, the company chose
Nimble Storage to help manage a 20% year-over-year growth in data. This new combination has improved
performance threefold.

Volkswagen Group selected HPE to deliver state-of-the-art compute and mission-critical servers to run its
apps and solutions like SAP HANA, virtual desktop infrastructure and others focused on big data analytics,
AI and autonomous driving. Our offerings such as HPE Superdome Flex, HPE ProLiant Gen10 servers and
HPE Pointnext support services will power the data and apps for the Volkswagen Group's 12 global brands.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 03, 2020

In Q1, we continued to accelerate innovation. We achieved a major milestone in our pivot to as a service
with the launch of HPE GreenLake Central platform. HPE GreenLake Central is an advanced cloud platform
that provides customers with a consistent cloud experience for all their applications and data wherever
they live through an operational console that runs, manages and optimizes their entire hybrid estate.
We launched our HPE Container Platform, which is the first enterprise-grade Kubernetes-based container
solution. It leverages HPE's acquisition of BlueData and MapR together with 100% open-source Kubernetes
software. This platform provides customers with a common and faster path to run legacy and cloud-native
applications with persistent storage connectivity.

And we acquired Scytale, an innovative software company focused on service authentication. The Scytale
team are the founding contributors to 2 open-source projects that they are positioned to become the de
facto standard for identifying and securing enterprise workloads, both on- and off-premises. Our Scytale
acquisition is consistent with our targeted approach to M&A that brings critical talent and complementary
technologies to HPE. We look for accretive, value-enhancing acquisitions that improve our competitive
positioning and accelerate our strategy.

Finally, our HPE Financial Services business continues to provide us with a critical competitive advantage.
In Q1, overall financing volume increased 2%. GreenLake represented more than 40% of our HPE leasing
volume. HPEFS uses multiple levers to help customers accelerate their digital transformations while
contributing to the circular economy. Through asset upcycling and accelerated migration, HPEFS free up
well over $500 million in our customers' budgets over the last 2 years. This business helps our customers
capture value from older assets, achieve their sustainability goals and invest in new technologies as a
service.

As we advance our business objectives to meet our customer needs and deliver for our shareholders,
we continue to be guided by a very strong purpose. I am tremendously proud of our environmental
stewardship, our investments in our people and our culture of integrity and inclusion. HP was just
recognized as one of the most ethical companies by Ethisphere Institute. We were also proud to be named
to Bloomberg's Gender-Equality Index. These are very important measures of how HP delivers for our
team members, customers, shareholders and our global communities.

In summary, in Q1, we faced continued macro uncertainty which, combined with supply and
manufacturing constraints, impacted our revenue, particularly in Compute. Despite these issues in the
current market backdrop, we continue to execute with discipline and made progress against our strategic
priorities. We outperformed the market in critical areas like Intelligent Edge. We gained traction in high-
performance compute with the acquisition of Cray. We advanced our pivot to as a service, all while
delivering EPS and gross margin expansion. While we made progress in these important areas, we know
we have work to do to improve in others.

We are living in an uncertain time, but what is certain is our commitment to continue to manage our
business with focus and discipline. I believe in our sound strategy, in our talented team and in our
differentiated technology. This combination will enable us to execute our pivot to provide our customers
and partners unique edge-to-cloud experiences delivered as a service. And by doing so, we expect to
deliver long-term profitable growth and generate stakeholder value.

With that, let me turn it over to Tarek to provide more details about the quarter.

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you very much, Antonio. Now let me provide more detail on our financial results for the first quarter
of fiscal year 2020. As I have done before, I'll be referencing the slides from our earnings presentation
to highlight our performance in the quarter. Also please note that we are now reporting results according
to our new segmentation. This will provide more granular detail on the financial performance of our
businesses and our progress towards becoming the edge-to-cloud Platform as a Service company. Please
refer to our recently filed Form 8-K for more detailed information, which includes historical reconciliation
tables for the last 2 years.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 03, 2020

Antonio already discussed the high-level points for the quarter, but I want to briefly reiterate the main
takeaway. We are continuing to execute on our transition to higher-margin and more recurring revenue
areas in a challenging business environment. We also remain confident that we have the right strategy in
place and are taking the right actions to lay a foundation for sustainable, profitable growth in the future.

Turning to Slide 2, with the financial highlights for the quarter. Despite the top line challenges from uneven
demand and component supply and manufacturing constraints that I'll provide more detail on shortly,
we continued to expand non-GAAP gross margins, which improved by 210 basis points this year, driven
primarily by portfolio mix shift, cost of services efficiencies and commodity cost tailwinds. This gross
margin expansion combined with other income and expense benefits that included record equity interest
contributed from our ownership in H3C and share buybacks resulted in diluted non-GAAP EPS of $0.44,
which is up 5% year-over-year and in line with our original outlook for the quarter.

On the cash front, free cash flow was a use of $185 million, which was in line with the prior year and
normal seasonality. Consistent with our capital management policy, we paid $156 million in dividends and
repurchased $204 million in shares. From a macro perspective, as Antonio mentioned, geopolitical factors
continue to cause business uncertainty, particularly in larger enterprise deals, creating an uneven and
unpredictable business environment. This was further exacerbated by supply constraints, both component
shortages and our North American manufacturing site consolidation, which affected the Compute business,
in particular. We expect component shortages to remain a headwind and this situation to alleviate as we
progress through the year.

The North American manufacturing site consolidation has created near-term execution challenges that
we are actively addressing and expect to have improved efficiencies and agilities in our supply chain
moving forward. Adding to the uncertainty is the potential disruption to demand and supply caused by the
coronavirus outbreak. The health issue is causing disruption to both supply and demand, and while we
cannot quantify the real impact at this time, we're monitoring the situation closely and are working with
our suppliers to minimize potential impact.

We'll now move to Slide 3 that shows our performance in the quarter in accordance with our new
segmentation. I won't take you through every number, but let me hit a few key points. In the Intelligent
Edge segment, we grew 4%. Our changes to North America sales leadership and go-to-market
segmentation are paying off with double-digit growth in North America and 13% growth in overall
wireless LAN product. While we continue to make relevant R&D and sales investments this year, we're also
delivering significant improvement in profitability with operating margins of 9.7%, up 630 basis points
year-over-year.

In Compute, revenue declined 15% this quarter due to the previously highlighted uneven demand
environment, component supply constraints and North American manufacturing site consolidation, yet we
delivered a 9.5% operating profit margin in line with last year. With respect to units, excluding Tier 1 and
China, our units were up mid-single digits year-over-year and have also been growing sequentially since
Q2 2019.

In High Performance Compute & Mission-Critical Systems, we grew revenue 6% that included our first
full quarter contribution from Cray. Our HPC business has been awarded over $2 billion of business that is
expected to be delivered through fiscal year '23. We will also optimize the Cray cost envelope and expect
triple-digit millions in annualized run rate cost synergies to be recognized by the end of the next fiscal
year, significantly adding to the operating profit and margins of HPC & MCS.

Within Storage, we made progress against a competitive backdrop, maintaining flat sequential revenues
with notable strength in big data growing at 45% year-over-year and hyperconverged infrastructure
growing at 6% year-over-year this quarter. Note that this is the first quarter we are reporting
hyperconverged infrastructure in Storage aligned to our peers.

In Advisory & Professional Services, we are reporting for the first time in our new segmentation, revenue
was flat, and we significantly improved operating margins by 12.5 points year-over-year as we focus
on eliminating unprofitable business. For operational services, which is included across Compute, HPC &
MCS and Storage, orders were up 1% year-over-year, and revenue was down 2%. Our services intensity,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 03, 2020

which is the ratio of attach revenue per unit, was up year-over-year again in every business segment this
quarter, with double-digit growth in HPC & MCS services intensity driven by Cray. This demonstrates that
the underlying profitability of the units we sell and the attach rates continue to be robust.

Within HPE Financial Services, we expanded our net portfolio of assets, which was up 2% in constant
currency this quarter, with longer contract terms supporting GreenLake, and we maintained a solid return
on equity of approximately 15% again this quarter with bad debt loss ratio of 0.4%, which is best-in-
class within this industry. And while not shown on this slide, communications and media solutions that
is included in our Corporate Investments segment is a strategically important business to us, providing
software and services capabilities to telco service providers. It is showing improved momentum.

Orders in CMS were up 10% sequentially, and revenue was up 2% due to improved momentum of the
telco software and services business.

Slide 4 shows the ARR slide that I discussed at our Securities Analyst Meeting in October 2019. Please
reference the same presentation for a deep dive into what makes up the ARR. Our Q1 '20 ARR actuals
came in at $511 million, a 19% year-over-year growth that accelerated from last quarter. Our HPE Aruba
Central platform is starting to gain traction, with revenue growing triple digits year-over-year. We also
continue to see strong growth in GreenLake services orders, which are up 48% year-over-year. As we
progress towards building our go-to-market as a service motion and remain focused on offering a full
suite of differentiated solutions that can be consumed as a service, we are confident in achieving our ARR
growth guidance of 30% to 40% compounded annual growth rate from fiscal year '19 to fiscal year '22.

Slide 5 shows our EPS performance to date. Non-GAAP diluted net earnings per share of $0.44 in Q1 is
in line with our previously provided outlook of $0.42 to $0.46 due to disciplined execution, expanding
gross margins and favorable other income and expense. This represents year-over-year growth of 5%.
Also, please note, our OI&E performance in Q1 of fiscal year '20 does not change our fiscal year '20 OI&E
outlook. As we foreshadowed during last October's Securities Analyst Meeting, we continue to expect OI&E
to be a $0.03 to $0.05 per share headwind in fiscal year '20.

Turning to gross margins on Slide 6. We continue to deliver significant year-over-year gross margin
expansion that was up 210 basis points year-over-year to 33.2% as we shifted to higher-margin offerings
like the Intelligent Edge with Aruba Central, hyperconverged infrastructure, the addition of Cray and
commodity cost tailwinds.

Moving to Slide 7. We have continued to improve operating profit since the beginning of Q1 of fiscal
year '18 while making strategic investments in R&D and sales to support long-term profitable growth.
In Q1 of fiscal year '20, we are now consolidating a full quarter of additional operating expenses from
the Cray acquisition that will be optimized going forward. Furthermore, given the additional uncertainty
in the business environment introduced this quarter, we are taking near-term actions that will enable
us to protect and expand our profitability in fiscal year '20 while continuing to make critical long-term
investments. As Antonio mentioned, we will extend the HPE Next program into fiscal year '21 and expect
incremental savings while maintaining the original net cash impact.

Turning to cash flow on Slide 8. Operating cash flow declined with revenue $461 million year-over-year.
Free cash flow for Q1 was in line with normal seasonality at negative $185 million, in line with the prior
year, thanks to planned net CapEx benefits in the quarter. Please remember, our normal seasonality is for
cash to be used in the first half and then we generate significant amounts of free cash flow in the second
half of the fiscal year.

Now as a reminder, on Slide 9, we maintained a solid balance sheet with our cash flow generation, and we
have a disciplined returns-based process for evaluating investments and capital returns. We are committed
to maintaining an investment-grade credit rating that is evidenced by our current operating net cash
position. Consistent with our capital return commitments in Q1, we returned $360 million in the form
of share repurchases and dividends. As part of our capital allocation framework, we also target value-
enhancing acquisitions to improve our competitive positioning and to accelerate our strategy of pivoting
to as a service that provides us with higher levels of recurring revenue and profitability. As with any

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 03, 2020

investment we consider, we follow a rigorous evaluation process, cognizant of size, valuation, financial
impacts, such as accretion dilution, and strategic fit.

Now turning to our outlook on Slide 10. As discussed, we are in an increasingly uneven business
environment, but at this point, we are comfortable maintaining our fiscal year '20 non-GAAP EPS outlook
of $1.78 to $1.94 given the cost actions we plan to take and the expected recovery of supply chain
constraints over time. However, there is still considerable uncertainty in the short term due to the
unknown potential impacts from the coronavirus, so we're not in a position to provide a second quarter
outlook.

From a cash flow perspective and given our negative cash conversion cycle, we expect some current
year impact on working capital receivables with elongated sales cycles persisting and the need to build
inventory levels due to the supply chain constraints. Consequently, we feel it is prudent to revise our fiscal
year '20 free cash flow outlook from $1.9 billion to $2.1 billion to $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion. We remain
committed to our previously announced capital management policy of returning 50% to 75% of free cash
flow to shareholders and now expect to be at the higher end of that range for fiscal year '20.

So overall, we continued to make progress against our strategic priorities within an uneven environment
and introduced new challenges this quarter. We're taking the appropriate actions to navigate the near-
term uncertainty while executing against our vision and strategy that is clearly resonating with customers.
We will continue to shift our portfolio to higher-margin, software-defined solutions and focus on delivering
our edge-to-cloud platform, offering our full portfolio as a service by 2022. This will ultimately drive
sustainable, profitable growth and shareholder returns for the long term.
Now with that, let's open it up for questions. Thank you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 03, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Our first question will come from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Tarek, how much do you think the temporary factors like component constraints, the supply chain
disruption from coronavirus and the factory consolidation in North America had on total revenue?

And then as a follow-up, Antonio, given how important revenue growth is for stock price performance
and valuation, can you talk about the investments you're making and the time line investors should think
about to return the company to growth? And how dependent is that path on M&A?

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Okay. Katy, thank you for the question. With respect to how much those short-term disruptions have
accounted for our revenue performance, I would say quite a lot. There are 3 things that affected our
revenue performance. These are the macro environment softness; the second thing is supply chain
constraints; and the third one is also the manufacturing node consolidation in North America. We've
taken steps to address what's under our control. Nonetheless, coronavirus has affected the tail end of the
quarter and injected a new degree of uncertainty. And when you look at the revenue performance of the
company, most of the decline came in the Compute category that we refer to in our new segmentation,
and that decline has a lot to do with what you referred to from a supply chain standpoint.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Katy, thanks for the question. I just would like to add to Tarek that we feel pretty good about the
recovery and the node consolidation that's under our control. All the other factors, Tarek explained very
well. In terms of when you think about investment long term, we have been very clear where we want to
invest.

The investment, obviously, is in Intelligent Edge. We see that as the next frontier, big opportunity for us.
We continue to do so. And I have to say I'm incredibly pleased with the Q1 performance because we said
that business will return to growth, and we show -- we demonstrated that's the case. We outperformed
the market and every single competitor there. And we are very, very pleased with the differentiation we
have in that portfolio with higher margins. So for us, that's one area of investment.

Much of that growth has happened organically. But we always look for would it make sense for us in
terms of accretive addition in terms of intellectual property and talent, right, that we want to continue to
expand that set of experience we delivered at the edge? And as I said in my opening remarks, we are on a
journey to integrate 5G and mobile edge computing on a very robust cloud-based solution called HP Aruba
Central, which is all subscription-based, and obviously, we can deliver that through GreenLake.

Obviously, the other piece of this is what I call intellectual property to make our core business stronger.
And that's all software-defined at the core with some additional, call it, intellectual property in the silicon
space. That's what the core of the Cray acquisition was all about. The Cray acquisition is all about software
in a cloud-native environment to run these big data-intensive workloads, and silicon was all about that.

And as I think about the pivot to as a service, also, we're looking for software that will make our as a
service experience unique and differentiated in a true edge-to-cloud platform. And as I announced in my
remarks, we introduced 2 key platforms: one is HPE GreenLake Central, which is the console, the control

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 03, 2020

point for managing and deploying workloads at the edge, in the core on-/off-premises, so we've added
managed services layer on top of that; and then the container platform, which is a true cloud-native
environment where you can run both legacy and cloud-based workloads.

So those are the things we are doing. But I just want to emphasize we have a very stringent, rigorous
process here on return on invested capital. And I see as an -- M&A as 1 of the 3 levers to drive innovation:
organic is one aspect; partnership is the other one; and inorganic. And I say that the last 15 acquisitions
have been part of it, has been always in that vein. And that's our goal.

Operator

Our next question will come from Jeriel Ong with Deutsche Bank.

Kanghui Ong
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

To start off, is there any guidance for revenue for the year? And focusing on the quarter itself, could you
quantify -- or for the guided quarter, could you quantify maybe how much below seasonal do you think
these coronavirus impacts and supply chain constraints could impact the next quarter?

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Okay. So let me start by the second part of your question, which is how much of an impact will the
coronavirus have on our business. Well, first, as we already flagged, the health and safety of our
employees, customers and partners is our priority. And you know that out of abundance of caution for
them, we've made the decision to cancel or postpone most of the HPE-sponsored events through April.

Unfortunately, this is also causing supply and demand disruptions and affecting our revenue profile. The
outbreak at the end of January started to impact component manufacturing and resulted in constrained
supply and higher quarter-end backlog worldwide, and we have been in constant contact with our
suppliers and are establishing specific mitigation and recovery plans. So this is affecting our revenue
profile for the full year. This is why we're not guiding in the short term. And relative to what we said at
SAM, where we were experiencing -- we're thinking we would be returning to growth in fiscal year '20, I
don't think that it is likely at this stage that we'll grow in fiscal year '20 as a whole for the fiscal year. But
we do anticipate recovery of those supply chain constraints over time and face easier comps during the
course of the year.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

I would like to add a couple of comments. One is on the coronavirus. Obviously, this is very fluid at this
point in time. There is uncertainty. We have a daily process with each of our suppliers that we manage
very, very tightly. And some of those suppliers are dependent on other suppliers because, as you can
imagine, the supply chain is a little bit longer with Tier 2, Tier 3 suppliers that provide what I call low-
level components to build what I call the printed circuit boards or the PCAs or the PCBAs, and that's a
challenge we see today. And we see recovery, but obviously, it's going to take time. And that's why Tarek
said we cannot provide right now a definite guidance. I think it would be not appropriate. And that's why
we felt prudent not to provide Q2 but because the recovery is going to happen through the year that we
felt comfortable reaffirming the 2020 guidance.

Remember, when we went to the Security Analyst Meeting in October, we said that we expect to grow
the company on a 3-year basis long-term plan of 1% to 3%. I think that piece is still complete and intact
because, as you can see, as we pivot the portfolio to higher value and higher margins, at the same time,
the pivot to as a service, which is going extremely well, and then obviously that Intelligent Edge business
growing, that's how we think about the long-term growth in the right margin profile.

Obviously, the Compute at this point in time was the challenge short term. I don't think it was off
compared to some of our peers. In fact, in some cases, we did better than our peers. But that was a
disappointment. And obviously, we need to stabilize and manage it through the supply chain recovery.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 03, 2020

Operator

Our next question will come from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.

A.M. Sacconaghi
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Yes. I have a question and a follow-up. First, I was wondering if you could provide book-to-bill information
or backlog information for the Compute business for this year relative to the end of Q1 last year. I think
that would provide incremental confidence and insight into how much of this is component in your inability
to fulfill versus how much of this is kind of a demand issue. So book-to-bill for Compute this year versus
last year and/or backlog for compute this year versus last year. And I have a follow-up, please.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Sure, Toni. Thanks for the question. I don't have the book-to-bill, but I can tell you we entered Q2, which
is the quarter we're in, with higher backlog than we anticipated. And definitely, it's more on the elevated
side. And so that's true for Compute and as well a carryover for high-performance compute, which, at the
core of that product, Toni, is the legacy HPE Apollo. So we entered Q2 with a higher elevated backlog that
we have seen.

I don't see yet -- let me qualify this. Outside China, I haven't seen yet a significant impact on demand
so far. Definitely, in China, as you know, we have a different setup with our H3C partnership there, and
you should expect a short-term impact in China. But right now, they are working through it. But I will say,
right now, we haven't seen a significant impact. If anything, actually, it creates short-term opportunities.
I can tell you because of the coronavirus, we see customers coming to us and saying, "Can you ship this
product to take care of the fact that my employees are not going to be at work." We see some demand in
specific areas of workload-optimized solutions.

And as I said in my opening remarks, we do have as awarded business, which, obviously, we have to build
and ship more than $2 billion in HPC business that we have to ship over the next several quarters in the
next 2 years. And that business is doing very well from my vantage point. But it is obviously segregated in
2 different segments: Compute; and on the other hand, HPC & Mission-Critical.

A.M. Sacconaghi
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Okay. If I could just follow up, I'd love to get your impression of the stock. It's obviously very beaten
down, and I'd like your view on that. And you've talked about your openness to doing acquisitions, and I'm
wondering if you could clarify whether there's a size limit or whether you would go to $10 billion.

But also, are there other structural moves that you would consider? So would you consider taking on debt
and aggressively repurchasing your own shares given the valuation right now, like HPQ has done? And
would you consider other portfolio moves, such as divesting businesses like, just for example, because
it's small and orphaned, A&PS or other businesses? So how -- what do you think of the stock, how big the
acquisition size? Would you think about debt repurchase and how about divestment?

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Sure. And I'm going to start, then I'm going to give it to Tarek. Let me talk about the stock. Listen, I think
it is a disappointing kind of situation, in my view. We are heavily discounted. There is no question about it.
But think about the last 9 quarters, Toni, and think about the gross margin expansion and EPS expansion
we have had. It's pretty remarkable. I mean, in the last 2 years, we expanded the margins every single
quarter, and we have expanded EPS every single quarter. So my vantage point, we have done the right
things. We have made the company leaner, meaner, and at the same time, we have taken big, big, big
challenges, and we have managed it through. So I think, for us, is to continue to focus on the areas where
we see the opportunity to compete and win in higher margins, but obviously, the stock also is thinking

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 03, 2020

about long-term growth, and I understand that. And obviously, a big component of that is our Compute
business. But in the end, I think the stock is heavily discounted, and I'm disappointed in that.

On the M&A, we have been very clear since day 1 that we look at assets that they are accessible, that
generally are accretive or we can manage the dilution very quickly. But ultimately, it has to have strategic
fit in the context of our strategy, obviously, whether it's the edge-to-cloud architecture and pivoting to
as a service. I think the assets we have acquired makes complete sense from that vantage point, and
we have delivered strong results. Size is important, but I will say it's more strategic fit and obviously
the return on that investment capital, which we have incredible strong discipline and where we have
demonstrated that over the last 2 years.

And so maybe I will go pass it now to Tarek because you asked the question about taking debt and buying
stock and so forth.

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So Toni, I would say -- Antonio answered the question on the stock. I would simply point to you at
the performance of the various parts of our business, the Intelligent Edge, which has outperformed the
sector quite substantially this quarter, what's the value of that? If you look at our Storage business, which
has done better than most of the players in the market and is of the same size as a very large pure-play
listed company, what's the value of that? And if you look at our HPC & MCS business and the $2 billion
of backlog contracted revenues that would come in, what's the value of that? And then you have to look
at other players in the sector and compare our Compute business to them and see that also for those
players, the Compute business is valued negatively from an equity standpoint. But it does generate cash,
and we have to figure that out.

Finally, let me finish by saying H3C, the put option, what's the value of that? It's a listed company, and
it's pretty substantial. So I'll let you conclude whether the stock is beaten down or not and how much it's
beaten down. And you probably, in your own question, you have the answer.

With respect to acquisitions -- sorry, go ahead.

A.M. Sacconaghi
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

No. I was just going to say, you basically said I think it's really beaten down, especially on some of the
parts. So then are you or why wouldn't you consider much more aggressively repurchasing your own
shares at these levels?

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

So the thing that we -- let me just finish up answering the other part, and I'll come back to your question
on buying shares. With respect to acquisitions, Antonio answered very, very clearly. We remain disciplined
in that field. We're not going to look at acquisitions that don't fit our investment criteria from an accretion/
dilution standpoint. It's very, very important we do that.

A&PS, specifically for A&PS, it's a very strategic business that pulls a lot of revenue and profits in other
parts of the organization, and it's essential for enabling the as a service pivot.

Now coming back on to your question with respect to aggressive buybacks, we did in the past 2 years
execute a $7 billion capital return program to shareholders. We returned $2.9 billion by way of dividends
and $4.1 billion by way of buybacks. And what we did flag at SAM is the fact that we are going to continue
to return capital to shareholders in line with our free cash flow generation capacity. We're not going to
deviate from this because it's important that we continue to think about the long-term value of those
businesses, and each one of those businesses has its own investment profile and needs to be therefore
catered for.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 03, 2020

Our next question will come from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

I wanted to look more at your cost-cutting actions. I think you talked about taking actions during the
current quarter, which may be curtailing travel, which obviously would save money. But more importantly,
how are you thinking about the expansion of Next? Is this sort of a reevaluation of your cost base? Or is it
more sort of a continuation of your usual productivity actions? And then I have a follow-up.

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So thank you, Shannon, for this question. First and foremost, you may recall when I joined HPE 14
months ago, I used the expression at SAM in 2018 that looking at our cost structure was akin to a fitness
exercise. And it's always important that we look at our cost structure based on the revenue profile that we
have, and it's no different right now. Specifically to HPE Next, we are continuing the implementation of the
program in that context where we have to align our cost structure to the new business climate that exists.
We're not announcing a new restructuring plan, and what is happening is that through the implementation
of the new segmentation, we have identified new savings opportunities in each of the businesses, and we'll
continue to streamline our operations in that context.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

I will say, Shannon, a couple of things. So I think the work we have done in the last 2 years give us
insights on how we can streamline our operations and be even more agile and focus on everything we do.
And as you recall, the HPE Next was really transformative from the process standpoint as well as from
the IT perspective. And I will say, for the vast majority, everything was executed flawlessly, and we have
delivered the results of the gross margin expansion you see. As we implemented this new segmentation,
now we can see through even better visibility on what else we can go do. And as Tarek just said it, right,
the reality is you never stop focusing on improving your operations. And because HPE Next actually at the
core was a cultural transformation, it gave us the ability now to take further actions, which are actually, I
will argue, timely considering the uncertainty we live in. But it's to do the hard things now as these things
recover to come on the other end even stronger than before.

On the short-term actions, I think, first, we have to protect our employees, first and foremost. I think it's
important, and that was the first step. And then, obviously, that comes with the benefits from the savings,
but I want to be clear, this is all about protecting our employees to make sure they don't get exposed for
things they don't need to.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

And then can you talk a little bit about what you've seen just in the last couple of weeks in terms of
production capability or capacity and things coming online? I'm just curious because some of the other
companies in the space have started to mention that they're seeing some improvement in the supply
chain, again, this is more on the China side, but just in terms of availability of components in that. And
one we talked to even indicated that almost on a daily basis, things were getting better. So I'm just
curious as to if you can talk at all about near-term trends.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Yes. No. That's correct. We see kind of the same thing. Obviously, some companies have been aligned for
some time, and they have been recovering on a daily basis the output of their facilities or their capacity.
Obviously, the biggest constraint they had at the time was labor because, obviously, depending on the
region within China, but eventually became the entire China, for the most part, is the health measures and
certifications that they have to go through. But in general, I will say it's progressed every single day, and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 03, 2020

whether it's people coming online or people improving the output of whatever we're already doing. And so
that's progressing.

And so you have to take it day by day. And obviously, what we're doing is, because we have a global
supply chain here, is China is one aspect, but also how we manage inventory and how we manage the
distribution of those orders in a way we can maximize the return while these things gets back to normal.

That's how we are managing. And to be honest, we have a very stringent process with war rooms and
talking to suppliers every single day. I personally have talked to at least 50 of them myself and have direct
contact with each of them.

Operator

Our next question will come from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Your free cash flow guidance came down, but EPS did not. I was wondering, are you still expecting
the same operating profit dollars? Or are there other items, some benefits below the line that are
contemplated within your guidance? And I have a follow-up.

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thank you, Wamsi. So you remember last year, this time of the year, we did say that from a free cash
flow standpoint, working capital would be a contributor to cash. And that is what happened last year. This
year, we have attained the point where our cash conversion cycle is negative. And whilst we do deliver
the EPS guide, and we confirmed it for Antonio, the drop in revenue will inevitably have a drag on the free
cash flow generation. That is because we have a negative free cash flow cycle.

So the way cash tracks earnings is a combination of what happens in the P&L at EPS level but also the
working capital component that comes with the P&L and the revenue from the accounts receivables side
and also the fact that we need to build inventory to be able to cater for the supply chain shortages that we
explained. That is what is behind the difference between the P&L EPS performance and the free cash flow
guide that we put forward.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

And I will say, in 2020, obviously, it's a timing issue as we recover the supply chain. And that is a timing
from the -- when we can build and ship these products, obviously, and also the fact that we have to
rebuild some of the inventory because as the operations in China and other parts of the world maybe were
impacted, we had to manage that inventory, and now we have to rebuild it back over time.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. Antonio, you commented on sort of the uncertainty surrounding 2Q, but you also seem to be
confident on the fiscal year guide. I understand HPE Next is under your control, but what gives you
confidence that this demand comes back? It's clear that things in China are improving, but when you sort
of think about the demand environment globally, what gives you confidence that the demand is going to
come back in the second half? Because that's what it seems implicitly what is embedded in your full year
guide.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I mean, first, let's start with some of the businesses I have reported earlier and Tarek provided detail.
Obviously, the Intelligent Edge, we see continued momentum. That is continuing right now as we speak.
We feel pretty good about that. Much of the supply chain is not gated in China for the Intelligent Edge,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 03, 2020

so that's a positive news. Then, obviously, on high-performance computing, that demand continues to be
solid, and we have a very interesting pipeline ahead of us with a unique, differentiated portfolio. So the
need for processing data through AI, machine learning, big data-intensive workloads continue to be very
high. That's not stopping.

As we think about these new storage platforms, particularly what I call Intelligent Data platform, the data
growth requires that the data gets stored and gets managed and ultimately insights are extracted from it.
So that's positive as well.

Right now, as I said earlier, as we enter Q2, we enter with a sizable backlog because we couldn't ship it in
Q1 everything we wanted. And at the same time, we haven't seen yet outside China a significant impact.
But obviously, as we think about the second -- back of the year here, obviously, we expect to -- things
to return to a level of normalcy that eventually will allow us to continue to progress against that. That's
how I see it right now. And because of everything we do, both from a mix perspective, with the pivot
to, obviously, as a service, which is a long-term opportunity and growing, and the fact we're taking our
own actions here with HPE Next and other ones, that's where, at this point in time, we felt comfortable in
affirming the original guidance that we provided here on EPS. But we felt prudent to adjust the cash flow
for the dynamics Tarek explained earlier.

Operator

Our final question will come from Simon Leopold with Raymond James.

Simon Matthew Leopold
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

I've got 2, one is probably really simple, so I'll ask that one first, and then a follow-up. What are your
expectations for the full year's net CapEx? If you could answer that, and then I've got a follow-up.

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Look, net CapEx for this year is not a particularly large number. In this first half of the year, we have
benefited from in-plan sales that have reduced our overall CapEx consumption, and we think that from
a CapEx standpoint, we're in line with prior years. I don't see, beyond the first quarter performance, a
significant uptick in CapEx this year.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

We don't have any specific CapEx expenditures that are extraordinary from what we have seen before.

Simon Matthew Leopold
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then the other one I wanted to see if you could give us some better insight is to understand
how much money you would be able to borrow, say, for acquisitions or other purposes yet still maintain
your investment-grade credit rating. I believe that's important to you. So just -- I want to get a better
understanding of what the sort of maximum borrowing could be.

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Well, it really depends on what you borrow the money for, to some extent, right? And that's the question.
But if you really want to look at how do we maintain our investment-grade rating and what would be our
borrowing capacity maintaining that investment-grade rating, it's probably around the $5 billion mark.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

But I want to make sure that one thing is clear, right? We are committed to maintain our credit rating.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 03, 2020

Andrew Simanek
VP, Head of Investor Relations & Director

Great. I think with that, we can close down the call.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

All right. Thank you.

Andrew Simanek
VP, Head of Investor Relations & Director

Thank you, everyone, for joining us.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our call for today. Thank you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 03, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

