Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company 

NYSE:HPE
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, June 01, 2021 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.42

Revenue  (mm)

6747.24

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-28-2021 5:15 AM GMT

0.42

6607.24

1.84

1.93

27659.43

28123.97

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.29

0.23

0.34

0.42

0.22

0.32

0.37

0.52

SURPRISE

(24.14 %)

39.13 %

8.82 %

23.81 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 01, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew Simanek
VP, Head of Investor Relations &
Director

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Aaron Christopher Rakers
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Kyle P. McNealy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Shek Ming Ho
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 01, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2021 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Earnings
Conference Call. My name is Matt, and I'll be your conference moderator for today's call. [Operator
Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.

I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Andrew Simanek, Vice
President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.

Andrew Simanek
VP, Head of Investor Relations & Director

Good afternoon. I'm Andy Simanek of Investor Relations for Hewlett Packard Enterprise. I'd like to
welcome you to our fiscal 2021 second quarter earnings conference call with Antonio Neri, HPE's President
and Chief Executive Officer; and Tarek Robbiati, HPE's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

Before handing the call over to Antonio, let me remind you that this call is being webcast. A replay of the
webcast will be made available shortly after the call for approximately 1 year.

We posted the press release and the slide presentation accompanying today's earnings release on our HPE
Investor Relations web page at investors.hpe.com. As always, elements of this presentation are forward-
looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. For more
detailed information, please see the disclaimers on the earnings materials relating to forward-looking
statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. For a discussion of some of these risks,
uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to HPE's filings with the SEC, including its most recent Form
10-K and Form 10-Q. HPE assumes no obligation and does not intend to update any such forward-looking
statements.

We also note that the financial information discussed on this call reflects estimates based on information
available at this time and could differ materially from the amounts ultimately reported in HPE's quarterly
report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2021.

Also, for financial information that has been expressed on a non-GAAP basis, we have provided
reconciliations to the comparable GAAP information on our website. Please refer to the tables and slide
presentation accompanying today's earnings release on our website for details.

Throughout this conference call, all revenue growth rates, unless noted otherwise, are presented on a
year-over-year basis and adjusted to exclude the impact of currency.

Finally, after Antonio provides his high-level remarks, Tarek will be referencing the slides and our earnings
presentation throughout his prepared remarks. As mentioned, the earnings presentation can be found and
posted to our website and is also embedded within the webcast player for this earnings call. With that, let
me turn it over to Antonio.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Andy, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. While great progress is
made in the fight against COVID, it's also clear that it's still a global challenge. I want to take a moment
to acknowledge the suffering occurring in India and elsewhere as communities confront devastating
COVID surges. We will continue to do everything we can to support our team members, customers and
communities through this very challenging time.

Hewlett Packard Enterprise had a strong second quarter. I'm very pleased with our results and that they
are marked by revenue growth, strong profitability and free cash flow. The overall demand environment is
improving, and we are seeing traction across our portfolio.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 01, 2021

We saw solid sequential improvement in total HPE orders growth that was up mid-single digits with
double-digit growth in HPE GreenLake and HPC business segments. We expect to continue to see
improvement in customer IT spending throughout 2021. Our disciplined execution on our strategic
priorities outlined at the Security Analyst Meeting last fall is positively impacting both top and bottom
line performance. We are strengthening our core businesses, doubling down in key areas of growth and
accelerating our ultra service pivot while advancing our cloud-first innovation agenda to become the edge-
to-cloud Platform-as-a-Service choice for our customers and partners.

We have also executed well throughout the industry-wide tightening and cost inflationary trends with
minimal impact to our first half. We have taken proactive inventory buffering measures to position us well
for the second half. We will continue to take additional inventory actions as appropriate, in alignment to
the market demand by leveraging great engineering capabilities and our long-term agreements with our
suppliers. Our continued strong performance give us the confidence to raise our fiscal year '21 EPS and
free cash flow outlook for the third time since our Security Analyst Meeting. We will provide more details
about this new guidance later in the call.

First, let me review some key Q2 highlights. Revenue of $6.7 billion was up 9% year-over-year, with
better-than-normal sequential seasonality. I'm particularly pleased with the double-digit revenue growth
in both our HPC and Intelligent Edge businesses that together now represents 2 -- 22% of our HPE total
revenue.

Our as-a-Service annual recurring revenue growth was an impressive 30% year-over-year, which
underscores our momentum in enabling consumption-based IT. This is an important long-term growth
driver for our company.

We made significant improvements in both gross and operating margins. Our non-GAAP gross margin of
34.3% is at record level and up 210 basis points year-over-year. Our non-GAAP operating profit of 10.2%
is up 300 basis points year-over-year. And our non-GAAP EPS of $0.46 is up 70% year-over-year and
above the high end of our outlook range. These results contribute to Q2 free cash flow of $368 million,
which is up $770 million year-over-year, bringing our first half fiscal year '21 free cash flow to a record
$931 million.

Tarek will discuss the financial results and outlook in greater detail. Before he does that, I want to provide
additional comments on our business segment performance and highlight some of the innovative solutions
and experiences we introduced during the quarter.

HPE has been a driving transformation in our businesses to deliver a modern secure cloud experience
everywhere to help our customers with their digital transformations. Our Intelligent Edge business
accelerated its momentum with an outstanding quarter across all metrics. Revenue of $799 million
grew 17% year-over-year, and operating profit expanded 320 basis points year-over-year. This is the
third consecutive quarter of year-over-year revenue growth and sixth consecutive quarter of operating
profit expansion. Edge-as-a-Service offerings were up triple digits year-over-year and now a meaningful
contributor to HPE's overall ARR.

Extended to the edge has never been more critical for enterprises. At Aruba Atmosphere, our signature
event for Aruba customers and partners, we announced an expansive set of cross-portfolio edge-to-cloud
security integrations for our Aruba Edge Services Platform, or ESP, including SD-WAN technology from our
recent Silver Peak acquisition.

Today, our Aruba Edge Services platform already supports well over 100,000 customers with 150 new
customers added every day, connecting over 1 billion active devices. Aruba building identity network
security is unique in the market and provides the ideal foundation for building a zero trust and Secure
Access Service Edge.

Our comprehensive portfolio and AI-powered, cloud-driven platforms like Aruba ESP and Aruba Central
will continue to accelerate WAN and security deployment, advanced cloud and IoT adoption and fast track
digital transformation. Customers like Walgreens Boots Alliance and Mercado Libre chose Aruba in Q2 for
these reasons.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 01, 2021

I am tremendously pleased with Aruba's impressive performance, and it is against this successful
backdrop that I want to share that Aruba founder, Keerti Melkote, has made the decision to retire from
HPE. We acquired Aruba in 2015 when we saw the edge as the next frontier. Aruba and Keerti has been
instrumental in accelerating this business to the $3 billion business it is today. I'm incredibly grateful for
his leadership, and I have personally benefited from his counsel, knowledge and friendship. Keerti will
remain as an adviser to me for the remainder of 2021.

I am pleased to announce that effective today, Phil Mottram will take over the leadership of our Aruba
Intelligent Edge business. Phil is a result-driven leader with extensive experience implementing growth
strategies and leading transformation initiatives. He joined HPE in 2019 and most recently assumed the
role as the General Manager of our Communications Technology Group, leading a team of more than 5,000
team members who drive $500 million in CPG-specific revenue and $3.5 billion in total revenue for HPE.
I'm excited to welcome Phil into this new role and believe he is the perfect fit to ensure we maintain our
leadership position and strong momentum in the market.

In our High Performance Compute & Mission Critical Solutions business, revenue of $685 million was up
11% year-over-year. We are the undisputed market leader with an industry-leading portfolio in AI and
people learning solutions for the new Age of Insight. We continue to execute on over $2 billion in awarded
contract, and we are pursuing a robust pipeline of another $5 billion in market opportunity over the next 3
years.

In Q2, we announced several new HPC systems deals and collaborations. This includes building new
supercomputer to advance scientific research for the Swiss National Supercomputing Centre, the United
States Department of Energy Los Alamos National Laboratory and the National Supercomputing Center in
Singapore. As we have noted on previous calls, this is an inherently lumpy business due to the lead times
between ordinary revenue recognition, but we remain on track to deliver our target of 8% to 12% annual
growth in this business this year.

Our Compute and Storage businesses performed very well in the quarter. Our strategy to grow in
profitable segments of the market and pivot to more as-a-Service solutions is paying off. In Compute,
revenue of $3 billion was up 10% year-over-year. We drove strong operational performance, expanding
operating margins by 550 basis points. We expanded our portfolio with the latest AMD EPYC and Intel
Xeon Scalable Processors, which include launching 3 new HPE ProLiant solutions targeting 5G deployments
in telco, virtual desktop infrastructure and storage optimized solutions for database workloads in
enterprise.

In Storage, revenue of $1.1 billion was up 3% year-over-year with a strong operating profit of 16.8%,
up 110 basis points year-over-year. We continue to see strength in key software-defined solutions, which
drive our ability to attach rich services to our product offerings. HPE Primera and Nimble dHCI both grew
triple digits. Our HPE's All-Flash Array portfolio grew 20%.

On May 4, we introduced a new portfolio of cloud-native data infrastructure called HPE Alletra. This
portfolio delivers workload-optimized systems and provides customers with architectural flexibility to
run any application without compromise from edge to cloud with a cloud operational experience. These
innovations are propelling our storage business into our cloud-native software-defined data services
business.

Our pivot to as-a-Service continued its strong momentum. Our annualized revenue run rate of $678
million was up 30% year-over-year. We saw strong total as-a-Service order growth of 41%. Over 900 go-
to-market partners are now actively selling HPE GreenLake as a part of their own marketplace. And we
average a 95% renewal rate with billings from those customers at 124% usage of the regional contract
commitments.

We have an unmatched portfolio of hybrid cloud services that spans all aspects of networking, compute,
storage, VMs, containers, ML Ops, HPC and more. On the innovation front, we announced a transformative
new data storage services platform that brings a cloud operational model to whatever data it is by unifying
data operations. The platform will be available through HPE GreenLake Central and includes a new data

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 01, 2021

services cloud console and a suite of software subscription services that simplifies and automates global
infrastructure and scale.

Our industry-leading HPE GreenLake Cloud Services experience enable us to gain more than 90
new customers during the quarter. Carestream is a great recent customer, for example. In a 3 years
multimillion-dollar deal, Carestream selected HPE GreenLake Cloud Services with HPE Ezmeral software
HPE Pointnext services to power a transformative new health care initiative based on Artificial Intelligence-
as-a-Service.

We will continue to invest aggressively in HPE GreenLake Cloud Services to provide a true cloud
experience and operating model, whether at-the-edge, on-premise or across multiple clouds. HPE's
businesses that provide services and capability of our customers recently transformed also performed well
in Q2.

HPE Pointnext Operational Services had another solid quarter with revenue growing year-over-year as
reported. We expect to see growth for the full fiscal year, driven by our growing services intensity and
other service momentum.

HPE Financial Services continue to play an important role helping our customers as they rebuild and
rethink their IT transformation requirements. Cash collections continue to improve, and HPE FS delivered a
return on equity of 18.3%, well above pre-pandemic levels. This business continued to perform very well.

Over the past year, our global communities have faced a catastrophic health crisis and significant
business disruption. At HPE, we accelerated our strategy to be the edge-to-cloud Platform-as-a-Service
company to support our customers' rapidly changing needs, who have defined our 60,000 team members'
demonstrated amazing agility and perseverance. And I'm tremendously proud of our team members'
response during this unprecedented time. I want to thank them for their commitment and passion that has
made HPE stronger and better positioned in a world that is forever changed.

As businesses emerge from the pandemic and move beyond the realities of COVID, digital transformation
is at the forefront of their strategic initiatives. At our Discover event on June 22, you will hear more about
how HPE is at the center of this super-charged digital economy. Our edge-to-cloud architecture, software
and solutions all delivered as-a-Service will continue to help our customers transform their businesses,
optimize their applications, and data clouds are increasingly distributing work and be future-ready today.
I'm excited about our momentum, and I believe the HPE represents a strong investment opportunity for
our shareholders.

With that, let me turn it over to Tarek to review the quarter's results.

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you very much, Antonio. I'll start with a summary of our financial results for the second quarter of
fiscal year '21. As usual, I'll be referencing the slides from our earnings presentation to guide you through
our performance in the quarter. Antonio discussed the key highlights for this quarter on Slide 1, and now
let me discuss our financial performance, starting with Slide 2.

I am very pleased to report that our Q2 results reflect continued momentum in revenue, strong growth
and operating margin expansion and robust cash flow generation.

We delivered Q2 revenues of $6.7 billion, up 9% from the prior year period, a level better than our normal
sequential seasonality. I am particularly proud of the fact that our non-GAAP gross margin is at the record
level of 34.3%, up 210 basis points from the prior year period and up 60 basis points sequentially. This
was driven by strong pricing discipline, cost takeouts and an ongoing favorable mix shift towards higher-
margin, software-rich offering. Our non-GAAP operating expenses increased in the quarter, as we've
previously indicated due to the planned hiring increases along with R&D and go-to-market investments,
this offset by our continued progress delivering on the savings from our cost optimization plan, which is on
track.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 01, 2021

Even with our investments, our non-GAAP operating margin was 10.2%. That is up 300 basis points from
our prior year, which translates to a 59% year-over-year increase in operating profit. Within other income
and expense, we benefited from onetime gains related to increased valuations in our Cohesity and IonQ
investments within our Pathfinder venture portfolio. As a result, we now expect other income and expense
for the full year in fiscal year '21 to be an expense of approximately $50 million.

With strong execution across the business, we ended the quarter with non-GAAP EPS of $0.46, up 70%
from the prior year and meaningfully above the higher end of our outlook range for Q2. Q2 cash flow from
operations was $822 million and free cash flow was $368 million, up $770 million from the prior year,
driven by better profitability and strong operational discipline as well as working capital benefits. This
puts us at a record level of free cash flow for the first half at $931 million. Finally, we paid $156 million of
dividends in the quarter and are declaring a Q3 dividend today of $0.12 per share payable in July.

Now let's turn to our segment highlights on Slide 3. In Intelligent Edge, we accelerated our momentum
with rich software capabilities to meet robust customer demand, delivering 17% year-over-year revenue
growth across the portfolio. Switching was up 17% year-over-year, and wireless LAN was up 16%.
Additionally, the Edge-as-a-Service offerings were up triple digits year-over-year and now represent a
meaningful contribution to HPE's overall ARR.

We also continue to see strong operating margins at 15.5% in Q2, up 320 basis points year-over-
year, which is the sixth consecutive quarter of year-over-year operating margin expansion. Silver Peak
continues to perform well, leveraging the high-growth SD-WAN market opportunity and contributed about
5 points to the Intelligent Edge top line growth.

In HPC-MCS, revenue grew 11% year-over-year as we continue to achieve more customer acceptance
milestones and deliver on our more than $2 billion of awarded contracts. We remain on track to deliver on
our full year and 3-year revenue growth CAGR target of 8% to 12%.

In Compute, revenue grew 10% year-over-year and was down just 1% sequentially, reflecting much
stronger-than-normal sequential seasonality. Operating margins were up meaningfully year-over-year due
to disciplined pricing and the rightsizing of the cost structure in this segment. We ended the quarter with
an operating profit margin of 11.3%, up 550 basis points from the prior year period and towards the upper
range of our long-term margin guidance for these segments provided at SAM.

Within Storage, revenue grew 3% year-over-year, driven by strong growth in software-defined offerings.
Nimble grew 17% with ongoing strong dHCI momentum growing triple digits. All-Flash Arrays grew 20%
year-over-year, led by Primera, that was up triple digits and is expected to surpass 3PAR sales next
quarter.

The mix shift towards our more software-rich platforms and operational execution helped drive storage
operating profit margin to 16.8%, up 110 basis points year-over-year. With respect to Pointnext
operational services, including Nimble services, revenue grew for the second consecutive quarter year-
over-year as reported with further growth expected for the full year of fiscal year '21. This has been
driven by the increased focus of our BU segments on selling product and service bundles, improve service
intensity and our growing as-a-Service business, which I'll remind you, enrolls service attach rates of
100%. This is very, very important to note because all of our OS revenue is recurring with 3-year average
contract length, and OS is the highest operating margin contributor to our segments.

Within HPE Financial Services, revenue was down 3% year-over-year as the pandemic did not materially
impact this business until later in 2020. As expected, we are seeing continued sequential improvements
in our bad debt loss ratios ending this quarter at just 75 basis points, which continues to be best-in-
class within the industry. We have also seen improved cash collections well above pre-COVID levels. Our
operating margin in this segment was 10.8%, up 160 basis points from the prior year and our return on
equity at 18.3% is well above pre-pandemic levels and the 15%-plus target that we set at SAM.

Slide 4 highlights key metrics of our growing as-a-Service business. Similar to the past couple of quarters,
we are making great strides in our as-a-Service offering with over 90 new enterprise GreenLake customers
added. That is in Q2, bringing the total to well over 1,000.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 01, 2021

I am pleased to report that our Q2 '21 ARR was $678 million, which was up 30% year-over-year as
reported. Total as-a-Service orders were up 41% year-over-year, driven by strong performance in North
America and Central Europe. Our Edge-as-a-Service offerings also continued to grow revenue strong triple
digits year-over-year.

Based on strong customer demand and recent wins, I am very happy with how this business is executing
and progressing towards achieving our ARR growth targets of 30% to 40%, a CAGR from FY '20 to FY '23.

Slide 5 highlights our revenue and EPS performance to date where you can clearly see the strong rebound
and momentum from our Q2 '20 trough. For the past 2 quarters, revenue has exceeded our normal
sequential seasonality, reflecting the improving demand environment. And with the operational execution
of our cost optimization and resource allocation program, we have increased non-GAAP EPS in Q2 by 70%
year-over-year.

Turning to Slide 6. We delivered a record non-GAAP gross margin rate in Q2 of 34.3% of revenues, which
was up 60 basis points sequentially and up 210 basis points from the prior year. This was driven by strong
pricing discipline, operational services margin expansion from cost takeout and automation and a positive
mix shift towards high-margin, software-rich businesses like the Intelligent Edge and next-generation
storage offering.

We have also benefited from the new segmentation we implemented beginning of fiscal year '20 that has
given us much better visibility into each business unit and enabled better operational discipline.

Moving to Slide 7. You can also see we have expanded non-GAAP operating profit margin substantially
from pandemic lows of -- to 10.2%, which is up 300 basis points from the prior year period. We have done
this by driving further productivity benefits and delivering the expected savings from our cost optimization
plan while simultaneously increasing our investment levels in R&D and field selling costs, which are critical
to fuel our long-term innovation engine and revenue growth targets. Q2 operating expenses also included
planned increased hiring and spending on select investment to drive further growth.

Turning to Slide 8. We generated a record first half levels of cash flow with $1.8 billion of cash flow from
operations and $931 million of free cash flow, which is up $1.5 billion year-over-year. This was primarily
driven by the increased profitability, strong operational discipline and some in near timing-related benefits.
I would like to underscore that this year, our free cash flow profile seasonality will be different as a result
of our back-end-loaded restructuring costs and investment in inventory for our supply chain to cater for
rising demand and chip shortages as the economic recovery accelerate.

Now moving on to Slide 9, let me remind everyone about the strength of our diversified balance sheet.
As of April 30 quarter end, we have improved the operating company to a net cash neutral position with
our strong free cash flow. Furthermore, we have made good progress securitizing some financial services-
related debt through the ABS market and expect to have close to all of the U.S. portfolio securitized by
year-end. The refinancing of higher cost unsecured debt with ABS financing allows us to boost access to
financing markets at a cheaper cost of debt capital as well as diversifying and segregating our balance
sheet between our operating company and our financial services business.

Bottom line, our improved free cash flow outlook and cash position ensures we have ample liquidity
available to run our operations, continue to invest in our business, drive growth and execute on our
strategy.

Now turning to our outlook on Slide 10. I am very pleased to announce that we are once again raising
our full year guidance to reflect the continued momentum in the demand environment and our strong
operational performance to date. This will be our third guidance increase in SAM in October 2020. We now
expect to grow non-GAAP operating profit by 25% to 35% and deliver fiscal year '21 non-GAAP diluted net
earnings per share between $1.82 and $1.94. This is a $0.09 per share improvement at the midpoint of
our prior EPS guidance of $1.70 to $1.88 and a $0.22 per share improvement at the midpoint since SAM.

With respect to supply chain, we have executed well to date with minimal impact and continue to take
proactive inventory measures where possible. We do see further industry-wide tightening and inflation
persisting in the near term, which has been factored in our outlook from both a revenue and cost

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 01, 2021

perspective. But overall demand remains strong. From a top line perspective, we are pleased with the
momentum we saw in the first half. And while we continue to see further demand improvement, we
remain prudent as certain geographies continue to navigate the pandemic, and we continue to observe
uncertainties in the supply of commodity.

More specifically for Q3 '21, we expect revenue to be in line with our normal sequential seasonality of
up low single digits from Q2. For Q3 '21, we expect GAAP diluted net EPS of $0.04 to $0.10 and non-
GAAP diluted net EPS of $0.38 to $0.44. Additionally, given our record levels of cash flow in the first half
and raised earnings outlook, I am very pleased to announce that we are also raising FY '21 free cash
flow guidance to $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion. That is a $350 million increase at the midpoint from our
original SAM guidance. So overall, Antonio and I are very proud of the progress we have made in the first
half. We have navigated well through the pandemic and are exiting the first half with improved revenue
momentum, strong profitability and robust cash flow.

Our growth businesses in the Intelligent Edge and HPC-MCS have accelerated top line performance. Our
core business of Compute and Storage revenues are growing with improved margins, and our as-a-Service
ARR is accelerating. We also continue to execute well against our cost optimization and resource allocation
program, which has made us leaner, better resourced and positioned to capitalize on the economic
recovery currently at play.
Now with that, let's open it up for questions. Thank you.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 01, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Securities, Research Division

Yes. Congrats on another beat and full year free cash flow raise. I was wondering if you can dig a little bit
more into the guidance dynamics. You're guiding 3Q a little bit below The Street, 4Q slightly higher. Can
you maybe address what the visibility you have into 4Q is and how much of supply chain impact are you
baking in into 3Q, 4Q? Is that both the demand and the cost level?

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Wamsi, it's Tarek here. So let me try and dissect the guidance we gave for Q3 and also the full year.
So putting things in perspective. First, you know we are raising our FY '21 EPS outlook by $0.09 at the
midpoint to $1.82 to $1.94 based on our Q2 outperformance. And we feel very confident for the rest of
the year. This reflects what we see as continued improvement in customer spending, but also we want to
remain prudent given the remaining pandemic and supply chain uncertainty.

Specifically for Q3, it's important to note that we do expect revenue growth in line with normal FY '18, FY
'19 sequential seasonality of up low single digits. We anchored you on FY '18 -- FY '19 and not last year
because of the disruption we suffered in the supply chain last year. So it's better to look at it from an FY
'18, FY '19 viewpoint.

You should expect that gross margins hold roughly flat relative to our H1 levels, near just under 34%.
OpEx should be up somewhat as we continue to make select investments aligned to our strategy in
key growth areas, and this is partially offset by further efficiencies we find. But most importantly, it is
important that you note that OI&E will flip to an expense overall in the full year, and therefore, in the
second half.

OI&E in Q1 was a positive income, and Q2 was a positive income. And now we're expecting for the full
year '21 a $50 million expense, hence, the guidance that we're giving you overall for Q3. You can expect
that the tax rate will be unchanged at 14%, like we said at SAM. And the net of all of this is that we
expect our Q3 non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.38 to $0.44, and we feel pretty comfortable about
it.

Operator

Our next question will come from Matt Sheerin with Stifel.

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Yes. Just wanted to ask your take on the forward guidance, which implies low single-digit sequential
growth following above seasonal quarter in the April quarter. It sounds like backlog continues to be strong.
So are there particular pockets of areas where you're seeing a slowdown or maybe more cautious outlook
for -- from customers because they're still dealing with the pandemic issues?

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Maybe I'll start. I know Tarek has many comments. I mean we see strong demand momentum right now.
We quoted in our remarks that we're up mid-single digits and, therefore, we translate that conversion
into revenue. But obviously, part of the improvement could come from the HPC acceptances. Remember
that on HPC, our order to revenue is a little bit more lumpy because of the time between orders and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 01, 2021

revenue takes longer. But overall, what we are confident is the fact that we see obviously IT demand
improving. But I'm really pleased with our innovation and our ability to execute against that innovation.
The innovation we have across the portfolio is perfectly timed what we see in today's environment.

We live in a much more distributed enterprise. Obviously, digital transformation is essential to operate in
this digital economy, and the first step is connectivity. And I have to tell you, the Intelligent Edge business
is absolutely incredibly strong. You saw in actual dollars, almost 20%. And we expect to continue to be
super strong for the balance of the year into 2022, honestly. And that's because we have a business at
scale. You have a massive business at scale, and to give a point of reference, we already have 100,000
customers on that platform.

We have 150 customers every day. We manage more than 1.1 million devices. And honestly, we actually
manage data of 1 billion plus per hour, data points that comes through our cloud. And so we expect that
to continue to be very strong. I think the core business has definitely stabilized, and we see pockets of
improvement, particularly with Storage. And then the other service will continue to stay strong.

Again, we are cautious about the supply chain aspect of this. But we position ourselves well for the second
half, and that was all factored in our guidance, absolutely well factored in our guidance, so it's why we
raised the guidance.

Operator

Our next question will come from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Congrats on the quarter as well. I want to come back, Tarek, to just reconciling the improving growth
trajectory in all of your segments with the second half EPS guidance that assumes well below normal
seasonality or about 40% of EPS coming in the back half versus past years. You typically have low to
mid-50% second half EPS mix.

I think I heard you mention supply chain constraints and being cautious around that and COVID, in
general, cost inflation, investments you're making and then the OI&E dynamics. Can you just rank those
-- well, first, did I forget any? And then can you just rank those factors in terms of which are having the
most impact on your back half EPS guidance?

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thank you, Katy. So let me try and add a little bit more color to what we said already. So first of all,
remember our cost optimization and allocation program. We exited FY '20 very lean, and this has driven a
very strong performance in Q1 at $0.52 per share. This is a level of earnings that was actually benefiting
from the fact that we have a very strong run rate entering into Q1.

In Q2, you saw that momentum continuing with the EPS that we posted at $0.46 per share. Very
comfortable with the level of investments that we are making, and this is also showing in the gross and
operating margin expansion that we've demonstrated so far.

So now when you also look at how this translates into free cash flow, obviously, we had a lot of free cash
flow benefits into Q1, Q2 as a result of the earnings strength and which translated into free cash flow.
But moving forward, what you have to factor into the guidance on earnings is the fact that there is some
degree of uncertainty on supply chain, although, as Antonio said, the demand is very strong across the
board. The demand is very strong in Aruba. The demand is very strong in Compute. And you can see that
with units going up year-over-year. And also in HPC-MCS, we are seeing the revenue trending in the range
that we guided at SAM. This is all good.

Having said that, we have also to reckon 2 other dynamics aside from the cost optimization program
and the demand. The other dynamic is OI&E, which affects EPS in Q3 and Q4. Q1, Q2, we had 2 income

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 01, 2021

quarters as far as OI&E is concerned. They flip into an expense of $50 million for the full year; gives you
an order of magnitude of what would be the EPS for each one of Q3, Q4.

And then on free cash flow, the other final element that drives it is we have to deal with supply chain, and
we continue to buffer inventory to be ready for the demand in fiscal year '21 for the second half, but also
fiscal year '22. We do not expect that the situation on inventory is going to be all of a sudden setting up
across the world and across the industries. And we've taken steps, and we'll continue to do so.

So overall, we're managing, I would say, the resurgent demand environment very well. We're lean from an
organization standpoint. Our earnings power is shown by the margins we're posting. And also, you could
see that what we're doing on free cash flow, we're doing very, very well. So hopefully, that gives you color
to your questions with the rankings of the various effects at play.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Katy, this is Antonio. I just want to reinforce a couple of things. I understand the normal sequential
seasonality, people trying to get into it. But the fact of the matter is we are delivering record-breaking
gross margin. We are raising our EPS guidance despite the supply chain uncertainty. And our business is in
huge demand.

And it's not just the IT demand, it's the fact that we have unique portfolio, edge-to-cloud, that's meeting
the customer needs of today and future-ready for tomorrow. And so I think the fact is that when you look
at the full year, right, we have raised guidance now 3 times. And to Tarek's point, it's more than 25% from
the beginning of the year. And that's a testament of the momentum we have in the business.

Then obviously, every quarter has ups and downs because of unique things like OI&E or maybe more
inventory build-out. But again, the takeaway is that we are raising again the EPS for the full year and free
cash flow.

Operator

Our next question will come from Kyle McNealy with Jefferies.

Kyle P. McNealy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I wanted to see if you could give us a sense for the position of your compute installed base. We saw F5
had stronger-than-expected upgrade activity to hardware systems coming out of the worst days of COVID
impact. For you guys, how high is the average age of your compute installed base versus normal levels?
And are you seeing any upgrade activity start to come through now for on-premise hardware after COVID-
related delays last year?

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Well, sure. Obviously, we are one of the market leaders today in terms of whatever you look at, revenue
or market share. But obviously, our portfolio, which is ProLiant, is on the 23 years in the making, and our
installed base is incredibly large.

The average is probably between 4, 5 years, Kyle, at this point in time. Definitely, it's a pent-up demand
to modernize that infrastructure. But it's not just replacing hardware for the sake of replacing hardware.
It's to really bring that cloud experience to our computer source and more and more be able to consume
it elastically as a service. And that's the unique value proposition we have, which is not only just the best
infrastructure with ProLiant as a franchise, but the fact that we have a provisional life cycle management,
and you should stay tuned for more announcement here shortly, but also be able to pivot that installed
base to more a consumption base over time, and then more and more as workload-optimized solutions.

And remember, these platforms come also in a different structure in the sense that you have more
options and more technologies built into the platform. And so for us, it's a big opportunity. And I think an

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 01, 2021

accelerator of that position is our GreenLake business. It's not just replacing the old infrastructure of the
CapEx, but be able to bring and repatriate workloads on-prem where it makes sense, or actually whole
workloads on-prem because now we can deliver a true cloud experience in our consumption-driven model.

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Let me add to this, Kyle. There's also another aspect that we see the pent-up demand and really the
need to modernize the infrastructure and the way the infrastructure is used. But also if the decision to
actually modernize the infrastructure and move into consumption isn't made, it's not bad for us because
we benefit from extended leasing with our financial services portfolio. It has been doing extremely well
with our asset management business as people tend to use the infrastructure more absent a decision or
an availability of supply for the equipment they want to use. So it's good for us on all fronts, and we're
very happy with that performance on both the core Compute business and HPFS.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

And last but not least, let's not forget to choose hardware. It's the operational service that come
with it because every upgrade cycle, whether it's the traditional way or as-a-Service, obviously, as-a-
Service is even better because it comes with 100% attached point [indiscernible]. We have seen richer
configurations and higher services tested attached. And that's why part of the gross margin expansion you
saw in Q2 in Compute, which was 550 basis points, comes also to the fact we are attaching more services
to our infrastructure.

Operator

Our next question will come from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.

Aaron Christopher Rakers
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Yes. Congratulations on the quarter and the raised guide. One of the things that comes up, obviously,
is your asset, H3C. I'm just curious, any updated thoughts on how you are thinking about that put
optionality, which I believe expires in early '22. And how are you thinking about kind of the use of capital?
Any kind of thoughts on more flexibility on M&A or any strategic thoughts on that front?

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Well, I will start and then Tarek will comment. Listen, we still have roughly a year to make the decision.
The put expire in May 2022. Let me remind everybody that, obviously, China is the second largest IT
market and growing. And our setup is unique, is unique in many ways to fulfill the needs of a unique
market like China. And I think that, that joint venture with a partner has been incredibly successful,
driving shareholder values not at H3C level and also through us, right, because obviously we collect
dividends from that joint venture. But it's a way to reach a market that's very hard to compete.

So we will continue to relay what is the best use of that capital in the context of participating in China,
and we decided to take action what to do with our capital. But right now, we have not decided one way
or the other one. We continue to explore what is the best return for shareholders and also to position the
company for growth as we think about the future. I don't know, Tarek, if you have any comments.

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

You said it very well, Antonio. We have time to make the decision. The put expires in April 2022. So we
have a little bit less than a year, and that is to sell all or part of our 49% stake in munis. We feel that this
is a stake that continues to accreting value.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 01, 2021

Just to put things in perspective for everyone on the call. In fiscal year '20 alone, the equity interest
contribution from H3C grew over 20% to $212 million for fiscal year '20. We expect that growth to
continue and therefore, the value of our stake to continue to accrete.

Operator

Our next question will come from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

I was just going to ask about acquisitions in general and your M&A thoughts. It's been about a year since
Silver Peak, a couple of years since MapR. Just I know you've made some small acquisitions in the interim,
but I'm wondering with the liquidity position you have, the cash flow and your approach to growth where
you're at and what you might think are some holes in your portfolio.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Yes. No, thank you. Obviously, M&A is an important component of our strategy. And as we have done --
at least I have done now probably 19 of them, as always this has been about, obviously, very stringent
return on invested capital, very disciplined in that approach. But it's always about bringing intellectual
property and talent to accelerate our edge-to-cloud platform vision.

Silver Peak was completed in September last year and now fully integrated to the business and now we
start seeing the momentum in our Intelligent Edge business. And all the ones we are doing along the way,
particularly around data and software-defined assets and so forth. So again, we continue to evaluate what
is available there, notwithstanding the fact that we have to be incredibly disciplined.

As you know, valuation seems to be a little bit too high for some of the assets. But again, if there is
something out there that makes sense, we will evaluate it, and we will take the right action. But again, it's
an important component of our strategy going forward. And always we talk about the Aruba-like type of
things. But we have relayed everything, whatever is relevant for our strategy. I don't know Tarek, if you
have any comments on that.

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Shannon, I mean, it's very important to maintain discipline and focus in the content -- in a context
where valuations in some cases, particularly for some class of assets, a little bit exuberant. But if we can
find 2 to 3 Silver Peak type of acquisitions, I don't think Antonio and I will hesitate a second to just go
ahead and press the button.

Operator

Our next question will come from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I guess I was hoping if you could talk more about the Intelligent Edge performance. The 17% growth, I
think, is more impressive, better than what most of your peers have had on the networking side other
than Arista, maybe. So maybe you can just talk about what is driving the inflection of growth over here?
And what is the durability of the double-digit growth really as we go into the back half and beyond? That
would be really helpful. And then if I could ask you to clarify this because I may have missed it completely,
why is OI&E flipping from positive in the first half to negative in such a big win in the back half?

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 01, 2021

Sure. I will start, and Tarek will talk about the OI&E. I mean, obviously, if you look about the way we
operate and the growth in IoT and the need for connectivity, obviously, is continuing to grow.

Interesting enough, 3 years ago, I said that the enterprise of the future will be edge-centric, cloud-
enabled and data-driven. And it's playing exactly that way. Unfortunately, through the COVID pandemic,
we saw that acceleration. But when you think about digital transformation, right, obviously, we live in a
digital economy. And the first step is to be connected. If you're not connected, you're not participating.
That connectivity is not just any more users and devices, it's things. Everything is connected to the
network. Everything computes, everything generates data.

And so connectivity is at the forefront of the digital transformation. And obviously, remote working is
requiring the need for WiFi connectivity to a level we haven't seen before. But that's an example of what's
happening out there. But I will say our innovation with a true cloud-native platform at massive scale. And
again, the fact that we already have 100,000 customers, and we're adding 150 customers every day, that
tells you the value proposition resonated.

We can provision a WAN port, a LAN port or a WiFi port or a BLE or ZigBee, whatever is the multi-protocol
from the cloud. And we're able to do that in an intelligent and autonomous way. Because ultimately, it's
about the data you collect and what experiences you can provide. And so we believe this is absolutely
durable. We are very bullish about this business. We expect this business to continue to grow double
digits for the balance of the year. And as we add more functionality by cloud platform, particularly with
edge computing and 5G, we are going to accelerate that momentum. And when you talk to customers
and partners, they love the Aruba experience, absolutely love the simplicity, the law of the fact that you
improve their experience for their own business and then powers this new way to work. So that's why we
are very excited.

And the other thing is that the platform that Aruba runs the cloud is not the platform we run the rest of
the company. When we deploy now one of the data services through the new announcements we made
on May 4, or where we deploy compute or we deploy workload-optimized, is running on the same back
end that Aruba was originally created. And that's why we have a true edge-to-cloud platform. And then
we lay on top of that the other service model, whether it's subscription and software, which is growing
triple digits on Aruba or whether it's the as-a-Service model with GreenLake. And that's the unique
differentiation we have in the marketplace. And that's why we feel very good about the growth prospect of
this business. Tarek, on the OI&E?

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thank you, Antonio. On the OI&E front, thanks for asking the question as to why we expect OI&E to
flip into an expense in the second half. In OI&E, you have effectively 3 effects. The first one is the H3C
economic contribution, and the timing of which shifts between quarters. Well, we're, like we said before,
very happy with H3C and the economic interest that we have through them and the cash they return to
us on a regular basis. So there's a timing element there for H3C. There is also interest expense that is the
second force in the OI&E line.

And then the third force is the Pathfinder portfolio, our venture portfolio, which has been doing extremely
well in the first half, and we did flag this in my script. We said we had benefits from revaluations of our
investment in Cohesity and IonQ. We had, in the first quarter, OI&E is $16 million income; in the second
quarter, a $27 million income. This is on an aggregate basis across the 3 forces. So for the first half, $43
million of OI&E income, and we're guiding for the full year for an expense of $50 million. So that's a $90
million swing.

And that $90 million swing, if you turn it into an EPS number, you might have to do the math yourself,
it's about $0.07 to $0.08 of EPS for the full year, right? That's the thing you have to reckon when you
compute your Q3 or Q4 EPS forecast. That's the swing factor there. It does not change the fact that our
operating performance remains very, very solid. The swing factor at the OI&E level is explaining a little bit
more, hopefully, the guidance for all of you on the call.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 01, 2021

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

And I will say again, despite all of that, we have raised the guidance.

Operator

Our final question will come from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank.

Shek Ming Ho
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Congrats on solid results and cash flow. My question is on the HPC business. I had expected that business
to grow sequentially, especially after a slowdown in Q1. Maybe it's just normal seasonality, but understand
the businesses could be lumpy. Are there any trends that you can draw from the last 2 quarters? What are
deals that are taking longer to close or being accepted by customers? And more broadly, what gives you
confidence that you can hit your 8% to 12% growth target? Maybe you can talk about what's the normal
seasonality for that business in fiscal Q3 and fiscal Q4.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

Let me start. I'm going to talk more for the market, and Tarek can talk more on the financial side. Listen,
the booking momentum is incredibly strong in this business. So you have to look at the booking side and
then you have to look at the revenue side. The bookings continue to be just amazing. And I quote some
of the deals we won. These are multimillion dollar deals. Seasonality in this business doesn't really play
out that well because the fact of the matter is that you have these large systems that need to be built,
shipped, installed. You have to run the workloads. And then only then when the customer accepts the
system for the workload run, you can recognize revenue.

And that time can vary. It can be as quick as 3 months; as long as a year, in some cases. Especially when
you deploy these massive exascale systems, which we're going to do starting end of the year and then
next year in 2022. And sometimes you need to run the workload for a month. But reinstalling the system
from the factory image on the floor, sometimes, can take up to 60 days. It's just -- it's a size of football
field.

So I would not think about the seasonality. I think about the long-term growth of the business. We feel
pretty good and confident about the CAGR. But even this year, we believe we're going to deliver the
8% to 12% growth, just this year in 2021, right? So this is about keeping the orders book momentum
short term, the life cycle of the supply chain and install and acceptance as much as we can. And then
this business is a lot of software, right, that gets built around the system itself. So that's why we're very
bullish about this system -- this business.

And remember, it's all on the back of the day. That's why we talk about AI and deep learning technologies.
Data continue to grow exponentially, and you need more compute. That's a fact at the level you haven't
seen before. Tarek, maybe you want to comment on the financial line.

Tarek A. Robbiati
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. No, you said it very well, Antonio. We simply say, look, the order momentum remains very, very
strong. It was up double digits in Q2. We have a large awarded order book with over $2 billion of
contracts. The pipeline that we are having in mind includes another $5 billion of exascale opportunity to be
awarded over the next 3 years. .

The win rates that we observed are very high. We win 5 out of 6 contracts in the exascale space. It's an
inherently lumpy business. So I think if you look at it on a quarterly basis, probably not the best picture.
You have to look at it on a multiyear basis. And we feel very confident that we can achieve the 8% to 12%
CAGR per year, including starting this year, fiscal year '21.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 01, 2021

And because of the lumpiness of the revenue, you also have lumpiness in profitability as a result of the
revenue profile and the product mix. That doesn't worry us at all. It's the nature of the beast, so to speak.
We feel that HPC-MCS is extremely well positioned as a business segment to continue to be a very strong
crafter of growth for HPE overall.

Antonio Fabio Neri
CEO, President & Director

And that growth will continue, which, as I said earlier, right, today, the HPC at-the-edge already represent
22% of the company's revenue. And as we go forward with both businesses growing double digits, that
22% will be bigger at the different margin than the core, right?

So anyway, I know we are running out of time. Just to close, I'm very pleased with HPE's Q2 results that
again, they are marked by strong revenue momentum, profitability and free cash flow. The overall demand
is improving, but our execution, our innovation is perfectly timed to the customer needs that we see in the
marketplace. And despite there is supply chain uncertainty around specific commodities, we factor all that
in our ability to execute on the back half, and that's why we are raising, once again for the third time in
the year, our EPS and free cash flow.

And I believe the future resides to the cloud, and it's going to be consumption-based. Well, I think HPE
has a unique value proposition and set of offerings. And that's why I believe this is a very exciting time
for HPE. We have worked really hard despite the pandemic. Our team has been incredibly resilient. And
this company has a clear purpose: to [ amend ] the way people will work. And despite the challenges, we
continue to support the communities we are in. So again, thank you again for joining the call today, and I
hope you continue to stay safe and healthy. And talk to you soon.

Andrew Simanek
VP, Head of Investor Relations & Director

Thanks, everyone. Operator, I think we can go ahead and close out the call.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our call for today. Thank you.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 01, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

