Honeywell International Inc. NYSE:HON
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, May 01, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.94

2.21

13.92

1.65

7.31

8.36

Revenue  (mm)

8555.18

8463.00

(1.08 %)

7822.32

33335.42

35650.91

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-01-2020 1:00 AM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.08

2.01

2.04

1.94

2.10

2.08

2.06

2.21

0.96 %

3.48 %

0.98 %

13.92 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board, CEO &
President

Gregory Peter Lewis
Senior VP & CFO

Mark Bendza
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Torsten Pilz
Senior VP & Chief Supply Chain
Officer

ANALYSTS

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Peter J. Arment
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Sheila Karin Kahyaoglu
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Honeywell's First Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator
Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, and I would now like to introduce you to
your host for today's conference, Mark Bendza, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Mark Bendza
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Savannah. Good morning, and welcome to Honeywell's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference
Call. On the call with me today are Chairman and CEO, Darius Adamczyk; and Senior Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer, Greg Lewis. Also joining us today is Senior Vice President and Chief Supply Chain
Officer, Torsten Pilz, who is here to participate in Q&A related to our supply chain.

This call and webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our website at
www.honeywell.com/investor. Note that elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements
that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements
can change based on many factors, including changing economic and business conditions, and we ask
that you interpret them in that light. Unless otherwise noted, the plans described herein are not final
and may be modified or even abandoned at any time. No final decision will be taken with respect to such
plans without prior satisfaction of any applicable requirements with respect to informing, consulting or
negotiating with employees or their representatives.

We identify the principal risks and uncertainties that may affect our performance in our annual report on
Form 10-K and other SEC filings. This morning, we will review our financial results for the first quarter of
2020 and share our views on the second quarter of 2020. As always, we'll leave time for your questions at
the end.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Darius Adamczyk.

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Before we turn the slides, I would like to make a few
opening remarks. We're clearly holding this call during unprecedented times. The COVID-19 pandemic
has widespread impacts on our communities, from our families, friends and neighbors to our employees,
customers and suppliers. At Honeywell, our #1 priority is the health and safety of our employees. We
have taken many precautions to preserve the well-being of over 100,000 employees around the world,
resulting in very few infections across the company. Each of our employees is demonstrating a strong
commitment to our company, to our customers during these challenging times. I sincerely thank them for
their strength, resilience and courage.

I would also like to express my gratitude to the men and women on the front lines of this fight. The health
care workers are working every day to overcome this global health emergency. They are the heroes,
and we're doing everything we can to support them from increased production of personal protective
equipment and other critical supplies.

This morning, we'll discuss 6 key topics. First, we'll review our first quarter performance, a quarter
during which we over-delivered on our original EPS and segment margin commitments despite a rapidly
deteriorating environment. I am particularly proud of this outcome as even in a crisis, we demonstrated
that our investors can count on a reliable, say/do outcome.

Second, we will discuss how we're working to keep our employees and the men and women on the front
line safe and healthy. Third, we'll discuss our outlook for the second quarter. The next few quarters are
likely to be amongst the most unpredictable quarters we have ever experienced, and our visibility is
limited under the current circumstances. Accordingly, our outlook for the second quarter will have less

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

detail than usual, but we'll provide a level of detail that is commensurate with our visibility in the current
environment. We're also suspending our full year financial guidance until the economic environment
stabilizes and we can once again provide a reliable forecast. Fourth, we will provide an overview of strong
balance sheet and liquidity position, which reflect years of responsible balance sheet management.

Fifth, we will outline decisive and expeditious actions we have already taken to manage through the crisis,
protect shareholder value and emerge stronger than ever. We cannot control the pandemic, but we can
control how we're mitigating risk to our operations and supply chain, engaging with customers, managing
costs and preserving liquidity. As you will see, we are applying Honeywell's usual level of discipline and
diligence to this unprecedented situation. We've already locked in plans, which we are executing so we are
not searching for answers as the crisis continues to unfold. And finally, we'll provide an overview of some
new opportunities that are well aligned to our portfolio.

Let's begin on Slide 2. We delivered EPS and segment margin expansion above the high end of our original
guidance in a rapidly deteriorated environment. Earnings per share for the first quarter was $2.21, up
15% year-over-year, and segment margin expanded 140 basis points to 21.8%.

The global spread of COVID-19 during the first quarter created operational constraints for Honeywell,
our suppliers and our customers. In some cases, access to customer sites was restricted impacting our
ability to complete deliveries and provide services. COVID-19 and the OPEC+ dispute also caused demand
weakness, particularly in our short-cycle businesses and in the aerospace and oil and gas end markets.
The combination of these effects resulted in an organic sales decline of 4%.

As you have come to expect from Honeywell, we responded quickly to changing conditions by
implementing cost control measures, which combined with our productivity rigor and the commercial
excellence, drove 140 basis points of segment margin expansion, 90 basis points above the high end of
our first quarter guidance. We also generated $800 million of free cash flow despite lower cash collections
from customers at the end of the quarter due to the challenging macroeconomic conditions.

We continue to implement a responsible and balanced capital deployment program during the first
quarter. We deployed $2.7 billion of capital across share repurchases, dividends and high-return CapEx
investments to position our company for the future. This was a challenging first quarter due to the rapid
escalation of the COVID-19 pandemic and the OPEC+ dispute, where effectively -- but we effectively
managed to the challenge to over-deliver our profit commitments, demonstrating our strong say/do.

Let's turn to Slide 3 to discuss our response to the pandemic. As the COVID-19 pandemic started to
evolve, we acted quickly to ensure the safety of our employees as well as to aid in the frontline response
to the crisis. We implemented several precautionary measures to keep our employees safe including
travel restrictions for all employees and full-time work from home for nearly all of our nonmanufacturing
employees. At Honeywell locations where work cannot be performed remotely, such as manufacturing
sites, we implemented measures to protect our employees, including restricting visitors, enhancing site
cleaning and sanitation regiments, provide hand sanitizers, staggering shifts and lunch breaks and putting
safe distance practices in place where possible. Where social distancing is impossible, we have also
provided employees with masks. We have also implemented mandatory temperature screening at several
locations and are putting capabilities in place to expand that practice as needed. We'll continue to comply
with all local and national guidance from governments and health authorities.

In addition, we announced that Honeywell will pay for coronavirus testing and treatment costs that are not
covered by employees insurance and will provide a full year of paid sick time upfront for U.S. nonexempt
employees. Finally, we announced a $10 million employee relief fund to help employees in financial
distress.

We also recognize the urgency to keep medical professionals safe. We have quickly ramped up production
of our personal protective equipment to address unprecedented demand. We recently announced that
we're adding manufacturing capabilities to our existing sites in Smithfield, Rhode Island and Phoenix,
Arizona to produce millions of N95 masks to help support the urgent need for critical safety equipment.
The additional capacity of these 2 facilities is expected to create more than 1,000 new jobs and produce
more than 20 million N95 disposable masks monthly to support the U.S. government's efforts to combat

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

the virus. Our Smithfield, Rhode Island facility is already producing N95 masks. We installed a production
line in only 5 weeks, a process that normally takes 9 months to complete.

Honeywell is supporting the fight against COVID-19 in other ways as well, including increasing production
of our other critical personal protective equipment, such as safety eyewear and face shields, increasing
production of sensors used in ventilators and providing testing services to ventilator manufacturers.

Finally, we recently announced that we will shift manufacturing operations at 2 chemical manufacturing
sites in the U.S. and Germany to produce and donate hand sanitizers to government agencies in response
to shortages created by the COVID-19 pandemic. These sites, which manufacture high-purity solutions
for laboratory research and testing applications, will produce hand sanitizers over the next few months
for government agencies to distribute to entities in need. These are certainly challenging times, and we're
proud of our role and the many actions we have taken to produce essential personal protective equipment
to keep the heroes on the front lines safe.

Now let me turn it over to Greg on Slide 4 to discuss our first quarter results in more detail as well as to
provide our views on the second quarter and the balance sheet.

Gregory Peter Lewis
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, Darius, and good morning, everyone. In the first quarter, organic sales declined by 4% as the
effects of the pandemic spread across the globe, creating supply chain challenges and restricting access to
customer sites, which constrained our ability to deliver particularly in the last 2 to 3 weeks of the month.
Aerospace sales were up 1% on an organic basis as demand for key U.S. Department of Defense programs
and guidance and navigation systems in Defense and Space was partially offset by the steep reduction of
flight hours and a slowdown in air transport OE build rates, primarily from our previously communicated
lowered 737 MAX deliveries to Boeing in commercial aerospace.

Safety and Productivity Solutions sales were down 9% organically. Increased demand for respiratory,
personal protective equipment was more than offset by weakness in the short-cycle part of the portfolio.
Intelligrated sales were down about 12% due to the timing of several major systems projects as expected.
As a reminder, Intelligrated organic growth in the first quarter of last year was approximately 50%
up due to strong major systems backlog conversion, aftermarket services and increased demand
for voice solutions, which created a very tough comp for this quarter. Intelligrated backlog remains
robust, approximately up 40% year-over-year and as we discussed in our last call, we expect growth to
reaccelerate in the second quarter.

Honeywell Building Technologies sales were down 6% on an organic basis, primarily driven by softness in
building solutions projects and lower short-cycle volumes in security and building management products.
Finally, Performance Materials and Technologies, down 5%, was negatively affected by the sharp decline
in oil prices stemming from the OPEC+ dispute and the COVID-19-related disruptions, with HPS down 6%
and UOP down 2%. Continued illegal HFC imports into Europe and lower automotive refrigerant volumes in
Advanced Materials also contributed to the sales decline.

Despite these challenges, our productivity rigor, combined with commercial excellence and swift cost
actions, drove segment margin expansion of 140 basis points, well above our original guidance of 20 to
50 basis points. We delivered earnings per share of $2.21, up 15% and well above the high end of our
original guidance range of $2.02 to $2.07. Segment profit expansion drove $0.04 of earnings growth,
while a lower adjusted effective tax rate, primarily due to new India tax legislation, drove $0.13 of EPS
improvement compared to last year. Even without the favorable tax impact, the first quarter EPS was
$0.01 above the high end of our guidance and up 8% year-over-year. We generated $800 million of free
cash flow, down 31% year-over-year, primarily driven by lower sales and slower collections, particularly in
late March.

We continued to execute our capital deployment plans in the first quarter. We deployed over $600 million
to dividends and $1.9 billion of share repurchases, substantially completing our full year 2020 share
repurchase commitment. We also invested over $100 million on capital expenditures in the quarter,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

including investments that will enable us to produce millions more N95 masks to help the coronavirus
relief effort. Overall, this was a very challenging quarter, but we continued to execute and achieved or
over-delivered on our segment profit, margin expansion and EPS commitments.

Now let's turn to Slide 5 to discuss our operations. Our portfolio is highly aligned to guidelines for essential
and critical businesses around the world. Our teams have been working tirelessly to ensure that we are
able to provide equipment and services to our customers in critical end markets globally in compliance
with government safety regulations.

The spread of COVID-19 has created operational challenges for Honeywell, our suppliers and our
customers as governments and companies implement measures to slow the spread of the pandemic and
keep employees safe. These challenges included temporary site closures, staffing shortages, inability
to access customer sites for service and project engineers and transportation and logistics disruptions.
The operational constraints change daily. However, we have implemented rigorous business continuity
processes to ensure they are proactively addressed and minimized to the extent possible. Though
operational disruptions have caused headwinds, our integrated supply chain team's efforts, under Torsten's
leadership, have been able to keep us running. After the outbreak in China, we set up a tactical operations
center in January to monitor and manage global supply risk and establishes processes to identify
and assist suppliers in financial distress. We continue to monitor all suppliers to ensure they remain
operational, and we provide support to help them reopen when they experience temporary closures.
Today, well over 90% of our suppliers are operational.

Our logistics team has been proactively securing transportation and freight modes to ensure transportation
availability amid supply-and-demand imbalances. As it stands today, over 90% of our sites are operational
globally. Approximately 15% of our sites are currently experiencing staffing constraints in select regions
around the world, including sites in Mexico, Europe and Asia Pac, where governments have mandated up
to 25% to 75% reductions in staffing.

We are pleased with our progress in responding to these operational constraints and mitigating those
impacts. We experience new headwinds every day, but we continue to monitor our supply chain, work
closely with our suppliers and respond swiftly when new challenges arise. But because of these actions,
our global operations are running with limited but unpredictable disruptions -- or interruptions, and
these are some of the dynamics that are contributing to our challenge on predictability of our short-term
financial outlook.

Now let's turn to Slide 6, and we'll discuss our segment outlook for the second quarter. As Darius
-- so previously, the next few quarters are likely to be among the most unpredictable we have ever
experienced. And our visibility has limits under the current circumstances. Accordingly, we are suspending
providing full financial guidance until the economic environment stabilizes and we can once again give
reliable and comprehensive forecasts. We believe it is important that we provide a level of precision that is
commensurate with our ability to forecast in the current environment and, therefore, you'll see a different
set of inputs versus our normal guidance.

Starting with Aerospace, we expect more than a 50% decrease in global air transport flight hours and
more than a 40% decrease in global business aviation flight hours in the second quarter based on
industry sources, which will significantly impact our commercial aftermarket businesses. In addition,
our commercial original equipment business will be impacted by the ongoing 737 MAX production delay,
OEM furloughs and temporary shutdowns and lower business jet demand due to the economic slowdown.
However, government defense budgets remain intact, and we expect continued growth in Defense and
Space, though this will be more than offset by the broader end-market challenges, and significant demand
reduction in the commercial aerospace segment. As a result, we expect aerospace sales to be down more
than 25% compared to the second quarter of 2019.

Moving to PMT. The dramatic volatility and decline in oil prices related to the OPEC+ dispute, coupled
with the COVID-19-related supply chain disruptions, has created a challenging environment. We are
encouraged by the OPEC+ production cut agreement, and we hope for even broader action. However,
we need to see a sustained increase in demand to see a more meaningful impact in the marketplace. As
we've said in the past, oil price volatility and sustained pressure on prices often leads to project delays

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

and customer CapEx and OpEx budget cuts, which is what we are seeing today. We expect a steep decline
in refining production in the second quarter and continued weakness in gas processing. The reduction of
customer CapEx and OpEx budgets will create headwinds for our Products businesses, in Process Solutions
and UOP with declines in field services, equipment and catalyst shipments. Additionally, we anticipate new
projects will push to the right, putting pressure on UOP licensing and engineering volumes in the near
term.

As we have discussed in the last 2 earnings calls, we entered 2020 with a healthy backlog of global mega-
projects in Process Solutions, and we do expect to burn those down over the next few quarters. Although
we have not received any long-cycle cancellations, we are expecting new orders to decline significantly in
the second quarter.

With Advanced Materials, automotive plant closures will drive lower refrigerant volumes and a projected
slowdown in global construction will further pressure sales. However, in specialty products, we are
encouraged by strong demand for our health care packaging, armor and research chemical products.
Altogether, we expect PMT sales to be down more than 15% compared to the second quarter of 2019.

In HBT, we see the impact of COVID-19 pandemic as potentially shorter term in nature. In the current
environment, nonresidential projects in multiple verticals have paused, and customers are deferring
nonessential spending, impacting the timing of long-cycle Building Solutions projects and delaying
purchase of security, building management and fire products. Lower building occupancy and temporary
disruptions to site access are driving delayed timing of certain Building Solutions services. However,
we believe these are largely short-term timing effects, and we continue to see the underlying demand,
particularly in fire and security products and our services where orders grew in the first quarter. So
Building Technologies may begin to stabilize as businesses begin to reopen. We expect HBT sales to be
down more than 10% compared to the second quarter of 2019.

Finally, in SPS, the surge in e-commerce, as government enacts social distancing requirements, has
created more demand for our warehouse automation business and supports continued conversion of our
robust Intelligrated backlog. In the second quarter, we will see growth from the major systems projects
that we booked last year. Our Intelligrated backlog remains strong, up approximately 40% year-over-year,
and we expect this business to perform well for the remainder of the year. However, the macro conditions
are resulting in headwinds in our short-cycle SPS businesses, including productivity products, gas sensing
and retail. Weakness in aerospace, heavy equipment and automotive end markets is also resulting in
headwinds in the sensing and IoT business, which will partially be offset by increased demand for sensors
in medical ventilators and respiratory equipment.

Finally, we are, of course, seeing record-level demand for respiratory masks and other personal protective
equipment, and we expect that demand to continue for the foreseeable future. Mask production at our
Smithfield, Rhode Island facility is already online and our Phoenix facility is expected to come online in the
second quarter. PPE orders were up triple digits in the first quarter, with strength in respiratory, head, eye,
face, gloves and clothing categories. Our personal protective equipment backlog is now up triple digits.
In the second quarter, however, we expect the macro and short-cycle headwinds to more than offset the
growth in PPE and Intelligrated. We expect SPS sales to be down more than 5% compared to the second
quarter of 2019.

So while our diverse portfolio is resilient, the combined impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and the OPEC
+ dispute are meaningful across the global economy. While we have a rigorous MOS in place to manage
our operational risks, the continuity of our operations as well as those of our customers and suppliers
continues to change daily as the impacts of the health crisis continue to unfold and evolve. As a result, we
expect a very challenging second quarter, with sales expected to be down more than 15% for the company
versus the prior year.

Now let's move on to Slide 7 and discuss our balance sheet and liquidity. Our strong balance sheet
provides a stable foundation as well as opportunity for our company during challenging times such as
these. We have maintained a premium credit rating for over 25 years, which has been a long-term
competitive advantage for us, especially during difficult times like the downturn in 2008 and '09, and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

again, today. It reflects many years of responsible capital management, good stewardship of our pension
plans and an emphasis on prudent leverage and significant liquidity.

We exit 2019 in an incredibly strong position, and we took additional actions during the first quarter to
further bolster our financial flexibility as a precaution in these unpredictable times. As discussed in our
outlook call, we further derisked our pension plan by increasing the plan's asset allocation to 60% fixed
income in the first quarter, which has proved to be prudent as our pension plan remain overfunded at the
end of the quarter and requires no additional funding, even with the tremendous volatility in the capital
markets.

We also refinanced EUR 1 billion of February maturities with a euro bond offering maturing in 2024 and
2032. We have no remaining bond maturities coming due in 2020 and only $800 million of bond maturities
coming due within the next year. Most recently, we announced a $6 billion 2-year delayed draw term loan
agreement, which combined with our pre-existing $5.5 billion of undrawn revolving credit facilities, brings
our total undrawn sources of liquidity to $11.5 billion.

As of the end of the first quarter, we had $8.8 billion of cash and short-term investments on the balance
sheet and a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio well below 1. Altogether, we have over $20 billion of cash, short-
term investments and undrawn sources of liquidity readily available compared to

Only $800 million of long-term debt maturities and $3.5 billion of commercial paper coming due within the
next year.

And as you can see on this slide, our balance sheet and liquidity profile is significantly stronger than it was
heading into the 2008, 2009 downturn when we were more levered, had less than $6 billion of liquidity
undrawn, and our pension was severely underfunded. We will focus on preservation of liquidity during the
second quarter and expect to enter the third quarter with significant capital deployment options should we
have greater clarity on economic conditions.

With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Darius.

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Thank you, Greg. Let's turn to Slide 8. As the COVID-19 pandemic started to spread, we immediately
acted to maintain the continuity of our operations and keep serving our customers. These actions, in
addition to Honeywell's diversified portfolio, strong balance sheet and history of discipline and resilience in
uncertain times, demonstrate our ability to manage through a difficult situation. We've already discussed
our efforts within the supply chain and balance sheet this morning so let me walk you through the -- our 3
other key priorities.

Starting with sales generation. We rapidly redeployed around 1,000 of our sellers to align to areas where
we're seeing market demand, particularly on our health care, e-commerce supply chain, remote factory
operations, cyber security and PPE offerings. We modified the sales incentive plans for our 6,500 sellers,
ensuring our sales teams have the proper motivation to find the areas of growth in our target markets.
Also, to ensure our sales managers and sellers have the skills they need and best practices to virtually
connect with our customers, we developed playbooks containing sales best practices and lessons learned
from our China team, who were the first to implement virtual selling techniques.

While not easy, our sellers have embraced the challenge and opportunity of maintaining a high level of
communication with our customers. One of our HBT employees even turned a room in his house into a
live demo center for customers, and he used it to launch a product to 40 of our top European partners via
video.

We're also in the process of launching e-commerce websites to enable our transactional customers to
receive product information and place orders quickly and efficiently. For example, our research chemicals
business launched a new website to enable their customers, performing important lab work associated
COVID-19 pandemic, to quickly and easily replenish their laboratory supplies.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Our sales and demand generation actions are being reinforced by rigorous weekly review process led by
me personally, together with Jeff Kimbell, our Chief Commercial Officer. Demand generation remains a
priority even in these difficult conditions.

Let's move next to our cost-control actions. Our focus is on maintaining our employee base while also
positioning the company for long-term performance post crisis. We have rapidly implemented a series of
measures to conserve cash and reduce costs, which will help mitigate the potential need for more drastic
actions later and will give us more flexibility to respond to prolonged downturn or sudden disruptions in
our end markets. Our cost-reduction efforts will reduce costs by at least $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion in 2020
and will be more heavily weighted in the third and fourth quarters of the year. This includes approximately
$200 million of benefits from prior year repositioning.

We have eliminated or sharply reduced discretionary expenses, limited hiring and canceled merit increases
on a global basis for all levels of the company. Additionally, our businesses have, in some locations,
initiated a rotating schedule, reduced work weeks or eliminated work weeks. All executives, up to and
including senior staff and the Board of Directors, have also reduced base pay this year and eliminated
or substantially lowered incentive payouts in 2020. We're also taking proactive steps to preserve jobs at
our manufacturing sites, including shortening or staggering work schedules to match production volumes
of demand. The expeditious completions of phase 1 cost plan, previously described, is enabling us to
complete a phase 2 cost action plan, which will -- should be developed within 30 days. We believe that
these cost controls will enable Honeywell to respond to deteriorating market and economic condition as
the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic becomes apparent.

Finally, let's discuss how we're optimizing working capital to match demand in the current environment.
We have a solid governance model around cash management and working capital, and we executed
a comprehensive risk assessment for customers and suppliers to preserve our strong cash position.
We reviewed the policies for the highest risk and top revenue customers to make sure we have the
appropriate parameters in place to protect our accounts receivable, and we implemented tighter exception
criteria and enhanced executive leadership team review and approval. Additionally, we also set up
processes to identify and assess high-risk suppliers. We trained and mobilized over 600 procurement
professionals to contact suppliers and take their financial temperature. Many suppliers have already
received essential help to keep their doors open and their products and services flowing to Honeywell's
factories.

Having agile supply chain processes is more important than ever to manage our expenses and cash
investments. Therefore, we condensed our sales, inventory and operations planning process from a
traditional monthly cycle to a weekly cycle. Combining this with sales leading indicators, we are sensing
demand changes and realigning our inventory and production schedules faster than ever. Together, the
actions we have implemented across the company have positioned Honeywell to effectively manage
through uncertain times, and we are confident in our continued execution resilience.

Let's turn to Slide 9 to discuss our repositioning plan in more detail. As you would expect from us, we're
accelerating plans for permanent cost reductions to ensure our cost base reflects the macroeconomic
environment particularly in Aerospace and PMT, where we see the end-market challenges we have
discussed this morning. We have ample capacity for repositioning in the second quarter, and we're
planning for a net reposition of $175 million to $275 million. Our actions this year will provide cost-
reduction tails into 2021 and are proactively preparing a phase 2 plan, which we'll likely deploy as we
assess market conditions.

Now looking at Slide 10. Let me take a moment to share some of the emerging areas of demand that
we're addressing for our customers. In the health care space, we see opportunities across multiple
businesses. We're increasing productions of sensors for medical ventilators and our sensing and IoT
business. Our research chemicals business is supporting scientists around the world in the research,
development and production of COVID-19 test kits, therapies and the vaccines by prioritizing and ramping
production of high-quality analytical products that meet their application needs. And we are offering
expedited support services to our pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical customers in our Aclar business
to help facilitate faster health care packaging decisions for COVID-19 oral solid medicine. We have already

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

mentioned the many actions we're taking to meet increased demands for personal protective equipment,
including masks, eyewear and face shields.

In both Building Technologies and Process Solutions, we see strong demand for cybersecurity and
advanced remote access and monitoring for buildings and plants, as people increasingly work from remote
locations. Also in HBT, we have a suite of healthy building capabilities ready to deploy for customers who
are focused on the health and well-being of their buildings' occupants. In SPS, there's strong demand for
warehouse automation and supply chain analytics driven by surging e-commerce.

And finally, in Aerospace, as passengers return to normal flying behaviors, there will be increased focus on
passenger health and safety, which dovetails nicely with our leadership in environmental control systems
for aircraft. We're also offering creative solutions to airlines and airports to protect passengers and to
restore confidence in flying. So although the macro environment is creating challenges, it is also creating
new customer needs that we're well equipped to address.

With that, let's wrap up on Slide 11. This quarter represents the first of what will be some challenging
times ahead. We exceeded our segment profit, segment margin and earnings commitment, EPS growth of
15% despite the substantial challenges we faced. We remain cautious as the magnitude and final impact
of COVID-19 pandemic and OPEC+ dispute is unknown. As a result, there's significant uncertainty around
commercial aerospace, oil and gas and short-cycle demand, which we expect will meaningfully impact the
second quarter. However, we have a diversified portfolio and significant balance sheet strength to provide
resilience in these uncertain times.

We acted quickly and prudently to ensure the health and safety of our employees, continuing to serve
our customers and protecting our shareholders in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. We took decisive
actions to reduce our cost base, optimize working capital and further bolster our strong balance sheet and
liquidity. We continue to actively monitor the COVID-19 impact on our operations, and we're confident
in our ability to manage through the market volatility. We're playing a critical role in keeping medical
professionals safe through expanded production of N95 masks, other PPE needs, sensors for medical
equipment and ventilators and new production of hand sanitizer.

Despite the challenges -- challenging times, we remain committed to our strategic initiatives in the
Honeywell Connected Enterprise, supply chain transformation and Honeywell Digital. And we continue
investing in our future through breakthrough initiatives, new product introductions, next-generation
innovation across our entire portfolio. I am proud of everyone at Honeywell, who's working hard to adapt
and deliver in this challenging environment. I am confident we will emerge from this crisis even stronger
than ever.

With that, Mark, let's move to Q&A.

Mark Bendza
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thank you, Darius. Darius, Greg and Torsten are now available to answer your questions. Savannah,
please open the line for Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So just on kind of the second quarter color, I appreciate that. You guys have a gross margin of around
kind of mid-30s or whatever it is. Should we expect because of the significant kind of drop off here that --
and a little bit more of a back half weighting on these cost saves, that you'd decrement kind of a little bit
more than that on a headline, kind of segment profit basis in 2Q? Just trying to kind of get an idea of the
rough deleveraging you're kind of expecting in the business. Is there anything in the mix that would move
that around? Just curious on that front. And then would you expect that, that is kind of the low point of
the year, given that this should kind of -- all this economic stuff should begin to kind of heal a bit and then
the cost saves come in?

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Yes, Steve. A couple of that. I mean in terms of Q2, yes, I mean, I think we expect our worst
decrementals for the year in Q2. I mean, obviously, we're in the middle of some cost actions. We're doing
that. We expect Q2 to be the most depressed from a GDP perspective. Our sort of underlying assumptions
here, and I emphasize the word assumptions, is that GDP Q2 will be the worst, improve in Q3 and improve
in Q4. So obviously, our margins will kind of follow that trend. Q2 will be the bottom. We expect some
level of improvement in Q3 and further in Q4. That's sort of the overall trend.

We can't give a level of precision on this because, obviously, some of the cost actions, timing of that,
that's still a little bit not totally within our control. And -- but we're taking aggressive actions, not just with
the phase 1 that was discussed, but we're also looking in phase 2, which is going to be deployed -- well,
finalized and deployed within the next 60 days for certain.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. So I guess you're not really kind of commenting on something you could hold around that, maybe a
little bit higher than that gross margin rate? Just kind of help frame us for that -- frame that for us.

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Well, I mean, clearly, our Q2 decrementals will be worse. I mean, that's -- and then they'll start improving
for that. I don't know that I can give you any more precision than that. I mean it's -- otherwise, it would
-- essentially providing guidance.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Right. And then just on the buyback, you guys talked about kind of completing your 2020 program, but
obviously, your balance sheet is in good shape. I mean, I don't know where you bought back the stock this
quarter. But are you -- do you have kind of capacity? And are you willing that, as you get better visibility
on the second half, that you could be opportunistic in the event things pull back again?

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Yes. I mean obviously, we have the liquidity, and cash is not a concern for us, I mean, given our position,
balance sheet, the term loan we took on. So I mean we have a lot of optionality in the second half. I

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

mean I wouldn't expect much in the second quarter. I mean I think this is the time to kind of assess the
situation, see what's happening, see what's going on in the medical arena, see if the markets are turning
around. So I wouldn't expect much here in the Q2 time frame, but we have a lot of optionality in the
second half to potentially get back in the market, but we'll see.

I think that we're going to kind of hold -- tap on the brakes here in Q2, see what happens, implement
our -- both our growth plans. And I emphasize the growth plans because I think that there are some
opportunities even in this crisis. Obviously, also execute the cost plans as well because that's what we
have to do in this environment is deal with reality. And then we'll look at capital allocation as it relates to
buybacks and so on as we move into Q3 and beyond.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. Or sorry, one more way to go about this. For the year, are the cost saves enough to kind of hold the
decrement to in and around your gross margin? Is that kind of what these -- what kind of the cost saves
are aimed to do?

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Yes. I think it's too early to tell, Steve, because we still haven't fully quantified the phase 2 impact.

Gregory Peter Lewis
Senior VP & CFO

And we don't want -- we don't know what the revenue reduction is going to be, strictly the…

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Yes. So the problem of giving you numbers here is that we're operating with 2 or 3 different variables, all
of which could move dramatically, so then you get down to a guess and as Honeywell, we don't guess. I
mean, when we say something, we do it, which was evidenced by our Q1 delivery of segment profit.

Operator

Our next question will come from Scott Davis with Melius Research.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Anyway -- good. I guess just a little bit of follow-up on the balance sheet question from Steve. I mean,
you're in a great position, and buybacks is one element, but M&A is another. Is there an active pipeline
you can continue to work? Is it just too impossible to even think about doing deals right now? Or is there
something maybe for later in the year? Just some thoughts on that.

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Yes. Well, I mean, as you can imagine, a lot of the M&A activity is kind of a little bit of on pause. I think
as being a buyer, that's probably a good thing because I don't want to necessarily be buying off of 2019
comps. I don't think that, that makes a lot of sense. But given our balance sheet, which is in great
position, yes, I think that this is an area which could be an opportunity in the second half of the year. I
think the valuation should and will change. I mean, that's pretty obvious.

But whenever you have a sudden change in economic conditions like we do now, which really flipped. I
mean, they literally flipped from the beginning of March. The end of March, we're sitting in a dramatically
different position. It takes a little bit of time or reality for dollars to sync in, in terms of what their
valuation should be. I mean, everybody still wants to value their business off of 2019 figures, and that's
just isn't realistic anymore, and you kind of have to look forward rather than look backward.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Yes. I could not agree more. Just a point of clarification. You've got this $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion cost out,
and it looks like it's more kind of a shorter-term stuff. And then you have this $375 million to $500 million
repositioning charges. Should we think about those as kind of more short term and then the repositioning
as the structural stuff? Is there any way to reconcile is part of that cost out in the $1.1 billion to $1.3
billion?

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Yes. Let me give you a little color on that, which is, don't think of that as mostly short term. Think about
that $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion, 30% to 40% of it is roughly short term. But the rest of it is permanent, so
that's -- it's not all just short-term stuff. And I think you should think about the phase 2 actions, it's not all
permanent, but majority permanent.

Operator

Our next question will come from Andrew Obin with Bank of America.

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just a question on Aerospace. 25% decline of second quarter, I think, quite a bit better than a lot of the
peers that have guided…

Gregory Peter Lewis
Senior VP & CFO

More than -- just, Andrew, more than 25%. That's not -- point…

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Yes. Just to be clear. Yes, it's not a 25%. It's more than.

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

More than 25%. So I'm just trying to figure out. I think your peers have sort of been guiding more 30s,
40s, 50s. So just any color between the pieces within Aerospace, what's happening into the second
quarter? And I know you have provided some. And also, how does it work out sequentially through the
year? Is the second quarter, the bottom? Or is it going to get worse?

Gregory Peter Lewis
Senior VP & CFO

So what you're seeing for us, of course, is that we've got a 40% roughly of our Aerospace businesses,
Defense and Space, and that's continuing to grow. It grew 7% in the first quarter, and we see a nice
growth trajectory in Q2 as well. And it really is in the commercial side of the business that we're going
to see a substantial acceleration of that growth rate coming down. So -- and again, relative to the back
half of the year, as Darius described, we expect the second quarter to be the worst it's going to get. But
to be honest, we don't really know. And that's, again, part of the reason why we're not giving full year
guidance. We're telling you the best we can see here out in the -- in the very short term, 90 days. And all
of the aspects of what happens with the health crisis, when do people go back and fly again, that is not
something that is very clear to anyone, including us.

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Yes. I'd -- just a follow-up on free cash flow: a, any big onetime items that kept cash flow down year-
over-year and ability to release working capital down the line?

Gregory Peter Lewis
Senior VP & CFO

It was mostly receivables. Our collections were down year-on-year. Again, particularly as you got down
to the last few weeks of March, they slowed dramatically. You can imagine there were some places where
people weren't there to actually be able to execute payments, and other customers are beginning to get
a little bit skittish with their payments as well. So that's really the major story for the quarter. And we
absolutely are going to do all the things Darius described on working capital, including readjusting our
supply plans to these new realities from the standpoint of our inventory plan, and that's going on as we
speak.

Operator

And next, we'll hear from Julian Mitchell with Barclays.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe just the first question around the SPS segment. So I think it's the one segment where it looks like
you're guiding for a narrower decline perhaps in the second quarter year-on-year versus what was seen in
the first quarter. Just wanted to check that's correct.

And then within that, understood that Intelligrated is a swing factor going from minus to plus year-on-year
in Q2. Maybe help us understand your assumptions about the rest of SPS in terms of safety and the rest of
productivity solutions. And whether what you're seeing already in April does tally up with that down over
5% guide.

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Yes. I mean, on SPS, I mean, you think -- should think about a couple of businesses accelerating for the
couple of -- next couple of quarters, one being Intelligrated. I mean our backlog there is tremendous and
continues to grow. So that's -- we expect to see growth in Intelligrated. Obviously, the demand on e-
commerce is going to become more acute, not less acute. And we have an orders positions in the backlog.
And even our front log, that looks extraordinarily appealing. So that's a business.

Obviously, we've captured a tremendous amount of business in PP&E (sic) [ PPE ]. It's -- and that business
is going to accelerate more or less every single month as we move forward through the year. So we
expect to see growth. And then modest to -- modest decline in some of the other businesses, although
sensing and IoT, we'll see growth in some of the health care-oriented sensors. There are other segments
that it's exposed to, like aerospace, that are obviously going to be in decline, so that's going to be -- our
productivity products business, kind of low single digit kind of decline is kind of what we're expecting.
Some of those segments are going to do pretty well: transportation, logistics and health care; retail is
not. So that's kind of how we see that one. So overall, I mean, we do expect SPS for the year to be our
healthiest and strongest SBG. And I think it's -- we could even see growth in that SBG even this year.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Very helpful. And my second question, maybe just a broader one, not so much Q2, but a broader one
around the PMT segment. That segment managed to ride the '15, '16 energy downturn remarkably well.
Just wondered if you saw more pressure maybe in this downturn versus that one because of the aspect
around gasoline consumption being down in different markets and maybe more pressure as well in Process
Solutions because of extra mid and downstream CapEx cuts. And how much of the fixed cost out, maybe
something from Torsten on that, can help in PMT offset this severe revenue drop?

Darius E. Adamczyk

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Yes. PMT is going to be challenged for the segments that are oil and gas-oriented. And obviously, we
have exposure in both UOP and HPS. I remember the '15, '16, because I ran that business at that time.
It wasn't that much fun. But I do worry about a couple of factors here. The first one is there's just no
demand. I mean, if you think about what comes out of refineries, whether it's jet fuel, whether that's
gasoline and so on, the world needs to go back to work and start functioning again because no one is
flying, very few countries in the world are reopening. So there's very little gasoline and fuel consumption.
Price of oil is highly depressed. If you look at -- if I remember correctly, the lowest price of oil that I seem
to recall back in the '15, '16 time frame, it was about $27, $28 a barrel. We're substantially south of that.

So it's going to be a challenging time for PMT. And we're going to be taking some -- we already are taking
and will be taking even more cost reductions to align with the demand. And you even heard some recent
announcements as early as today with Exxon and Chevron further cutting back CapEx. So we have to
adjust to the reality of today and focus on a lot of our services and a lot of our digital business to drive
growth and the segments that are still growing because we do participate in the pharma segment. We
have some play in food and beverage, pharmaceuticals and so on. So it's not all doom and gloom. But
clearly, it's going to be a challenged time for PMT for a portion of that business, not the entire business.
And we have to align to that reality and adjust our cost base to what we anticipate it will be.

Operator

Next, we'll hear from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Just a couple of quick ones from me, if I could. First, just back on the cost reduction actions. The $375
million to $500 million of restructuring actions is the same figure that you used back in January, but now
we're looking at this additional $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion of cost of which 60% to 70% is structural. So it
would seem to me that, that does require a heavier lift on actual restructuring spend. So could you just
kind of line that up for me? And then provide a little bit more color on what the phase 2 might actually be?

Gregory Peter Lewis
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. So Jeff, a couple of things. Number one, the $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion, about $200 million of that
is carryover restructuring from the prior year. So it's not 100% incremental. And you're right, I mean, we
guided a pretty sizable repositioning capacity as we always do, because we're always building pipeline
around repositioning. That's been one of the things that's continued to feed our productivity delivery over
many, many years. And so what you're seeing here is we just accelerated a substantial amount of that
into the first quarter and the second quarter, mainly to drive direct and indirect cost reductions to combat
this situation. So that capacity has always been there to deal with the pipeline as it gets created. We've
just now deployed it or about to deploy it into some very specific things around direct and indirect cost
reductions in the near term.

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Yes. And then maybe just one other thing to add to that is a portion of that cost savings is also in indirect
costs. As we think about 2021, obviously, as you reduce your indirect cost, that doesn't require really
much, if any, restructuring. So we don't anticipate going back to 2019 indirect spending levels in 2021.
That's probably not realistic. So part of that savings that we'll see is going to live through in 2021. It's
going to be someplace between what we're going to come back in 2020 and what it was in 2019. So part
of that is going to be a carryover.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

And when you think about this phase 2, is this things that you had really already on the shelf, Torsten was
working on, and this is also just a significant acceleration? Or are you -- does this reflect kind of a new,
broader reevaluation of just your cost structure and the current situation.

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

No. I mean, look, we wanted to do, back all the way in the March time frame, is react quickly and
decisively because the world really changed in the month of March. So our phase 1 plan was things that
we could do very quickly, very decisively, some moving up some restructuring, some of the reduced work
weeks…

Gregory Peter Lewis
Senior VP & CFO

Ramping down…

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Pay reductions, all those kinds of things. The phase 2 stuff is because we don't think that things like
Aerospace are going to return to normal next year. I mean I don't know if it's a 2-year window or 3-year
window. You've heard others opine on that, but I don't think that that's a short term. So particularly in
Aerospace and PMT, we're going to have to align our cost base to the realities of what we're likely to
experience in 2021 and hopefully not beyond but maybe beyond. So phase 2 is, I would say, a further
realization of what the markets may look like in the future and our realignment of cost base, more of a
permanent realignment to adjust to that reality.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Perhaps just another, really quick follow-up, just on aero. You gave us the flight hour numbers. I mean,
typically, we think of some kind of multiplier to that. Can you maybe give us a little color on just what the
last 6 weeks have looked like in aftermarket? I would assume it's tracking down more than those flight
hour declines, but hard to tell, obviously, from my seat.

Gregory Peter Lewis
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I would say, Jeff, from an aftermarket perspective, it's definitely accelerated in the first -- I would say,
the last 6 weeks, for sure. I mean the end of March, in particular, started to see some pretty substantial
slowdown. So when we think about it in the second quarter, we're going to have some substantial
reductions probably greater than the flight hour reductions that I mentioned earlier in the discussion. So
probably greater than 50% types of aftermarket, down in -- and the ATR segment in particular.

Operator

Next, we'll hear from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

I think this is a question for Greg, but this is strategic as well. But obviously, you've got a fair amount
of exposure to some fairly distressed customers, airlines, commercial aero customers, refineries, et
cetera. So how are you thinking about flexibility, credit risk and also pricing? Are you seeing significant
concessions on pricing or requests for pricing concessions? And then how are you dealing with that?

Gregory Peter Lewis
Senior VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Yes. Yes. So I can tell you that we are in active dialogue with our customer base, and particularly in those
2 segments, as you mentioned. Because they are hurting. So they're -- customers are coming back to
us and talking with us about ways in which we can work together to ensure that they're able to navigate
through this environment. And so we're going through what you would expect a disciplined company
to do. We're doing not only direct dialogue with some of those larger customers, but we're also doing
a substantially deeper credit risk assessment on our whole portfolio. And in cases where we need to do
things like pay before shipments or require cash before orders are taken, we're doing it. But we've got a --
that's a nuanced strategy because you've got to be -- you have to have consideration about the strategic
customers that you're dealing with.

So that's -- it's an ongoing activity. I will tell you that it's got the senior-most leadership attention. These
are not decisions that are being taken down in low levels of the organization. Each of the SBG presidents
and CFOs, and Darius and myself are having direct dialogue on some of these larger customers, in
particular. So it's going to be a challenge. There's no doubt about it. I don't think we've seen the impact in
the markets yet of what could happen from a solvency risk standpoint. And I think that's yet to play out.
But we're taking appropriate actions, as you would expect us to go do to manage through that.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

That's great. And then a follow-on to that. A lot of companies have pulled their earnings guidance, but
some have opined on free cash flow. And obviously, the biggest input to free cash flow is earnings. But
can you just maybe describe some of the levers you're pulling on working capital and some of initiatives to
maybe drive free cash flow conversion higher over the balance of this year?

Gregory Peter Lewis
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I mean the 2 biggest areas we're focusing on, as you can imagine, is inventory and receivables. So
we've got full-court press on with our receivables teams and the SBGs, as I mentioned, to make sure that
our collections activities are robust. And then Torsten and his team, as Darius highlighted, have instituted
a weekly executive sign off, all the way to the Honeywell level. And that's going to be a big focus for us,
and I'll let maybe Torsten say a few words about what we're doing there.

Torsten Pilz
Senior VP & Chief Supply Chain Officer

Yes. I mean the main focus area is to make sure that we follow demand very, very closely and be very
reactive and fast in our actions. I think that's the main change that we instituted over the last couple of
weeks.

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

One other thing, Nigel, though. I will tell you, though, that we are not planning on cutting growth CapEx.
We're in a strong cash position. Those projects are high-return projects. I'm not planning on sacrificing the
future just to cut back on CapEx. And I -- that's probably something that we're going to continue to fund.

Operator

And next, we'll hear from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets.

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Great. I appreciate hearing all the specifics on the Honeywell's COVID responses. And maybe just to pick
up right where you left off, Darius, if you could. You said you wouldn't cut growth CapEx, but will there be
any cuts to CapEx on the maybe maintenance CapEx? And could you size that for us, please?

Darius E. Adamczyk

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Yes. I mean there might be because, obviously, we're not operating our facilities as much as we used
to do. Some of them are operating at reduced work hours, obviously, to align with some of the volumes
that we're seeing. Obviously, the maintenance budgets might be a bit smaller somewhat. There might be
some trims around some of the maintenance budgets, just -- that's totally aligned to production. But -- so
there'll probably be some modest reductions in CapEx, but we are not planning on reducing investments in
future growth and future NPI projects.

Gregory Peter Lewis
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. And the N95 masks is a good example. I mean, you can imagine we're putting capital to work
right now to go do that. So again, absolutely going back and scrubbing our capital plan and making the
appropriate adjustments. But to Darius' point, I mean, growth is going to continue to be funded.

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

That's real helpful. And then just last one for me. If we could talk a bit about potential secular changes. It
might be a bit too early, but there's been a lot of discussion about reshoring and specifically, shortening
supply chains and some of the sensitivities there. You've obviously responded with the increase in the
N95 masks. But since we have Torsten here, maybe we can hear about how Honeywell is responding?
Do you think reshoring of supply chains are -- is something that will be a meaningful driver? And how is
Honeywell getting positioned?

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Yes. I think it is a little bit too early to tell at this juncture as to what we'll do. But you have to remember
that our strategy always has and is kind of a regional-for-regional or local-for-local production change.
I mean, if anything, I'd like to accelerate that. I'd like to be really local-for-local. I mean, we're mostly
there. And I think that's still very much the right strategy. You got to produce in the countries in which you
operate and leveraging those supply chains and operate locally. So I'm not sure that's a dramatic change
from where we have been. If anything, it's probably an acceleration of the strategy that we already had.

Operator

Next, we'll hear from Peter Arment with Baird.

Peter J. Arment
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Darius, Greg, Mark. Darius, and thank you for everything you're doing regarding all the masks and the
PPE stuff. It's really great. Just maybe a question on Aerospace, just to circle back, more of a higher-
level question. But just you -- the installed base of equipment, and given the aftermarket is so important,
you've always been kind of representative of kind of the global fleet in terms of an installed base. How are
you thinking about like aftermarket beyond this? I mean do you think there's going to be some structural
impairment because of the heavy retirements? Probably an unfair question, but I just figured I'd give it
shot.

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Yes. Well, I think a lot of that depends upon how quickly we think the air traffic will return, and there's a
little bit of a trade-off. Will airlines want to dispose with cash to acquire new aircraft? Or will they want
to operate their current fleet to maintain cash flexibility and retain those cash. So I -- and then also the
timing matters, too.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

So is that something we're thinking about? Sure, absolutely, exactly. There's kind of 2 different theories:
One theory is you retire more aircraft and bring in new ones, okay, because of the efficiencies and so on.
That makes sense. But another theory is, okay, you may not want to necessarily as an airline, part with
a lot of cash and further pend it right now when you're in cash distressed state. So we'll see which way it
goes.

I think the most important thing to remember, and we're spending all our time and energy is providing
solutions for airlines and even airports in terms of how we can regain passenger confidence to fly again.
Because when people sits -- are sitting at home and we probably start opening up the economies, the
single-most important thing that can happen for this industry is people gaining the confidence to fly again.
And that's really where we're spending our time and energy.

Operator

And next, we'll hear from Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

First question. Yes. Can you hear me?

Gregory Peter Lewis
Senior VP & CFO

Yes.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

All right. So I guess first question, impact on -- of customer shutdowns and kind of the inability to do
service or get on-site with some folks. I appreciate that we're still kind of operating in some of these loose
bands. But relative to that, down greater than 15%. How much of that is just kind of an inability to get the
work done, whether it's in a building or refinery, et cetera?

Gregory Peter Lewis
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Josh, it's actually -- it's really hard to parse it and be able to say for sure. I mean we think we
probably lost 2 to 3 points of growth in the first quarter due to some of these issues. And to be honest, it's
not like I know what they're going to be. Until people movement becomes freer, we're going to struggle
with service and project execution in the solutions businesses. While social distancing norms become
clearer in the factories, that's going to have an influence over capacity and attendance and so on. But it's
near impossible for us to put a number on that, which is partly why we shared the greater than -- down
greater than this type of a number as opposed to some level of precision because it's changing almost
daily, and it's different in every region of the country. It's going to be different in certain states in the U.S.
So I wish I could provide you something more precise but frankly, that's part of the reason why our level
of visibility is precluding us from giving more precise guidance.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Understood. And then just a follow-up on Jeff Sprague's question on the aftermarket versus flight hours.
If I think about past downturns in air traffic, any cannibalization risk that comes out the other side and
kind of delays that recovery in your business relative to flight hours? Or do you tend to move in lock step
in both directions? I know everyone's product portfolio kind of lends itself to different exposures on that.

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Well, I think there's just a lead lag effect, right? I mean, I think there is clearly a correlation on the
aftermarket to the flight hours flown, both on the BG and air transport side. There's probably a little bit of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

a delay in terms of recurrence and growth in flight hours and -- than being exhibited in the aftermarket
consumption. But other than that, I think that correlation is generally there. And as you see flight hours
return, whether it's in the business segment or air transport, you should start to see aftermarket return,
probably with some lagging effects.

Gregory Peter Lewis
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I think as you described earlier, Darius, the bigger variable will be the new plane-old plane situation.
If people are buying lots of new planes, that's going to have a different effect. If they're running the older
equipment and not taking new deliveries, that's going to affect that as well. So these are some of the
variables that we'll have to see how they play out here over the coming quarters.

Operator

And we'll take our final question from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Hello, Joe?

Operator

Okay. And then we will hear from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.

Sheila Karin Kahyaoglu
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Darius, on HBT, a large portion is exposed to commercial construction. What are you hearing from your
customers in terms of service versus products? How are they doing? How do you think about a recovery?
I think you noted you think it's a short-term demand issue. Do you think we see any sort of structural
change for commercial demand?

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

No. I mean to answer your second question first, I don't see any structural change for commercial
demand. I mean I actually think there is an opportunity of our HBT business because what CEO of any
commercial building isn't going to want to provide a safer, cleaner environment for his or her employees.
So I think that in terms of overall commercial construction, I don't see any structural change.

Short term is a little bit tougher to predict because as you can imagine throughout the world, you have
different rules and regulations, some regions, some states, some countries are allowing construction to
keep going. Others have put more tight restrictions, and it's not allowed. And as the world kind of comes
back, we're going to have a little bit better visibility and actually access, both to service some of these
buildings as well as to products and solutions. So it's a bit of a mixed story, but it's more or less realigned
to the world kind of returning to some level of normalcy. And it's really varied throughout the world in
terms of -- in some places, construction is moving. Others, it's in a paused state.

Sheila Karin Kahyaoglu
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

And then I guess my second question, maybe can you talk about what sort of recovery you're starting to
see in Asia and China by segment? How quickly are some of these businesses coming back?

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Yes. I think it's a little bit of a mixed story, and maybe I'll use China as an example. So as you can
imagine, in China, January and February were extraordinarily slow, that the business was -- there
wasn't really much of anything happening. March was better. March, we saw a bounce back, which was
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

encouraging. But April has been, no, not horrible, but soft. I mean think about negative, single-digit kind
of business. So I think the assumption that China is back to normal, at least based only on the April data
point, may not be correct.

Aviation is just starting to pick up in China. And this is a little bit of what I talked about before, which
is we have to get the passenger comfortable to fly again. Because just because you lift some of the
restrictions, that doesn't mean that people are going to jump on airplanes the second day after that. So
there's got to be a real level of focus and effort to make sure that they come back. And that's what we're
working with a lot of our airport and airline customers on some of the solutions. And we have some really
good ideas to help them think through that.

Operator

And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back
to Mr. Darius Adamczyk for any additional or closing remarks.

Darius E. Adamczyk
Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

I want to thank our shareowners for their continued support of Honeywell. These are challenging and
uncertain times for all, and we remain focused on continuing to perform for our shareowners, our
customers and our employees. While we cannot predict how the COVID-19 pandemic will ultimately impact
our business and the global economy, we are well positioned to weather the storm with our balanced
portfolio, track record of execution and strong balance sheet. We have managed through uncertain times
before, and we'll do so again.

While 2020 will be challenging, I continue to be excited about the future for Honeywell. Our operational
rigor will serve us well given the near-term economic outlook. Thank you all for listening, and please stay
safe and healthy.

Operator
Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time, and have
a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

