Hormel Foods Corporation NYSE:HRL
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, August 25, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.36

0.37

Revenue  (mm)

2376.28

2381.46

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-25-2020 2:05 PM GMT

2.78

0.22

0.45

1.69

1.82

2586.80

9786.28

10128.75

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.47

0.46

0.43

0.36

0.47

0.45

0.42

0.37

0.00 %

(2.17 %)

(2.33 %)

2.78 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

James N. Sheehan
Executive VP & CFO

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Nathan P. Annis
Director of Investor Relations

ANALYSTS

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Benjamin M. Theurer
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Benjamin Shelton Bienvenu
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Thomas Hinsdale Palmer
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Heather Lynn Jones
Heather Jones Research LLC

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Peter Thomas Galbo
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Rupesh Dhinoj Parikh
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning and welcome to the Hormel Foods Third Quarter Fiscal 2020 Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Nathan Annis, Director of Investor Relations, Hormel Foods
Corporation. Please go ahead.

Nathan P. Annis
Director of Investor Relations

Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2020. We
released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 a.m. Eastern. If you did not
receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investors
section.

On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim
Sheehan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Snee will provide a review of the
company's current and future operating conditions, commentary regarding each segment's performance
for the quarter and an update on the company's response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Jim Sheehan will
provide detailed financial results and commentary regarding the company's current and future financial
condition. The line will be open for questions following Jim Sheehan's remarks. [Operator Instructions]

An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at noon today Central Standard Time. The dial-in
number is (888) 317-6003. And the access code is 9237894. It will also be posted on our website and
archived for 1 year.

Before we get started, I need to reference the safe harbor statement. Some of the comments made today
will be forward-looking, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the
statements we will be making. Please refer to Pages 35 through 42 in the company's Form 10-Q for the
fiscal quarter ended April 26, 2020. It can be accessed on our website.

Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to provide investors with a better
understanding of the company's operating performance. Non-GAAP measures include organic volume,
organic sales and operating free cash flow. Discussion on non-GAAP information is detailed on our press
release located on our corporate website.

I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Nathan. Good morning, everyone. Before we get into the business results of the third quarter,
I want to take this opportunity to say thank you to all of our dedicated plant professionals for showing up
every day in our manufacturing facilities. They are the true heroes of our company in this crisis.

It has been remarkable to see our team work together to provide safe, high-quality food for millions of
consumers impacted by the pandemic. I'm very proud of how all our team members rose to the challenge
with a sense of responsibility, purpose and pride. From the very beginning of this pandemic, we committed
to putting the safety of our team members first. I believe this safety-first commitment is what has set us
apart during the pandemic.

Since we last updated you in May, our COVID leadership team including operations, quality control,
communications, legal, R&D and human resources has continued to enhance and refine our safety
practices. These include expanded automated temperature screenings, the addition of more staggered
production shifts and increased training on COVID-19 best practices. Our awareness campaign KEEP

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

COVID OUT! is also helping prevent the spread of the virus in the communities where we live and work,
and keep the virus out of our production facilities by outlining the various preventative measures we can
all practice in order to stay safe.

We partnered with the CDC to review our efforts related to COVID-19 and how we have implemented
guidance from the CDC and OSHA at one of our production facilities. Their review included a multiple day
visit to the facility, along with surveying employees regarding their knowledge, attitude and practices on
COVID-19. I'm pleased with their findings, namely that we had implemented virtually all recommended
controls to prevent transmission of COVID-19. The survey of our diverse team found that more than 90%
of our employees have a comprehensive understanding of prevention techniques and what to do if they
get sick with the virus. In addition, over 98% of our team members surveyed reported that they wore a
facial covering when out in public. These actions are making a difference to stop the spread of COVID-19
in our communities.

You have heard me say Hormel Foods is an uncommon company, and that has never been more true than
it is today. Our inclusion and diversity guiding coalition is an example of a group that has demonstrated
our uncommon culture during this difficult time. As we witnessed the social unrest this summer, we
knew we needed to take action as a company. Hormel's Inspired Giving platform is our response to
this important cause. As a company that is inclusive in all that we do, we decided to let our team
members choose how we should launch our new Inspired Giving program, and I'm incredibly proud of
the partnerships they selected. This team selected 3 organizations to make donations to: Minorities in
Agriculture, Natural Resources and Related Sciences; the NAACP Legal Defense and Education Fund; and
UNCF. These organizations are all helping change the world by tackling equality and education.

Today, we separately announced a milestone effort in our commitment to education. We believe education
has the power to change the world and access to educational opportunities can lift up people and
communities. Equality and education can be a game changer, and we have decided to take on that
challenge. Through a new program called Inspired Pathways, we are going to make the dream of a college
education available to the children of our team members. When you think about how a college education
can change a life and start a ripple effect that will be felt for generations, that's the change-maker Hormel
Foods wants to be. We will be finalizing the details over the next several months, but beginning in the fall
of 2021, Hormel Foods will provide for every graduating senior who is the child of one of our employees
the opportunity to attend community college on us. This program is one of a kind and truly uncommon.
I'm excited to see the difference these 2 new programs, Inspired Giving and Inspired Pathways, will make
in our communities.

Turning to our business results this quarter. We delivered record third quarter net sales as 3 of our 4
segments delivered sales growth. This achievement is a testament to the strength of our brands, the
dedication of our supply chain teams and the balance across our business. For the quarter, volume
increased 4% and organic volume increased 3%, sales increased 4% and organic sales increased 2%.

Before I get into the segment results, I would like to provide some channel perspectives as each of our
domestic segments have exposure to the retail and foodservice channels. Total retail sales increased 19%
during the quarter with strength from virtually all of our brands. In many categories, we were able to,
once again, capture market share by outperforming our competitors. According to IRI, during the quarter,
we grew share in approximately 60% of the categories where we are the #1 or #2 brand. We also saw
tremendous growth in e-commerce, including direct-to-customer and online grocery pickup and delivery.
During the quarter, our tracked purchases through IRI were up over 100%, and our brands continue to
outpace category growth and capture market share in many categories. The investments we have made
into our e-commerce capabilities are having a very positive impact on our performance in this important
channel.

Throughout the pandemic, we have brought millions of new households into our brands. Using a
combination of IRI data, on-shelf availability data, custom research and data science, we are gaining deep
insights into the number of new consumers coming into our retail brands, along with their demographics,
behaviors and assessment of whether they will stay in our brand franchises over the long term. While we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

know it's unreasonable to retain 100% of the new consumers as brand stewards, it is our responsibility to
keep as many consumers in our brands as possible.

While we are seeing a rebound in our foodservice business as restaurants reopen and pipelines re-fill,
total sales in our foodservice channel declined 19% compared to last year. Though many patrons are
returning to their favorite establishments, it is clear the industry will be in recovery mode for quite some
time. We are proud to have built strong relationships in this industry and we're among the first to offer our
assistance to those operators who needed our help to navigate their new reality.

We hold deep competitive advantages in the foodservice industry including our relationships with operators
and distributors that span decades, a large direct sales force and a balanced product portfolio. We also
have the advantage of being able to quickly turn insights from our sales force who are on the front lines
in kitchens each day into solutions that solve for the challenges and concerns of operators. Nowhere is
this more apparent than in our pre strategy with premarinated, precooked, presliced and fully prepared
product offerings. Brands like Bacon 1, Fire Braised, Austin Blues, Café H, Natural Choice, Burke, Jennie-
O, Fontanini and the recently acquired Sadler's brand have created solutions for operators in the areas of
convenience, safety, versatility and flavor.

For years, many operators have slowly shifted their purchases to these types of products, and we believe
the COVID-19 pandemic will accelerate the conversion. I'm confident our portfolio is well positioned to
adapt and grow as the industry recovers. It is also important to note that this isn't the first time our
foodservice business has had to emerge from an economic downturn. During the recession in 2008 and
2009, our direct sales force expanded their reach to the emerging channels of lodging, health care and
colleges and universities. This intentional pivot provided significant growth for the next decade. Today, we
are leveraging many of those same strategies with an increased focus on the newest emerging segments.

From a financial perspective, we delivered earnings per share of $0.37, which is flat to last year. Jim
Sheehan will provide more details, but I do want to mention that our earnings fully reflect $40 million or
almost $0.06 per share in increased supply chain costs related to COVID-19.

Looking at the segments, Grocery Products volume increased 6% and sales increased 7%. Similar to the
second quarter, we saw exceptional growth from nearly every brand, especially brands such as SPAM,
SKIPPY, HERDEZ, HORMEL COMPLEATS and Dinty Moore. Earnings for grocery products increased 36%,
driven by strong volumes and improved margins due to favorable product mix. It is clear that brands
still matter and never have consumers relied on established and trusted brands to feed their families
like they have during these times. Many brands within the Grocery Products portfolio have not only seen
extraordinary growth but they have outpaced the competition. Continuing to invest in these core brands is
one of our highest priorities and responsibilities.

One brand, which has seen a resurgence of demand is SKIPPY. While the entire peanut butter category has
seen growth as kids stay at home, the SKIPPY brand has thrived and outpaced the competition. We've also
launched numerous new innovative products, which are seeing early success. SKIPPY Squeeze, SKIPPY
No Sugar Added and SKIPPY Peanut Butter Blended with Plant Protein, each deliver a unique consumer
proposition and are helping extend and grow this iconic brand. We were pleased that our SKIPPY Squeeze
Pouch recently won an award from Food Network Magazine for smartest new packaging for a long time
favorite.

International volume decreased 5%. Sales increased 2%, and segment profit increased 26%. Results
from our China business were very positive during the quarter, primarily due to higher retail sales for
SPAM and SKIPPY, but also from other refrigerated products in country. We saw continued improvement
in our foodservice business as restaurants reopened. Similar to the past few quarters, the team in
China is working through higher pork prices and are taking the necessary pricing actions to offset cost
increases. Worldwide demand for SKIPPY Peanut Butter and SPAM luncheon meat was strong, which drove
higher exports and growth from our affiliated businesses in the Philippines, South Korea and Europe. The
dynamics we are seeing in the United States are playing out across the globe in similar ways. We did see
a sharp decline in our fresh pork exports as variety meat supplies were limited because of implant labor
shortages stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Jennie-O Turkey Store volumes declined 9% and sales declined 4%. We saw very strong retail sales, led
by our Jennie-O lean ground turkey. This growth is a continuation of the progress we made in regaining
distribution prior to the pandemic. And we plan to advertise against the Jennie-O brand in key markets
later this year. While we saw strong growth in our retail business, it was not able to offset declines in our
foodservice, commodity and whole bird businesses. Segment profit decreased 67%, driven exclusively by
the impact from 3 plant pauses and incremental supply chain costs related to COVID-19 safety measures.
This is an important distinction as it speaks to how the earnings strength in our retail business was able
to offset the declines in our foodservice business. We were making excellent progress in many areas, but
the cascading impact of 3 plant pauses throughout our vertically integrated supply chain had an outsized
impact on profitability this quarter. As such, the overall earnings decline this quarter is not reflective of
where I believe this business is going. I'm confident we are on the right path.

Refrigerated Foods volume increased 8% and organic volume increased 7%. Sales increased 5% and
organic sales increased 2%. Retail and deli demand was led by strong growth from products, such as
Applegate natural and organic products, Hormel Black Label bacon and Columbus grab-and-go charcuterie.
Fresh pork sales also increased on strong demand for retail pork.

One brand I want to highlight is Applegate. Consumers are discovering the Applegate brand at a rapid
rate as families are looking for options to feed their kids while at home during the pandemic. Our offerings
span multiple categories, including chicken nuggets, hotdogs, burgers and breakfast sausage. The growth
we have seen from Applegate in the last few months is staggering, and we are investing in the business in
order to maintain momentum. The Applegate team delivered these impressive results even as they battled
disruptions in their third-party logistics system due to COVID-19 and have had to work creatively to find
additional capacity in their supply chain.

The Hormel Deli Solutions team has also seen impacts from COVID-19 as consumer shift purchases away
from behind-the-glass meats and prepared offerings to prepackaged and presliced options. During the
third quarter, sales into the deli increased 4% as strength in our grab-and-go offerings more than offset
declines in our prepared foods and behind-the-glass businesses. We expect this trend to continue as our
Hormel Gatherings Party Trays and Columbus-branded items provide differentiated at-home experiences.

Another brand I'd like to highlight is our Hormel Gatherings Party Trays. When the pandemic started, we
saw a sharp decline in sales due to social distancing mandates. As always, our marketing team went to
work to solve this problem. They quickly repositioned the brand from a focus on social gatherings among
friends to a more family-oriented brand message.

Our foodservice business, which represents approximately 40% of Refrigerated Foods sales saw double-
digit declines during the quarter. However, we are very confident that as the foodservice industry recovers,
our product lines featuring precooked, presliced and premarinated products will thrive as operators look
to simplify preparation and reduce handling of products. As I mentioned in my earlier remarks on the
foodservice industry, it is important to remember that we have been through this before. The foodservice
industry will reimagine itself, and we are perfectly positioned to support them during this time.

This past quarter, we successfully integrated the Sadler's Smokehouse Organization into Refrigerated
Foods. We received a lot of positive feedback from the prior owners who credited our team for providing
access to Hormel Foods resources and necessary support during the pandemic. Early indications are
promising, especially seeing the ease at which Sadler's was able to pivot from foodservice to expanded
retail distribution. I'm personally excited to see how our broader organization is able to leverage Sadler's
unique product offerings to deliver innovative new products. Earnings declined 11% due to lower
foodservice sales, incremental supply chain costs and losses on strategic hog hedge positions. Setting
aside the offsetting channel dynamics within Refrigerated Foods, incremental COVID-19 costs and losses
on strategic hog hedges were the primary reasons for the earnings decline.

As we look forward, for the total company, we expect the fourth quarter to mirror many of the dynamics
we experienced in the third quarter. We expect continued strength from our retail businesses as
consumers engage with our brands at elevated rates. There remains a high level of uncertainty as to
how quickly segments in the foodservice industry, such as casual dining, lodging and schools will reopen.
Therefore, we expect our foodservice business will show declines in the fourth quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

As I said in my opening comments, the members of our supply chain team are heroes in the pandemic.
Their tireless dedication has allowed us to meet the high level of demand we are seeing across our
business. In many businesses, we are producing more product than we ever have to meet the increased
demand. Examples include plants where we've not had positive COVID-19 cases or plants where we had
excess capacity to meet the surge in demand.

In other businesses, factors such as limited labor availability and short-term inefficiencies due to
COVID-19 safety measures are limiting our ability to meet the high levels of demand we are seeing.
Further, the third quarter is historically when we build inventories to meet the seasonally high demand
in the fourth quarter. However, the record sales in our third quarter has led to abnormally low levels of
inventory, which further limits our ability to meet demand in key categories. Jim Sheehan will provide
more details regarding our inventory levels.

Without compromising employee safety, our supply chain team is working to find solutions to increase
production through continuous improvement, further internal production capacity and by working with
our trusted co-manufacturing partners. Consistent with the second quarter, we are incurring incremental
supply chain costs related to COVID-19. During the second quarter, our costs increased by approximately
$20 million. And in the third quarter, our incremental costs were approximately $40 million. These were
primarily related to team member bonuses, enhanced safety measures and lower production volumes. In
the fourth quarter, we expect to incur another $20 million to $40 million of incremental costs. In total, we
expect our COVID-19 related costs to be between $80 million and $100 million this fiscal year.

In closing, I am confident we have the right strategy, sound business fundamentals, best-in-class
management and the financial strength to thrive and grow in this dynamic marketplace. We are well
equipped to weather this storm and will be stronger because of it.

At this time, I will turn the call over to Jim Sheehan to discuss our financial information relating to the
quarter, give an update on our financial position and provide commentary regarding key input cost
markets.

James N. Sheehan
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Jim. Good morning. You heard Jim give a few examples of how uncommon Hormel Foods is. I'd
like to share another example.

Early in the pandemic, the Project Orion team made the commitment to push forward with the go-live
of the financial system. In spite of the difficult circumstances, the team was able to fully convert the
financial systems to the cloud, train the finance team and deliver third quarter financials on time. By doing
so, the Orion team kept us on track to achieve the benefits of this best-in-class financial system. These
benefits include improved analytics, robotic process automation and real-time financial data. Further
implementation of the supply chain remains on track and will take place later in 2020 and 2021.

Net sales for the third quarter increased 4% to $2.4 billion, which was a record. Higher sales were driven
by strong value-added retail sales across all segments. Segment profit declined 3% compared to the prior
year as the business absorbed incremental COVID-19 related investments of $40 million and generated
lower earnings from the foodservice businesses. Net earnings were $203 million, up 2%. Earnings per
share of $0.37 was flat to last year. SG&A, excluding advertising, modestly increased to 6.6% of sales
compared to 6.5% last year. Higher employee-related expenses were mostly offset by reduced travel
expenses. Advertising investment for the third quarter were $24 million. Net unallocated expenses
declined $5 million for the quarter due to improved return on investments.

Operating margins were 10.5% compared to 11.2% last year. Margins were impacted by additional
investments into the safety of our plant professionals, employee bonuses, higher operating costs and
the impact of operating pauses at Jennie-O Turkey Store. The effective tax rate was 21.6% compared to
23.6% last year.

Even in these uncertain times, the company continued to generate strong and stable cash flows. Cash
flow from operations and free cash flow for the quarter increased 59% and 72%, respectively. Cash

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

flow benefited from lower levels of inventory. The third quarter is usually spent building inventory in
anticipation of higher seasonal demand in the fourth quarter. As Jim mentioned, due to the significant
demand for our products in the third quarter and limiting factors on production of key brands, inventory
levels were unseasonably low as we began the fourth quarter. To provide context, the current finished
good inventory level is 24% lower than last year. The segments most impacted by lower levels of
inventory are Grocery Products and Refrigerated Foods.

In June, we issued $1 billion of 10-year bonds at the favorable interest rate of 1.8%. This cash will provide
ample liquidity and allow the business to take advantage of strategic opportunities such as M&A. We have
$250 million of bonds maturing in April 2021. Our solid cash flow, liquidity position and strong balance
sheet gives us the flexibility to fund our capital needs while continuing to invest in long-term growth
opportunities.

We paid our 368th consecutive quarterly dividend effective August 17 at an annual rate of $0.93 per
share, an 11% increase over 2019. This completes our 92nd consecutive year of dividends. The company
did not repurchase shares during the quarter.

Capital expenditures in the quarter were $88 million compared to $67 million last year. Large projects for
the remainder of the year include the Burke pizza topping plant expansion, a new dry sausage facility and
Project Orion. The company's target for capital expenditures in 2020 is $350 million.

The hog market was at 20-year lows during the quarter. This benefit was reduced by our mix of hog
procurement contracts and losses on strategic hog hedges. These hedges were put in over a year ago to
proactively manage the risk of higher prices due to African swine fever. Currently, pork industry production
is operating at near-capacity levels. According to the USDA, pork production is expected to be 3% higher
for the year. We expect continued lower hog prices in the near term. This environment supports plentiful
supplies of pork, though plant disruptions would pose a risk to production volume and commodity prices.

The volatility in commodity values at the beginning of the third quarter negatively impacted margins.
The USDA composite cutout peaked in early May at levels not seen since the PED virus outbreak in 2014.
The cutout fell nearly 50% by early July. Pork trim, beef trim and bellies exhibited similar volatility.
Overall pork trim was higher by 21% and beef trim was higher by 38% for the quarter. These costs
have moderated in the fourth quarter. Selling prices were 9% lower and have remained below last year.
Worldwide demand for pork is strong. USDA is expecting exports to increase 19% for the year, driven
by strong demand from China. We continue to monitor African swine fever in China, Southeast Asia and
Europe.

Fundamentals in the turkey industry remain mixed. Poult placements continue to trend lower. Commodity
markets rebounded some in the third quarter, but breast meat and thigh meat prices are significantly
below last year. Whole bird prices are favorable to last year, helping to offset declines in other markets.
Feed costs for the third quarter was higher.
At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Ben Theurer of Barclays.

Benjamin M. Theurer
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

First of all, congrats on the results and on all the initiatives you announced, especially one on education,
I think this is a very good way of supporting your workers. Now I wanted to dig a little bit into what you
said about the inventory levels and the decline here and what it means for the fourth quarter. Thanks
for sharing a little bit of detail already in the prepared remarks on the impact where it mainly is within
Grocery and Refrigerated Foods. Now how do you think this is going to impact your ability to supply the
demand into the fourth quarter, which usually obviously has an impact and an uptick in sales? So just to
understand a little bit what might be prohibited in terms of sales and what might be the impact if demand
remains as strong in particularly retail channels as we've seen? That would be my one question.

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Ben, thanks for the comments. We sincerely appreciate them. In regards to the business question
around inventory levels, really as we've said multiple times in the comments, the supply chain team since
the start of this pandemic has done heroic work to meet the increased demand. And really, what we're
trying to convey here is as we think about what happened in Q2, Q3, as we had more -- we had the initial
outbreaks, and we had plant pauses and more significant disruptions to the supply chain, we did have
inventory as a buffer. And we're able to continue to fill orders as we were working our way through the
initial stages. Over the course of those quarters though, I mean, we've burned through that inventory. And
so now as we head into the fourth quarter, I mean, it's going to be very important paramount, if you will,
that we keep our supply chain operational. And like I said, the team has done a great job. But we can't
afford any disruptions. And although we're not seeing the level of outbreaks of COVID cases, I mean, we
are still having cases on occasion and those cases can have production impacts.

So the team is doing a great job, as you heard, keeping COVID out of our facilities, working with team
members in the facilities to make sure they understand the importance, but really, it's the messaging that
says we were able to have inventory as a buffer. We really, in some areas, don't have that now. And so
making sure that our supply chain and our production efficiencies are where they need to be is going to
be critical to meet the increased demand. And so I mean, if you look at some of the demand that we have
met, I mean significant increases in pepperoni, in bacon, in SPAM, some of our center store items. So
we've been able to meet that increased demand, but we just have to make sure that we keep that supply
chain in our production facilities going.

Benjamin M. Theurer
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. Very clear. And then just a technical one. Of the $40 million direct, indirect cost, supply chain
disruption and so on, can you break that out on a segment basis, just to understand where the majority
was impacting? Is it I suppose, Refrigerated Foods, but also in Jennie-O, how much of an impact did you
have there because of some of the plant pauses that you had?

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. And the majority of them -- majority of those costs were in Refrigerated Foods and JOTS and
obviously, in our comments, we were pretty specific to talk about that outsized impact, if you will, in JOTS.
So that's probably the right way to think about it.

James N. Sheehan

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Executive VP & CFO

Ben, what I would add to that is because JOTS is vertically integrated, the impact on JOTS not only is in
the products they sell and the availability of that product and their production lines, it goes all the way to
the grocery side.

Operator

The next question comes from Rupesh Parikh of Oppenheimer.

Rupesh Dhinoj Parikh
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Congrats on the nice quarter. So I guess I want to go back to Jennie-O. So clearly, profitability was
challenged during the quarter. Are we now past the plant pauses? Or is that still an ongoing headwind?
And then just curious, just any thoughts in terms of how you see the profit recovery unfolding here for
JOTS?

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Rupesh, thanks for your comment. So I mean, we haven't had any plant pauses since the beginning
of the third quarter. And I mean, we continue to bring labor into the plant. I mean, that's a key ingredient
in making sure that we can run the harvest facilities. Those 3 plant pauses that we had in Jennie-O Turkey
Store and the costs associated, I mean that had a big impact. Jim just mentioned that it goes all the way
back in the vertical supply chain. And when we can't harvest birds, I mean we have higher life production
costs through higher feed and then other issues. So on the supply chain side, big, big impact.

But as we think about the dynamics of the business, my comment about why I feel good about it is we
saw the benefits of the distribution that we had regained pre COVID-19. Now we understand the impact
of consumers going and eating at home more. But obviously, we had to be on shelf for them to be able to
find us. So the distribution gains that we had, we benefited from. We did have a negative impact in our
foodservice business, especially early in the third quarter. Like our Hormel foodservice business, we've
seen some recovery. The Jennie-O Turkey Store foodservice business is a little more skewed to schools,
and they have the impact of K-12, and we're trying to understand how that plays out this semester.

So I mean, all in all, it really is COVID-related costs that negatively impacted the business. We feel good
about the retail side. We've got to have recovery in the foodservice side. But everything that we put in
place pre COVID is playing out, and that's why we're optimistic about the business heading into the future.

Rupesh Dhinoj Parikh
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Okay. Great. And then I guess my one follow-up question, just on e-commerce. You guys had very positive
commentary in terms of what you're seeing in e-commerce, both direct-to-consumer and the click and
collective of your consumers. From a brand perspective, where are you seeing the most strength right
now? And is anything surprising to you in terms of where you are seeing that strength?

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. We were pleased, Rupesh, because we saw it across the board. We saw it in a lot of our refrigerated
products and also in our grocery items. So it wasn't skewed to any one brand or product line, really good
balance across the portfolio.

Operator

Next question comes from Ben Bienvenu of Stephens Inc.

Benjamin Shelton Bienvenu
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

I've got one for Jim Snee and then one for Jim Sheehan. Jim Snee, I'd be curious to hear your thoughts
on what impact, if any, there's been from COVID on the product innovation cycle? You noted some of the
call-outs around new packaging for SKIPPY. You all have had a pretty successful heritage of new product
innovations that have driven incremental market share. Is COVID and the operational heavy lifting that
you have pushing that innovation cycle out? Or are you still making headway on that front?

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Great. That's a great question, Ben. And I will tell you, we are making great headway on that front.
I referenced the SKIPPY products that we're bringing into the marketplace and having some really good
early success in multiple items. I just recently had an update in terms of the pipeline that is coming this
fall, and I mean, it continues to be very strong. It's exciting. It's on trend, and our customers are looking
for that innovation.

So I've been really, really impressed with the work that our innovation team, which, of course,
encompasses so many other functional areas has been able to do remotely. The other thing that I would
mention, and we talked about it, I know on our last call, I don't think we mentioned at this time, but we
continue to track at our 15% goal in regards to innovation. And so in the midst of everything else that's
going on, we haven't lost sight of the fact that innovation is part of our lifeblood and something that we
need to continue to deliver to drive the company forward, and our team has just done an amazing job
responding.

Benjamin Shelton Bienvenu
Stephens Inc., Research Division

That's great. Okay. Jim Sheehan, you called out some of the color around your hedging strategy for hogs.
Makes perfect sense in light of what 2020 was supposed to look like in light of African swine fever and
what that pretended for hog prices. Would you expect -- with your current hedge book, would you expect
continued headwinds from hog hedges in the fourth quarter in light of hog prices still being down pretty
materially?

James N. Sheehan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Ben, as I said, the hogs hit a 20-year low during the quarter. And obviously, our hedge positions were
-- we thought were favorable. But anytime you take a hedge position, you're really mitigating your risk
and not trying to time it, and that's our strategy. We look at purchasing hogs on a balanced model. That
is some on the open market, some on the Western Corn Belt, some on the composite value and utilizing
hedges.

So the hedges will be a headwind as we expect hog prices to be -- continue to be down. Production has
backed up a bit during the time period that there has been some pauses in production. But again, it's a
balanced model. And as we looked at our hog costs, our hog costs were still down 20% compared to the
prior year. So it takes an approach that is viewing both the future and the current circumstances.

Operator

The next question comes from Michael Lavery of Piper Sandler.

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Can you give a little bit more color on the foodservice, the channel splits that you gave is really helpful.
Maybe just some of how that progressed over the course of the quarter and what you've seen since in
terms of just the momentum or volatility around that?

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Sure. Early -- late second quarter, early third quarter, I mean, it was a significant decline that we saw in
our foodservice business. And early in the third quarter, we started to see recovery. The business was
on a very nice trend, upward trend. And then as we started to see more COVID outbreaks around the
country, what happened, and it actually was kind of nice to see, is we saw the business or the recovery
kind of plateau. And so at the outset, what we saw was that initial significant decline in the business. And
what we saw this time with some of the outbreaks was that the business maintained the level it was at.
It just plateaued. So it didn't continue its recovery. And now we are starting to see a bit more recovery as
different states do get it under control. But I mean, the fact is it's still significantly behind a year ago.

For us, it is all about what does foodservice look like in the future, how does the industry reimagine itself,
what are the emerging segments that will come from this. We do believe that food-away-from-home is
just such an ingrained behavior in our society that it's going to continue in some way, shape or form. But it
probably will look different for the foreseeable future.

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then just on M&A, I want to follow up on your prepared remarks. You obviously
mentioned it as something you consider, your balance sheet is great for that, and there's nothing new
there. Maybe just was a little interested that it stayed in the prepared remarks or is getting mentioned in
an environment like this, where it looks like -- it feels like it could be more difficult to get deals done. Is
that not your sense? Or is there some better amount of activity there you're doing than it might seem with
just the disruptions and some of things remote and everything else?

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I think the key takeaway there is, again, you go back to the early stages. You had so many
companies, so many people just really trying to figure out which way it was up. And so the idea of having
M&A activity was not at the top of anyone's list. It was about really running the day-to-day business. And
I think as that's moderated a little bit and then people have figured out maybe a little bit of what a new
normal might look like, there is -- there are more conversations. There is more interest. And I would tell
you that the communication is picking up a little bit.

So from our perspective, we believe that we're -- we continue to be in a really good spot with the strength
of our balance sheet. Jim talked about our debt offering, when we did it, why we did it, but then also what
that could mean for us down the road. So we continue to value M&A as an important part of our growth
strategy going forward.

Operator

The next question comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal.

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Grocery sales seems a little lighter than I would have expected. How much of that is reflecting in the
demand side versus how much is it operational inability to get the product to the consumer or the retailer?
And then on addition to that is when you're looking at your inventory levels and your harder ability to get
to the retailer, what are the longer-term implications on shelf space and relationships in terms of shorting
customers given the demand?

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. I'll answer both of those, Ken. And I'll -- if Jim has any inventory follow up, I'll let him do that.
As you think about Grocery Products, I mean, the core business, right, the SPAM, the SKIPPY, the Chili,
the Dinty Moore, all of that business was very, very strong and able to meet the demand. Probably that
gap you're describing, and we had a little bit of this, I believe, in the second quarter, is this offset by
food-away-from-home and contract manufacturing. So the food-away-from-home exists in our MegaMex

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

business and that, like our Hormel foodservice and our Jennie-O foodservice business, was down. And
then we also saw a decline in our contract manufacturing business. So I mean as you think about that
delta, those are probably the 2 pieces that would lead you to that underperformance comment. But I
mean, from our perspective, our legacy or core Grocery Products business was really, really strong. And
even our MegaMex business was up but we did have a negative impact from their food-away-from-home
business.

On the inventory piece, I mean, your comment is well made that if over a long term, you're not able to
supply a customer, there's going to be ramifications. And -- I mean, we're not in that position. I mean,
we're able to meet and maintain our shelf space with our customers. And going back to my earlier
comments, the whole comment around inventory is just that it's shifted, right? We don't have that as a
buffer. So we do need to make sure that the operations are running as efficiently as they can. So yes,
we're -- as you would expect, and I'm sure you're hearing from others, we're in constant dialogue with
retailers in terms of making sure that we're meeting their needs, they understand what our situation is.
And certainly, we're not going to put any of our business or our shelf space at risk.

James N. Sheehan
Executive VP & CFO

Ken, the only thing that I would add to that is that as you think about the inventory decrease, the
decreases don't all have the same impact. For instance, we know our foodservice business is down. So we
have purposely decreased our foodservice inventory so that we could reallocate resources into the retail
production. So the supply chain is doing that all of the time, and we're trying to meet every need we can.
So there are some areas that are not going to have much of an impact because they're short, such as
some of the areas of foodservice.

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

And my follow-up, just a clarification. On the turkey business, is everything working now? And we
should be seeing more normal margins at this point relative to whatever the industry is? Or is there still
operational legacy issues? I just didn't understand the commentary, and I'll leave it there.

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. No, happy to clarify that. I mean, the plants are all up and running. I think from an industry
perspective, I mean, our margins, our business are always at the top of the industry. We do continue to
have higher COVID-related costs. And so PPE, some of the labor issues that would lead to lower volumes,
lower overhead recovery, I mean, those are still there as we progress in the quarter. But I mean, the
plants are still running. We haven't had any pauses since the beginning of the quarter. And so again, the
retail demand especially in the lean ground turkey area, really, really strong. The foodservice business
recovering, but still trailing last year. Jim, I don't know if you want to add anything.

James N. Sheehan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And as you -- again, with being vertically integrated, as you've held birds longer, they're heavier
birds, they don't perform as well. We're starting to move through that inventory, but that's why the impact
on Jennie-O has a longer tail than in areas where we're not vertically integrated.

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

And did you clarify if the plants were running what the operating margins would have been? And I really
will leave it there. I'm sorry.

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Yes. No. Ken, we'll let you have -- you can have that off-line with Nathan. Just -- he can give you a little
more clarification.

Operator

Next question comes from Tom Palmer of JPMorgan.

Thomas Hinsdale Palmer
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

In the Refrigerated Foods segment, price mix was down pretty meaningfully. Just wanted to better
understand to what extent this reflected a flow-through of lower industry commodity prices, whether mix
such as the higher fresh pork sales and retail were a factor. And then as we think about how the fourth
quarter might play out, how pricing could proceed, especially considering that it sounds like supply is a bit
of a constraint right now and that's some pricing for at least pull back in promo could make some sense.

James N. Sheehan
Executive VP & CFO

Tom, as you look at the sales of Refrigerated Foods, they certainly were impacted by lower commodity
prices. They had volatility, but the prices generally were lower. I mean, as you look at the various items,
for instance, even bellies, it's had volatility, but it ended closer to the below last year, it was below last
year. So that certainly had an impact in the sales prices in Refrigerated Foods less than [indiscernible].

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. And as you think about the fourth quarter, I mean, on the markets, I mean, it feels like all of the
supply plants are running at very solid levels and the supplies are going to be adequate going forward. So
I would expect more of the levels that we're seeing right now.

Thomas Hinsdale Palmer
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And I guess just to follow up on the co-packers. So how do you see this margin overhang going
away over time? Is it driven by over the next couple of quarters, taking certain products in house? Or is
it more that demand can -- the increased demand for products starts to ease, essentially the co-packer
issue solves itself?

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So Tom, just to clarify, I mean, we have already a very well-developed and trusted network of co-
packers, co-manufacturers that support different areas of our business. I guess what we were saying is,
as we think about the need to continue to meet increased demand and make sure that we have the right
appropriate risk mitigation, we are finding ways to expand the capacity with some of those trusted co-
packers. So it's really less about bringing it back in-house. It's more about finding those opportunities to
expand the supply side of the business.

Operator

The next question comes from Heather Jones of Heather Jones Research.

Heather Lynn Jones
Heather Jones Research LLC

I just have a couple of quick ones. One on Q4, I just wanted to make sure I'm understanding this
correctly. Jim Snee, you're saying that if your plants run well that you should be able to sustain the sales
gains you saw in Q3. You don't have the inventory buffer, but your plants are running at higher capacity.
Am I understanding that correctly?

James P. Snee
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I guess what we're saying there, Heather, is, I mean, we know that there's going to be increased
demand and -- continue to be increased demand. And to meet that demand, we have to have our plants
run as efficiently and effectively as possible because we don't have that safety stock to draw off of. So I
think we're saying the same thing.

Heather Lynn Jones
Heather Jones Research LLC

Okay. Perfect. And then the second thing is you mentioned the impact from hog hedges that you had put
in place last year, but then some lower cash hog prices. So for the quarter, did I understand you correctly,
and I think it was Jim Sheehan's comment. Did I understand you correctly, though, that net-net, even of
the hedge impact, that hog costs were more favorable in Q3 than they were in Q3 of '19?

James N. Sheehan
Executive VP & CFO

That's correct, Heather.

Operator

Next question comes from Peter Galbo of Bank of America.

Peter Thomas Galbo
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Jim, I guess, just as we're thinking about foodservice out over the next couple of quarters, you guys
have a large direct sales force, right, that probably has more touch points with some of your restaurant
customers, maybe than some of your competitors. And I guess the question we're kind of grappling with
at this point is, as the weather starts to turn, maybe people go -- are forced to go back inside, outdoor
dining isn't really as much of a possibility. Just what are some of the high-level conversations that your
salespeople are having with customers at this point that you'd be willing to share with us?

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. I mean, that's a great question, and that is certainly a risk to the next couple of quarters. But I
think the other part that we've seen, Peter, is so many restaurants have become so much more proficient
at takeout, right? I mean, again, as this started, takeout was not a big part of the foodservice operators
MO. I mean, some did it better than others and clearly, had drive-throughs, I get all that. But some of the
casual dining locations, they had it as an option, but it wasn't a very well-developed option. But I think it's
fair to say that operationally, from a packaging perspective, so many foodservice operators have become
so much more better, so much more proficient with that.

And then I go back to this idea of how does foodservice reimagine itself? And so this idea that over all
these years, we've developed this behavior of food-away-from-home, and now that's just going to -- I get
that it went away for a period of time, but to think that it's going to go away forever, just seems to be a
bit of a stretch if you ask me. So I do think that food prepared away from home is going to continue to
be on everyone's radar. And I think as more and more, especially casual dining segments get comfortable
with to go, take out, that's going to continue to be an opportunity.

We also are seeing and working with operators on different grab-and-go options. So not just food that
you bring back into your house, but as you think about where individuals would maybe want to go and
sit and have a meal, they're not doing that. It is more of a grab and go. And so everything that we have
in our portfolio that we described around all of our pre options, sets us up really well to take advantage
of that as foodservice continues to reimagine itself. So -- and our direct sales force, as you mentioned,
is going to play a critical role in making sure that we understand and that we're on the front end of this
reimagination. It's going to be really, really important for us. So I mean, those are just some of the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

conversations we're having. But I mean, it's still -- this is going to be a work in process, but we feel good
about where we're at in the cycle.

Peter Thomas Galbo
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. No, that's helpful. And maybe just Jim Sheehan, a quick one. Just -- you're kind of a month into the
quarter at this point. You saw a pretty wide range on the COVID costs for the fourth quarter. Just what
would drive you to the high end versus the low end of the $20 million to $40 million?

James N. Sheehan
Executive VP & CFO

The issue that would create the highest cost would be a plant pause. The fact that -- we talked about
this, I think, in the last quarter. Every day, we're getting better at running our facilities under the current
structures and the current cost matrix that we have. And we'll be -- we were better at the end of the
quarter than we were at the beginning of the quarter and the end of the fourth quarter will be much
better. So we continue to improve, and we address these costs, but they're real cost and they are there.
So we're building efficiencies. If there's a plant pause, that would have the biggest risk of increasing our
cost.

Operator

The next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So my question is just thinking -- wrapping all, there's a lot of ground covered. The comments on the
fiscal fourth quarter kind of mirrored the dynamics of the third quarter. I'm just trying to translate that
into kind of operating performance a little bit. And is that intended to reflect sales and year-on-year sales
and EBIT or year-on-year margin performance would look similar absent kind of a substantial change
in the COVID kind of outlook? Or just help me think about kind of what that actually means as we think
about sales, margins in your business.

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So Adam, I guess I'll take it more from a sales perspective. And so when we say similar dynamics
to Q3, I mean, we're thinking about continued strong retail demand, both from Grocery Products,
Refrigerated Foods and JOTS. Still experiencing recovery in the foodservice businesses. And just a
reminder that they're a big part of Refrigerated Foods and JOTS. So we have continued to work to do. Our
international demand is strong across most geographies. We expect that to continue. As I said earlier,
from a supply chain perspective, not having outbreaks, but we continue to battle on the production front
as we do have individual cases, and that can create production challenges. We talked about the safety
stock as a buffer and the need to have supply chain hitting on all cylinders. And so that's when we say
the dynamics are similar to Q3. I mean, that's how we're thinking about it from a demand and a supply
perspective. So hopefully, that's helpful to you.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

It is. And just last quick one. The $80 million to $100 million of COVID-related costs that you're expecting
to incur in fiscal '20. Do you have any rough idea of what that could look like in fiscal '21? I imagine
there's a portion of that, that's bonuses that you wouldn't necessarily plan on repeating.

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Yes. We don't have an estimate on that for '21 yet. We're starting that whole process. And we're trying to
get a better read on those that are permanent or longer term and those that were temporary. So we don't
have that today. And as soon as we get more clarity on that, we'll pass that along.

Operator

The last question today will come from Robert Moskow of Crédit Suisse.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

What an honor to be the wrap-up question. Okay. Believe it or not, it's still about inventory levels. So one
point of clarification, I guess, is last quarter, I think what we learned is that maybe 20% of the grocery
division is contract manufacturing, also some alternative channels that are not growing within grocery. So
is it fair to say that that's the reason why maybe your grocery division is not demonstrating the same level
of growth that most of us see in Nielsen-measured channels at retail? It's -- I'm having trouble figuring
out whether retailers reduced inventory or not. It sounds like they really didn't in the third quarter. That
really the difference between the Nielsen-measured and what you're reporting here is really just the
alternative channels.

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I think that's right, Rob. First, I'd say it's always an honor to back clean up. So we're honored
that you're -- but you're right. I mean, we do have that delta in Grocery Products that is at the food-
away-from-home that's in MegaMex and then the contract manufacturing that I know we talked about
last quarter, and so that is the delta. From a retailer perspective, I mean, we haven't seen anything
significantly different in terms of what they're doing with their inventory levels.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. Got it. So it's not like we're going to have a big refill in the October quarter related to the fall season
or anything like that? You'll ship to consumption in the fall -- in the October quarter is your expectation?

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Exactly.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. Okay. And then last question. On Refrigerated, you said that your commodity cost hogs are down,
you used to give us fresh pork profits in the past when it was kind of normalizing lower. So are fresh pork
profits higher in this quarter versus a year ago as a result of those hog costs being down?

James N. Sheehan
Executive VP & CFO

They're actually relatively comparable.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Comparable.

James N. Sheehan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, they're comparable. Because obviously, there's been so much volatility in the markets. I mean, it's
just been while. Bellies were as low as $89 and as high as $267 and the timing of when you're buying and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

when you're selling just could have a -- can play havoc on that. So Rob, this is -- fresh pork isn't probably
the most -- this isn't the best quarter to measure profitability of fresh pork, but it was in the range.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. And when you're talking about fresh pork, you're talking about also including those hedges as well,
that were unfavorable in the quarter?

James N. Sheehan
Executive VP & CFO

Right. That's true, Rob.

Operator

This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Jim Snee
for any closing remarks.

James P. Snee
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, thank you for joining us on our call today. One of our cultural beliefs is results matter. And as
you heard today, we delivered results. We delivered results in many areas. We delivered results in our
business. We delivered results in keeping our team members safe. And once again, we delivered results as
a great corporate citizen. To our team members listening in, thank you for all you do. Stay safe.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

HORMEL FOODS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

