Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:HST
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 05, 2020 5:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(0.46)

Revenue  (mm)

232.59

(0.44)

198.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-05-2020 10:52 AM GMT

NM

(0.40)

(1.37)

(0.72)

(14.87 %)

286.50

1644.51

2746.14

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.10

0.06

(0.52)

(0.46)

0.19

0.00

(0.50)

(0.44)

SURPRISE

90.00 %

(100.00 %)

NM

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

James F. Risoleo
President, CEO & Director

Sourav Ghosh
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Tejal R. Engman
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relation

ANALYSTS

Anthony Franklin Powell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Chris Jon Woronka
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

David Brian Katz
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Dori Lynn Kesten
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Lukas Michael Hartwich
Green Street Advisors, LLC,
Research Division

Richard Allen Hightower
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Unknown Analyst

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's
conference is being recorded.

At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Tejal Engman, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Please go ahead.

Tejal R. Engman
Senior Vice President of Investor Relation

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, please note that many of the comments made
today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our
filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause
future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these
forward-looking statements.

In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted
EBITDAre, cash burn and hotel-level results. You can find this information, together with the reconciliation
to the most directly comparable GAAP information in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with
the SEC and in the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com.

Participating in today's call with me will be Jim Risoleo, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Sourav
Ghosh, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer.

And now I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.

James F. Risoleo
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Tejal, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. I hope all of you and your families
remain safe and healthy. Over the last several months, we've transitioned from responding to the
challenges posed by this pandemic to rebuilding our business within its compounds.

To that end, I would like to highlight 3 key achievements since our last earnings call. First, we've achieved
gradual but steady revenue growth, with our portfolio delivering sequentially higher RevPAR each month
from a historic low of approximately $9 in April to a preliminary estimate of $37 in October.

Although third quarter and October RevPAR remained more than 80% lower year-over-year, third quarter
revenues grew over 90% quarter-over-quarter as our operators maximize their efforts to access all
potential sources of hotel demand, which continues to gradually increase.

Second, we have reduced our third quarter hotel level operating loss by approximately 40% from second
quarter levels, including the benefit of a $23 million employee retention credit.

Based on third quarter results and excluding the employee retention credit benefit, we have reduced our
monthly ongoing hotel level operating loss by approximately 25% on average compared to the second
quarter. Our sequential revenue growth has flowed through to our bottom line as our operators have
continued to do an outstanding job of minimizing expenses.

Finally, we have further strengthened our robust liquidity by raising over $600 million of capital through
opportunistic asset sales and debt refinancing and repayments. As a result, if fourth quarter operations are
commensurate with the third quarter, we expect to end the year with approximately $2.4 billion to $2.5
billion of total available liquidity, including cash and FF&E reserves, with no debt maturity until 2023.

As we enter the ninth month of the pandemic with daily COVID-19 case count in the United States in their
all-time highs, we continue to believe that the demand recovery will remain gradual and choppy before

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

the widespread availability of effective COVID-19 vaccines and therapeutics. Therefore, our key near-term
priorities remain: number one, working with our operators to continue to access all potential sources of
demand; number two, minimizing expenses and reducing hotel cash burn; and number three, maximizing
liquidity.

We are equally focused on our longer-term objectives of structurally redefining our operating model,
positioning our portfolio to gain RevPAR index share and capitalizing on opportunistic investments to
create long-term value for our stockholders.

Let me walk you through our progress on these near and long-term objectives before handing the call over
to Sourav to explain our third quarter operating performance.

Beginning with demand, although occupancy continues to be driven by leisure travelers, our hotels are
also capturing short-term group airline crew and small but steady business transient volumes. We booked
127,000 group nights in third quarter and delivered 88,000 more room nights than the second quarter, if
you exclude New York, which accounted for the majority of group room nights in the second quarter due to
medical and first responder business.

Excluding New York, group rooms increased progressively throughout the quarter from 19,000 in July to
40,000 in August and 49,000 in September, primarily driven by corporate and SMERF events. 9 of our
hotels booked sports-related group locks, for Major League baseball and NFL teams to ESPN and other
sports media, with a notable 800 rooms booked at Hyatt Regency San Francisco Berlin Game for the PGA
Championship in August.

In addition, the Andaz Maui was partially bought out by a film production unit, which generated over
8,000 total room nights across September and October, 2 months when regular hotel operations were
temporarily suspended. With robust safety protocols in place, including testing attendees upon arrival
and employees on a daily basis, the Andaz generated a little over $1.7 million of incremental hotel-level
EBITDA from this business.

While our operators are striving to access all potential sources of hotel demand, they remain focused on
working with meeting planners to restore confidence in traditional group meetings and events. In October,
the Orlando World Center Marriott hosted this year's Connect 2020 conference, with more than 1,000 in-
person attendees at our hotel and 175 virtual attendees at home. Every detail was meticulously designed
for safety, as the trade show was spread across our 39,000 square foot crystal ballroom with widely
spaced booths and aisles, so the large groups of attendees were able to socially distance safely.

Attendees complied with the hotel's mass mandate and plenty of mass were available on site. The
property was able to complement the in-person event with virtual suppliers and a digital trade show that
occurred simultaneously. We believe this hybrid meeting format will augment in-person demand, and
Marriott plans to host 4 global hybrid meeting events starting on November 9 at our Ritz-Carlton and
Tysons Corner.

While such events help publicize the fact that meetings can take place safely, despite the complexities
posed by the pandemic, restrictions on large group gatherings remain in place for most states and
local jurisdictions, and nearly all conventions and city wides have been canceled through the first
quarter of next year. We remain optimistic about group business on a medium to long-term basis due to
encouraging group booking patterns. Rebookings as a percentage of cancellations continue to increase
with approximately 16% of group book business that was canceled in 2020, now rebooked into future
years, up from 11.6% in the second quarter.

Moreover, group cancellations for 2021 remain concentrated through April, with groups that are scheduled
for the second half of next year holding fairly steady.

In the third quarter, we booked a net 81,000 group rooms for the second half of 2021, driven by San
Francisco, San Jose, Orlando, New York and the D.C. Metro region. We have 2.2 million definite rooms
on the books for 2021, which on a full year basis, is 31.5% lower than the same time last year, and on
a second half basis is 7.7% lower. For context, we had approximately 3.2 million definite rooms on the
books for full year 2020 at the same time last year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Finally, our operators achieved a robust sequential increase in 2,022 to 2,024 group bookings. We booked
nearly 100,000 more room nights for these out years in the third quarter than we did in the second
quarter, with room night activity down only 13% to the same time last year. Importantly, for these out
years, ADR is only 80 basis points lower than the same time last year in contrast to the deep discounting
that prevailed in the aftermath of 9/11 and the great financial crisis.

Moving on to business transient. Demand remains minimal but has improved from 11,000 room nights in
July to 13,000 in August and 14,000 in September. A variety of industries are driving demand, including
health care, consulting, technology and financial and business services with no particular standouts. In
general, both group and business transient demand is being driven by smaller organizations rather than
by the large corporate accounts. We continue to believe that business travel will recover in line with the
broader economic recovery because of the ROI it generates for businesses.

For every dollar spent on business travel, there is a $10 return in revenue and a $3 return in profit,
according to a 2013 analysis by U.S. Travel and Oxford Economics, which statistically modeled 14
industries over 18 years. Moreover, travel makes up only 1% of total U.S. corporate sales and roughly
2% of operating expenses according to the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis, making travel cuts less
impactful to long-term profitability than is commonly perceived.

Turning to contract revenues, although TSA passenger volumes have slowed recently, they grew steadily
during the third quarter as airlines continue to add more destinations. Our operators drove additional
crew business to our hotels, resulting in 31,000 more contract rooms in the third quarter compared to the
second quarter, a 71% sequential increase.

And finally, leisure demand, which relatively outperformed other types of demand through the summer,
has held up better than historically does post Labor Day. If lines between work, school and home remain
blurred, our operators have created new offerings to appeal to consumers looking to escape, by not being
at home. Hyatt introduced the work from Hyatt Package and Marriott launched the Work Anywhere with
Marriott Bonvoy package. The packages facilitate working productively from a hotel for the day, a short
stay or an extended resort or vocation. Another example of our operators innovating to access all potential
sources of demand.

Moving on to cash burn. Our hotel level operating loss averaged $40 million a month in the third quarter,
not including the employee retentioning credit received under the CARES Act. That's $10 million per month
lower than the monthly cash burn scenario we outlined on our second quarter call and approximately half
the worst-case scenario of $70 million to $80 million that we discussed in May.

Our third quarter hotel level cash expenses less the employee retention credit increased by 19% on a
revenue increase of over 90% compared to the second quarter. Our operators have demonstrated their
commitment to achieving hotel level breakeven as soon as possible by continuing to minimize costs and
add back expenses only as necessary to service business levels at the current low occupancy rate.

Assuming operational performance remains at third quarter levels, we would expect approximately
$95 million to $105 million of total monthly cash outflows, reflecting an average hotel level loss of
approximately $40 million a month as well as estimated CapEx, interest payments and general corporate
overhead.

Above property, corporate level monthly cash flows will be sequentially higher in the fourth quarter due to
the timing of CapEx and interest payments. So Rob will provide greater details on our near-term cash burn
trajectory in his prepared remarks.

Moving to our final near-term objective of maximizing liquidity. We raised over $600 million of capital
through opportunistic asset sales and debt refinancing since our last earnings call. We sold the 532 room
Newport Beach Marriott Hotel & Spa for $260 million, which exceeds our pre-COVID internal hold value for
this asset. Moreover, we reduced our future CapEx commitments with the sale of this hotel, including $19
million of contractually required owner-funded CapEx for the Marriott transformational capital program and
associated systems renovations.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

This was an opportunistic sale at pre-COVID pricing to a buyer who has strategic reasons to own the
asset. We are pleased to have achieved a total CapEx adjusted valuation of 13.8x 2019 EBITDA and a
6.8% cap rate based on 2019 NOI and to have further enhanced our liquidity and reduced our near-term
capital spending requirements.

Moreover, there will be no incremental redistribution requirement imposed by the tax gains generated by
the sale of the Newport Beach Marriott. Due to a combination of the first quarter, common cash dividend
was paid in April 2020 and the anticipated net operating tax loss to be incurred by hosting in 2020 also.
We also completed the second closing on the sale of development land at The Phoenician, bringing our
total land sales at that asset to approximately $83 million this year.

As we have discussed in the past, the sale of this land wasn't in our underwriting when we acquired
the hotel in 2015. However, it was a part of our vision to unlock the tremendous value we saw in The
Phoenician. We are pleased to have executed an incredibly complex rezoning entitlement process by
solving multiple technical issues. And so doing, we have successfully monetized approximately 38 acres of
nonincome-producing land and created value for our stockholders, while retaining an additional 21.5 acres
of land to create further value through a combination of future sales or resort expansion.

The buyer plans to build approximately 165 luxury condominium units, 85 single-family homes and 30
villas on these parcels. And residents will have the option to purchase an amenity program with The
Phoenician to access resort amenities and other services. We anticipate that this build in demand will help
drive food and beverage, spa and golf revenues at the resort.

To conclude on our near-term objectives, we further enhanced our liquidity position by issuing a total of
$750 million of Series I senior notes in 2 substantially oversubscribed tranches, resulting in an attractive
coupon of 3.5% and a re-offer yield of 3.6% to 3.7%. In conjunction with our Series I issuance, we
completed a tender offer of our 4.75% Series C senior notes due 2023, with an approximately 81%
participation rate. As a result, we further augmented our cash position by $343 million, while extending
our average debt maturity and maintaining our weighted average interest rate.

Shifting to our longer-term objectives. We are working with our operators to redefine our operating model.
Cash utilization of management functions and a reduction in the fixed component of above property
charges are 2 of the biggest contributors to our long-term cost savings target of $100 million to $150
million, which is based on 2019 revenues and represents approximately 3% to 4% of pro forma 2019 hotel
level expenses.

To date, our operators have made solid progress on both of these priorities as they restructure their
workforce and their above property shared services for sales, marketing, revenue management and it. We
remain deeply committed to working with our operators to create long-term efficiencies that will allow us
to generate greater profitability at lower levels of occupancy. A more profitable operating model will not
only make for a faster recovery to 2019 EBITDA levels, but it will also improve the long-term value of our
assets.

Now turning to investments. Let me begin with our capital investment plans for the portfolio. We believe
our ability to continue to invest in our portfolio as a unique competitive advantage that will positively
influence our relative performance and our growth trajectory throughout this lodging cycle. Although
we have cut our 2020 maintenance CapEx budget by nearly 40%, we continue to invest in the Marriott
transformational capital program as well as in other ROI projects.

On a combined basis, these represent nearly 70% of our 2020 capital spend. Moreover, nearly 70% of
our investment in the Marriott program will be complete by year-end 2020, and the entire program will
be substantially completed by year-end 2022. As a result, we expect to gain RevPAR index share during
the heart of the recovery. First, as we outperformed the competition that is unable to invest this year
and next; and second, as we maintain our RevPAR index share gains when competitors disrupt their
operations to renovate assets later in the cycle, with 2022 likely being the first year that many will be able
to meaningfully invest in their portfolios.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

The Coronado Island Marriott Resort & Spa, for example, completed its transformational program
renovations last year and has improved its RevPAR index share by 9.8 points through August this year
compared with the same period in 2018. This is nearly 3x the program's expectations of 3 to 4 points of
index share gains. It has also outperformed the San Diego downtown upper upscale submarket by 16
points year-to-date, implying over $2 million in incremental room revenues.

Moving on to acquisition opportunities and the transaction markets, a record 26% of CMBS hotel loans
were in special servicing in September 2020 compared with 1.9% in December 2019, and 70% of hotel
loans are either in special servicing or on special servicing watch list according to Trepp Research.
Delinquency rates are expected to move higher as forbearance agreements start to roll off.

Additionally, some hotel owners who were hoping for a speedy recovery may not be able to sustain the
cash outflows required to service their indebtedness and may decide to throw in the towel. So although
we don't see high-quality assets trading at this time, we continue to focus on opportunities where we
can leverage our competitive advantages, such as deep owner, broker and operator relationships and our
ability to do large transactions.

Our reputation for providing speed and certainty of closing and ability to offer tax-advantaged structures
to sellers are additional distinguishing factors.

To conclude, our near-term objectives aim to lower our cash burn and maximize our liquidity, while our
longer-term objectives are designed to drive faster EBITDA recovery by structurally improving margins,
gaining market share and acquiring assets. With $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion of expected total available
liquidity at year-end, we believe we have the ability to withstand prolonged business disruption and
capitalize on opportunities for growth.

We entered this crisis as one of the lodging REITs with the lowest leverage and greatest balance sheet
capacity and believe these remain key attributes that are necessary to create meaningful long-term value
in this new lodging cycle. With that, I will turn the call over to Sourav.

Sourav Ghosh
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Building on Jim's comments, our third quarter top line
performance improved from the historic lows recorded in the second quarter. RevPAR for the third quarter
declined by 84.1% year-over-year compared with a 93% year-over-year decline in the second quarter.
Year-over-year occupancy and ADR declines, both improved on a sequential basis, as we reopened 20
hotels in the third quarter and summer leisure travel bolstered overall hotel demand.

Compared to STR data for U.S. upper tier hotels in our top markets, our total portfolio's ADR declines
were 150 basis points better than the industries. We outperformed on average occupancy in 11 of our top
markets in the third quarter. However, our overall occupancy declines were 370 basis points greater than
STR, primarily because our portfolio has more hotels in prime downtown locations than the industry does.

Notably, our RevPAR was in line or better than the industries in our resort oriented markets such as
Jacksonville, Florida Gulf Coast, Miami, Phoenix and Hawaii as well as in Northern Virginia and New York,
where we benefited from crew business and corporate room blocks. Our operators continue to be able to
preserve and, in some cases, to even exceed rates versus the same time last year at properties that are
high in demand, especially on strong compression dates such as national holidays.

For example, our Florida Coastal Resorts delivered 22% year-over-year ADR growth in September. In
general, rate doesn't appear to be driving occupancy to the extent it normally would in a downturn.
Customers are more sensitive to cleanliness and sanitization standards than to room rates. We, therefore,
remain hopeful that rate degregation will be less severe than in prior turns and that branded hotels
will benefit from having stringent cleanliness standards to help gain customer trust and strong loyalty
programs to help drive demand.

Shifting to non-rooms revenues. Third quarter food and beverage revenues on a pro forma basis declined
by approximately 90% year-over-year due to a 96.5% reduction in banquet and AV revenue and an 81%

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

reduction in outlet revenue. At our open resort properties, however, outlet revenues per occupied room
were nearly 28% higher year-over-year, as leisure transient guests continue to dine on property during
their stay.

While other revenues included approximately $10 million of group and attrition and cancellation fees,
we do not expect to recognize material cancellation and attrition revenues related to the pandemic
going forward as we continue to prioritize the rebooking of group business. Preliminary top line numbers
for October reflect a gradual but steady month-over-month improvement, with October RevPAR at
approximately $37 compared to September RevPAR of $34.64, driven by 20.7% occupancy and an
approximately $179 ADR. Year-over-year RevPAR declined by approximately 82% and was almost the
same as the year-over-year RevPAR decline reported in September.

Looking at November, we expect top line performance to be negatively impacted by the election this week,
but are hopeful that demand will gradually improve around the holidays. Although visibility remains limited
as the length of the booking window remains extremely short, our portfolio is generally well positioned to
capture short-lead time demand as we now have 75 of 79 hotels representing 94% of our total room count
open.

Speaking of reopenings, let me provide you with a brief update on Hawaii, which reopened to tourists
on October 15. Travelers who get a COVID-19 test, no more than 72 hours before departure and show
proof of a negative test upon arrival are now exempt from the mandatory 14-day quarantine rule. Multiple
airlines and airports are now offering rapid COVID-19 testing for Hawaii-bound passengers, thereby
enabling a gradual return of tourists to the islands.

For November, occupancy on the books is currently ranging between 20% to 35% across our 4 properties
in Maui and Oahu. Moreover, the November through January transient ADR pace for our hotels in Hawaii is
up 3.8% year-over-year.

Moving on to expenses. We worked with our operators to reduce third quarter hotel operating costs
by over 65% year-over-year, excluding the $43 million of severance paid in the quarter. Although our
operators recorded a $23 million reduction in expenses related to the employee retention credit received
in the third quarter, this benefit was more than offset by $31 million of health care benefits paid to
furloughed employees.

As a reminder, we accrued $32 million for that expense in the second quarter. In the third quarter,
we accrued an additional $26 million for similar payments that will be made in the fourth quarter. As
previously disclosed, we expect to incur another $16 million to $26 million of severance expense in the
fourth quarter as our operators continue to reevaluate the workforce structure and implement changes
that are expected to lead to a more efficient operating model in the long term. We have worked closely
with our operators to minimize expenses in the third quarter, despite a reopening more hotels and
achieving greater levels of occupancy.

Fixed costs declined 46% year-over-year, excluding the employee retention credit, which is remarkable
when you consider that a significant portion of the remaining fixed expenses consist of property taxes and
insurance. The quarter-over-quarter increase in the fixed cost was largely due to improving business levels
and increased maintenance, utilities and contract service costs at the 20 hotels that were reopened during
the third quarter.

Variable costs were down 85.5% on a total revenue decline of 84% year-over-year. Since April, variable
cost declines have broadly matched revenue declines, while ongoing wage and benefit costs have only
slightly increased with improving volumes. Hotel management teams have implemented productivity
saving protocols, restructured food and beverage platforms and improved the cross utilization of
associates.

As an example, our operators have more than offset the cost increase associated with revised protocols by
driving productivity improvement in housekeeping. For the fourth quarter, we believe we will see continued
cost containment for wages and benefits and variable expenses, where cost reductions mirror reductions

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

in overall volume. With regards to fixed costs, the brands have already communicated reductions in above
property costs.

Moreover, we would also expect the tax benefit we experienced at the corporate level in the third quarter
to continue along the same trajectory. 15 hotels delivered a hotel-level operating profit for the third entire
third quarter with 18 hotels recording a hotel level operating profit in September, excluding the impact of
the employee retention credit.

At the hotel EBITDA level, we are breaking even in the 35% to 45% occupancy range when ADR is down
15% to 30%, in line with the estimates we provided in April. Assuming the inclusion of corporate level
expenses for interest and corporate G&A of approximately $20 million per month on average, we would
break even at occupancy levels of approximately 45% and 60% at the same ADR decline levels of 15% to
30%.

As you think of our path to EBITDA breakeven and subsequent growth, it is important to note that once
we achieve hotel breakeven for the consolidated portfolio, we would expect operating expenses to ramp
commensurate with business volumes. Therefore, we would expect to remain at breakeven within a range
of occupancy before inflecting upward.

Moving on to cash burn. As Jim noted, we expect fourth quarter above property corporate level monthly
cash outflows to be higher than the third quarter, largely due to the timing of CapEx and interest
payments. At the hotel level, if operational performance remains at third quarter levels, we would expect
an operating loss of approximately $40 million a month, excluding the benefit of the employee retention
credit.

Based on this scenario, overall fourth quarter cash burn would be higher than the third quarter and in the
range of approximately $95 million to $105 million a month. Of this amount, approximately $35 million a
month is related to our CapEx program. I would like to note that we haven't provided a hotel-level cash
burn breakdown for each month of the third quarter because the lumpiness of cash inflows and outflows
may make monthly level disclosures misleading.

For example, September includes the operating profit guarantee for the Marriott transformational capital
program as well as the employee retention credit and would, therefore, not provide an accurate run rate
for subsequent months. As Jim mentioned, we successfully refinanced debt in transactions that further
strengthened our liquidity by $343 million, while extending our weighted average debt maturity and
maintaining our weighted average interest rate.

This, combined with approximately $265 million of net proceeds from the sale of the Newport Beach
Marriott and the land of The Phoenician, further maximizes our liquidity, which can be deployed in multiple
ways to create value for our shareholders.

To conclude, although limited visibility continues to make forecasting extremely challenging we continue
to focus on what we can influence, which includes minimizing our cash burn and maximize our liquidity in
the near term, while working with our operators to redefine the hotel operating model and investing in our
assets so they may outperform over the long term.

Similarly, the strength of our balance sheet and liquidity position allows us to endure an unprecedented
crisis today while enabling us to be opportunistic and grow shareholder value in the future.
And with that, we will now open it up to Q&A. To ensure we have time to address questions from as many
of you as possible, please limit yourself to one question.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Rich Hightower with Evercore.

Richard Allen Hightower
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

A lot of ground we could cover here. But from my, I guess, one question, I want to talk about maybe the
impediments to stronger sort of group business bookings as we think about the second half of next year
and beyond. And if you had to sort of weigh the different factors that might be holding that back, I mean,
is it public health? Or is it sort of corporate profits and companies thinking about their budgets? I mean,
between those 2 or maybe other factors, what do you think might be the biggest hindrance at this point?

James F. Risoleo
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Rich, Sourav can jump in on the way here, I'll start. I think it's -- the holdback that we're seeing
generally in bookings, both on the business transient side and the group side is related to a couple of
things. Number one, government restrictions, and that's being driven by public health concerns. So I think
we -- as we've talked many times, we're not going to see business return to any sense of normalcy until
we have an effective vaccine or vaccines or therapeutics combined with the vaccine.

That said, we did talk about, I think, Sourav talked in his comments or maybe it was mine about what
we're seeing happen next year with respect to group cancellations. It's clear to us with Connect 2020
being held at Orlando World center, the meeting planners want to get crews back on the road and in
hotels. It's very important for associations to meet and for corporate groups to come together as well.

So our mix from 2017 into 2019 average mix, group business was roughly, on a revenue basis, call it,
35% association, 47% corporate and 18% other, which is really SMERF. I would tell you that we're seeing
a strong desire on the part of association business to come back. And we're all praying that we have an
effective vaccine. So we can talk about how crew pace is looking into 2022 and beyond. And I'll let Sourav
take that.

Sourav Ghosh
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Sure. So Rich, I think more than taste, what we're focused on right now as we had talked about last
quarter, was really the tentative bookings, which was waiting in the sidelines because pace, obviously, as
you would expect, is down because of the uncertainty. But the tentative bookings have really pushed to
the second half of next year. Right now, our tentative revenue on the books is up 32%. So clearly, people
do want to meet. It's just a matter of, like Jim said, when they are comfortable traveling again, and that's
obviously a broader concern.

The other stat throughout there is, we did book, which is encouraging. We booked 300,000 rooms in the
third quarter for 22 to 24 for future years. When compare that to the same time last year, it's only down
about 45,000 rooms. And from an ADR perspective, the other encouraging thing is ADRs for the room that
we booked is less than 1 point down to the same time last year. So again, encouraging trends when you
look out into the future.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Powell with Barclays.

Anthony Franklin Powell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Question on transactions. Do you still think that you'll see an increase in activity in the overall
environment for transactions in, say, the first half of next year? And a lot of your peers have talked about
structures like JVs and club deals and other kind of alternative ways to start acquiring hotels. Would you
consider those as you start to ramp up your activity?

James F. Risoleo
President, CEO & Director

Anthony, I think we would be very open to exploring club deals and JVs, off-balance sheet formats, if it
makes sense to us. We are in a unique position where under our existing credit facility waiver agreement,
we can acquire up to $1.5 billion of hotels out of existing liquidity, subject to maintaining $500 million of
liquidity in the company. And as we discussed, we expect, assuming that the fourth quarter trends mirror
the third quarter trends and we're very pleased with how October has played out that we'll have $2.4
billion to $2.5 billion of available liquidity at the end of this year, taking us into next year.

So I think that not only are club deals available. As you know, we were very successful in putting together
a club deal in Europe with GIC and APG, the Euro JV, where we acquired over 20 hotels as general partner,
and we would be very happy to do something like that again in the U.S. if the opportunity presented itself.
One of the other distinguishing factors that we have available to us on the acquisition side is the ability to
issue operating partnership units that is truly distinguishing, given the liquidity in our stock.

And just to share, I think we're trading on average now close to $14 million of stock a day. And it gives an
owner the opportunity to provide some liquidity, but to ride the upside as well going forward. So to ride
the upside in host as our EBITDA continues to improve and our stock price continues to improve as well.

So to answer your question about what do we expect to see? Every indication is -- and we're talking to a
lot of people about this, every indication is that come the first half of next year as for various periods way
start to expire and as owners who are in the unfortunate position where they don't have the liquidity or
they choose to not fund debt service payments and other expenses, we expect to see a significant number
of properties come to market. So the answer is yes to both your questions.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Dori Kesten with Wells Fargo.

Dori Lynn Kesten
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

You detailed in your release, you're reasoning for drawing down your revolver in the quarter. When
would you expect to be out from under that bond covenant minimum? And are there any other similar
constraints that we should be keeping an eye on at this point?

James F. Risoleo
President, CEO & Director

Dori, it's awfully difficult to speculate when we would be out from underneath the debt incurrence test.
I think a lot of it is going to depend on how quickly we get the vaccine and how quickly it's rolled out to
the public. And when businesses are comfortable sending people on the road, which, as I -- in answering
Rich's question, I mean, we have a lot of government restrictions out there. We're going to have to see,
the restrictions loosened, and I don't think that various government authorities are going to be prepared
to do that until we have a vaccine.

So the short answer is we don't know whenever the debt incurrence test will -- we will come back in
compliance with the. We don't have any other issues that you should be aware of today. We're in very
good shape. We've done, I think, a very good job, an amendable job of raising another $600 million of
cash this quarter in a very opportunistic and low-cost way. So we are today focused on reducing expenses,
putting the portfolio in a position where we can outperform when the markets do open up and maximizing
our liquidity.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Your next question comes from the line of Smedes Rose with Citi.

Unknown Analyst

This is [indiscernible] on for Smedes. You spoke a little bit in the opening remarks about the breakeven
rates. So in that scenario, would you be more focused on driving occupancy before stressing rate just
given the cost savings you're targeting? Or -- and then just does that -- how are you also thinking about
margin kind of with a shift in the business mix?

James F. Risoleo
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I'll take the first part of it, then Sourav can jump in. So clearly, our margins will perform better, and it
can drive rate at the expense of occupancy. It will just provide for better flow through to the bottom line,
and we won't have the incremental costs associated with housekeeping and other expenses associated
with having more rooms occupied. That's not to say that we're not going to take every room night that we
can. But as we think about margin performance, the better margin performance is driven by rate going
forward.

And we are very, very pleased with the fact that we're not seeing the rate degradation that we've seen in
other recovery periods. When we look at what happened after 9/11 and what happened after the Great
Recession. So fingers crossed that, that continues to be the trend going forward. And I'll let Sourav talk a
little bit about how we think about breakeven, occupancy and ADR.

Sourav Ghosh
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

So from a mix perspective, that was sort of your second part of the question and how we are managing
margins. Despite changes in mix, right now, the situation we are in as most of our revenues coming in
is really room's only revenue. So reality is, whether we look at leisure business or group any business
coming in because it's primarily rooms only, our focus in -- is really on expenses that can really reduce
and drive higher margins at the rooms level.

Food and beverage outlets in a lot of cases are running in limited operations. And as we have said before,
before we bring back on any food and beverage offerings, we are ensuring it's actually profitable. And we
drive profit to the bottom line. From a margin perspective, it obviously is a lower-margin business. But at
the end of the day, we're looking at EBITDA dollars, not necessarily EBITDA margin. So once revenues do
recover, and we are sort of in a position where we're getting back to pre-COVID levels of revenue, then
the focus will be on margin expansion.

And as we have [ messaged ] before, we are really focused on drawing the $100 million to $150 million
of incremental EBITDA compared to 2019 levels. And we have made quite a bit of progress on that. And a
lot of it is tied to the food and beverage department where there's been significant level of management
reduction. The severance that we had in the third quarter is directly tied to reduction of almost 30% of
management headcount, which we believe is going to be a permanent reduction going forward.

Unknown Analyst

Okay. And then just one more on transaction. Can you just talk about competitive positioning versus
private equity or other institutional kind of capital, just given that they can use higher leverage? And
then as you think about potential acquisitions or dispositions, whether there's markets, you'd like to add
exposure to or exit?

James F. Risoleo
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I'll take the second part of the question first. We are generally market agnostic. We do believe that
maintaining broad geographic diversification is the way to run the business. That said, some markets are
going to open up better and sooner than other markets. So we will take all that into consideration in our
underwriting criteria as we evaluate opportunities going forward.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

With respect to competitive positioning, I just make an observation that today, the debt markets are
generally closed for the level of debt that private equity firms typically need to drive their returns -- their
levered returns and high teens to low 20s or, call it, mid-teens to low 20s.

So we're not seeing any really competition out there today. In fairness, there's just not a lot of product
on the market right now. I mean we are evaluating every deal that we would deem to be attractive. We
haven't come across anything that meets our underwriting criteria, given the facts and circumstances of
where we are in the cycle and the recovery case.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of David Katz with Jefferies.

David Brian Katz
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

And Jim, I will admit, I've gone back and forth just a little bit. But I wanted to just get your updated
thoughts about discussions with the largest brands and the degree to which they can and are reevaluating
the value that they deliver and what you -- frankly, what you pay for it. What we can reasonably expect to
sort of come out of all this? What your view of success really is?

James F. Risoleo
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Well, I think what the brands deliver to us is a testament to the way we have been able to grow the
business in a very challenged environment. And we love the fact that the brands are listening today, and
I'll let Sourav jump in on this in a few minutes. They heard us loud and clear. They heard us with respect
to brand standards. As you know, that there are roughly 300 brand standards at the major brands. And
that would be Marriott, Hyatt and Hilton, and we have worked closely with them to reevaluate each of
those standards going forward. And it relates to the most basic, David, food and beverage offerings.

When the restaurants have to be open, how long do they have to be open, what you have to offer to your
customers. The fact that we are talking about and seeing -- and I'm going to let Sourav give a little more
detail on this, and seeing a true reduction in expenses of between $100 million and $150 million based on
2019 pro forma performance, I think, is a strong testament to the fact that the brands get it today.

They are one with us when it comes to understanding the challenges that owners face. And we interface
with both brands, our 2 major operators, Marriott and Hyatt on a weekly basis. So Sourav, do you want to
talk a little bit about how we're -- what sort of progress we're making on the $100 million to $150 million?

Sourav Ghosh
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Sure. David, so I will start-up by saying that Marriott has actually restructured and reduced above
property shared services, for sales and marketing, revenue management and IT and are right now working
towards reductions of their program shared services fees for the following year. For this year, Hyatt has
also reduced the fixed component of their above property IT costs by 15% and chain marketing fees by as
much as 50%. And moving forward, they're really committed to making their fees more variable so that
the cost is actually tied to exactly what you were talking about, the value proposition to the owner.

In terms of the $100 million to $150 million, the way we think about it is, we would expect that long
term, there will be permanent reduction of the fixed portion of the above property cost by as much as
10% to 20%. So putting that into the context of dollars, that would be somewhere between $20 million
to $25 million of that $100 million to $150 million. Obviously, I would remind everybody that's tied to
2019 revenues. So assuming we get back to '19 revenues, we would be on the other property piece, $20
million, $25 million of savings, with a 10% to 20% reduction of the fixed piece of the above property
costs.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Your next question comes from the line of Lukas Hartwich with Green Street.

Lukas Michael Hartwich
Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

So when looking at forward group bookings, I'm just curious what the curve looks like. Is it a gradual rate
of improvement in activity over time? Or is there kind of a point on the calendar where things really start
to hockey stick?

Sourav Ghosh
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Lukas, right now, sorry, go ahead.

James F. Risoleo
President, CEO & Director

Sourav, that's fine.

Sourav Ghosh
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

I think, right now, what's happening is even for future bookings, the encouraging thing, like I was saying,
there is booking activity for future years. However, the activity is definitely lower than what you would
have expected because there are folks waiting on the sidelines. That's why you have a lot of tentative
bookings, but not necessarily definite on the books looking out to the future years. However, there isn't
really cancellations that are taking place, and that's encouraging. It's just that the booking activity is
somewhat sort of, I would say, is slower than you would typically expect because of all the uncertainty
exists in the short term.

Lukas Michael Hartwich
Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

Right. So in terms of that tentative demand that's kind of waiting on the sidelines, is there a sense of,
in their minds, are they thinking, well, third quarter next year is really someone we'll strongly consider
booking some business? Is there some point in mind of these meeting planners where they're thinking
where they're going to get serious booking? Or is it kind of more of a gradual increase and just wait and
see?

James F. Risoleo
President, CEO & Director

No. I think your third quarter time frame is the right time frame, Lukas. I mean everyone feels that the
first half of next year is going to be -- continue to be challenging and that when we do get a vaccine, it's
going to take some time to get it rolled out among the population. So people are looking at the second
half of next year and beyond.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank.

Chris Jon Woronka
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Was hoping to drill down maybe a little bit on the actual property costs. You guys covered a lot of
ground on shared services and above property. But how much of an opportunity do you see on some of
these labor initiatives like no stay over housekeeping and changing up some of the food and beverage
operations. How much of that realistically do you think you can make permanent -- or the brands willing to
accept it? Or are the customers willing to accept it?

James F. Risoleo
President, CEO & Director
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

I think on the housekeeping side, Chris, it is really going to be opt-in to housekeeping services as opposed
to opt-out going forward. And it's going to vary on, frankly, the type of property we have and the personal
profile of the customer. There were going to be some customers and they're saying if one of our luxury
hotels who are going to continue to demand housekeeping on a daily basis. And depending on different
types of properties that customers may not very well -- they may not want people in their rooms to clean
the rooms as long as they can get clean linens and towels and bathroom amenities that they need deliver
to the front door.

So with respect to food and beverage, I think that we have seen a meaningful change on the F&B side
going forward. I don't think you're going to see, as one example, breakfast buffets or likely hot breakfast
buffets are likely to be a thing of the past. Hot offerings, the M clubs and the Hyatt concierge lounges are
likely to be a thing of the past. So those are going to be permanent cost savings. I don't know if Sourav,
you have anything else you want to add with respect to how we're thinking about the operating model?

Sourav Ghosh
Executive VP, CFO & Treasurer

Yes. I think the only thing I would add is what this endemic sort of has allowed us to do is really look at
zero-based budgeting and ground up budgeting. And tie that with what the value proposition is to the
customer and not only to the customer but also from a brand perspective, what the value proposition is
to the owner. So at the property level, it's really understanding what the customer wants and what the
customer needs and how we would shift the operating model based on that.

So the minimum sort of base labor standards are being completely redefined. So going forward, and it's
going to be tied to what Jim talked about earlier, is how brand standards get reevaluated based on its
customer preferences. So this is an opportunity where we are able to actually do a zero-based budgeting
round up budgets to figure out what is the right labor model. And that's where we are pretty confident. We
think we're going to get savings not only from a housekeeping perspective, but from food and beverage,
particularly in the kitchen department as well.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session, and I would like to
turn the call back to Mr. Jim Risoleo for closing remarks.

James F. Risoleo
President, CEO & Director

I'd like to thank everybody for joining us on the call today. As always, we appreciate the opportunity to
discuss our results with you. I look forward to talking to you -- we all look forward to talking to you next
week or the week after in NAREIT and over the coming weeks and months. So please, everyone stay
healthy and stay positive. We will all get through this, and I wish you all a good day.

Operator
This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your
participation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HOST HOTELS & RESORTS, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

