Howmet Aerospace Inc. NYSE:HWM
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, May 05, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

Revenue  (mm)

3362.58

3209.00

(4.57 %)

1091.00

5501.50

6662.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-15-2020 11:10 AM GMT

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

7

2

 
HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

Kenneth J. Giacobbe
Executive VP & CFO

Paul Thomas Luther
Director of Investor Relations

ANALYSTS

Carter Copeland
Melius Research LLC

Daniel Flick
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

David Egon Strauss
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Joshua Ward Sullivan
The Benchmark Company, LLC,
Research Division

Robert Michael Spingarn
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Seth Michael Seifman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Howmet Aerospace First Quarter 2020 Results.
My name is Shelby, and I'll be your operator for today. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded
for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Paul Luther, Vice
President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.

Paul Thomas Luther
Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Shelby. Good morning, and welcome to the Howmet Aerospace First Quarter 2020 Results
Conference Call. I'm joined by John Plant, Executive Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer; and Ken
Giacobbe, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. After comments by John, we will have a
question-and-answer session. I would like to remind you that today's discussion will contain forward-
looking statements relating to future events and expectations. You can find factors that could cause the
company's actual results to differ materially from these projections listed in today's presentation and
earnings press release and in our most recent SEC filings. In addition, we've included some non-GAAP
financial measures in our discussion. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial
measures can be found in today's press release and in the appendix in today's presentation. With that, I'd
like to turn the call over to John.

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

Good morning, and thank you for joining the call. Given the pre-release of earnings, we'll move swiftly
through the slides and then get to your questions. Revenue and profit for the first quarter were in line with
the pre-release on April 14. Moreover, earnings per share is at the favorable end of the expected range.
If you move to Slide 4, please. Then as we discussed on the last call, on the 1st of April, we separated
Arconic Inc., the reported entity today, into 2 companies: Howmet Aerospace, which is RemainCo, which
is primarily focused on the aerospace sector and contains the 4 business units within the Engineered
Products and Forging segment; Arconic Corporation, SpinCo, which is primarily focused on rolled and
extruded aluminum products, contains the 3 business units within the Global Rolled Products segment. The
targeted guidance for onetime operational and CapEx costs related to the separation were $175 million.
The final costs for the separation will actually be approximately $130 million, excluding tax leakage and
debt breakage. Onetime separation costs were funded by divestiture proceeds of approximately $190
million. The highlight slide for the combined company of Arconic Inc., which includes the EP&F segment,
the GRP segment and Corporate. Performance in the quarter was strong despite the impact of COVID-19,
which surfaced during the last 3 weeks of March. Additionally, we were impacted by lower year-over-year
73 (sic) [ 737 ] MAX production rate reduction. Q1 revenues were $3.2 billion, down 9% versus 2019 and
down 6% organically, adjusting for the pass-through of lower aluminum prices, currency changes and the
divestiture of businesses. Operating income, including special -- excluding special items, was up 19%,
with a 350 basis points improvement. Moreover, EP&F improved 300 basis points and GRP improved 310
basis points. We have now had 5 consecutive quarters of year-over-year margin expansion. Earnings per
share, excluding special items, was $0.62, a record and up 44% year-over-year. Adjusted free cash flow,
excluding separation costs, improved $19 million year-over-year, and the cash balance at the end of the
quarter was $2.64 billion. We've taken several actions to delever and improve our debt maturity profile,
which I will discuss later in the presentation. Lastly, return on net assets was up 410 basis points to a
record 14.8% return after tax. Now let me turn it over to Ken for a more detailed view of the financials.

Kenneth J. Giacobbe
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. Let's move to Slide 6. So for Q1, revenues were $3.2 billion,
down 6% organically. Year-over-year market declines were driven by disruptions from COVID-19 and 737

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

MAX production declines, which impacted both segments. Revenues for EP&F were down 4% organically,
driven by reductions in commercial aerospace of 7% and commercial transportation of 21%. We did have
favorability in defense aero, which was up 17%, driven by the continued demand for the Joint Strike
Fighter. Also, our industrial and other markets were up 13%, driven by increased demand for industrial
gas turbines as natural gas prices are at 25-year lows. GRP revenues were down 7% organically, driven
by all end markets with the exception of industrial, which was up 14% year-on-year as expected. Please
move to Slide 7. On this slide, we've provided more visibility to the Howmet Aerospace end markets. The
left-hand side of the slide breaks down Q1 revenue by market. So commercial aerospace is 58% of total
revenue. Defense aero is 15%. Commercial transportation is also 15%. And industrial, combined with our
other end markets, are 12%. We expect defense aerospace to continue to grow year-over-year due to
strong demand for the Joint Strike Fighter on both new builds and engine spares. Within the industrial
and other market slices of the pie, the highest growth section is IGT, our industrial gas turbines business.
The IGT market was at a low level last year, and we expect to see growth in 2020, driven by increased
demand for both new builds and spares. Regarding spares, we have previously communicated that airfoil
spares represent approximately $800 million of annual revenue. Of the $800 million, approximately
50% relates to commercial aerospace engine spares and the other half for defense aero and IGT spares.
Going forward, we expect reductions in commercial aero spares but an increase in defense aero and
IGT spares. Hopefully, this slide gives greater transparency into Howmet Aerospace's end markets. We
have created the same slide for GRP, which is listed at Slide 21 in the appendix. Now let's move to Slide
8. Operating profit, excluding special items, increased $75 million or 19% year-over-year, resulted in a
record margin of 14.1% despite COVID-19 and 737 MAX impacts. Margin expansion was 350 basis points,
up year-over-year, combined for total Arconic Inc. If we peel that back, EP&F had margin expansion of 300
basis points and GRP had margin expansion of 310 basis points. Corporate expenses, excluding special
items, improved 29% year-over-year to $36 million, which is on track with our 2020 annual target. If we
estimate a Q1 split of Arconic Inc.'s corporate expenses into the new Howmet Aerospace and new Arconic
Corp. company is approximately $20 million of those corporate expenses go to Howmet and $16 million to
Arconic Corp. Moving to EP&F. Our productivity continues to improve. For the first quarter, EP&F realized
$26 million of year-over-year net cost reductions from actions that we took in 2019.

The annual target for Howmet Aerospace was $50 million, and therefore, we're ahead of target for
the first quarter. Additionally, we've announced another $100 million of incremental run rate net cost
reductions and have taken a $16 million after-tax restructuring charge in the first quarter. Turning to
price. We had $5 million of price increases in the first quarter, which was in line with our expectations.
Moving forward, we expect greater price increases in quarters 2 through 4 despite the market conditions.
GRP also had good net cost reductions in the quarter. GRP extrusions returned to profitability in Q1 and
the Tennessee plant improved profitability by approximately $11 million year-over-year. Lastly, North
American scrap utilization approached 60% to a record level. GRP price was approximately flat to the prior
year quarter. So let's move to Slide 9. In Q1, we continued year-over-year segment margin expansion for
both segments despite COVID-19 and the 737 impacts. To give you even greater visibility, let's quickly
move to Slide 10. Since Q4 of 2018, EP&F segment operating profit has increased 520 basis points,
and GRP's segment operating profit has increased 540 basis points. If we converted the EP&F segment
operating profit to a pro forma Howmet Aerospace adjusted EBITDA, you get a percent of approximately
23.7%, which is in the top quartile of the peer group. Now let's move to Slide 11, where we have adjusted
free cash flow and earnings per share. The charts show the consolidated company of Arconic Inc., and
we've also tried to give you a view of what the estimate would be for Howmet Aerospace. Adjusted free
cash flow for the quarter was negative $246 million. That was in line with our expectations due to our
Q1 seasonal capital -- seasonal working capital build and an expected incremental $70 million of variable
compensation payments tied to 2019 performance. Free cash flow for Q1 was $19 million better than
the prior year and is the best performance since our first separation in 2016. Howmet Aerospace's free
cash flow is approximately 40% of the total at negative $100 million. Earnings per share, excluding
special items, was a record of $0.62, up 44% from Q1 of 2019. As expected, earnings per share increased
primarily due to operational improvements from segment and corporate productivity. Approximately
65% of the earnings per share relate to Howmet Aerospace or $0.40 per share. Special items totaled
approximately $60 million after tax, and they were primarily driven by separation costs of $50 million and
severance costs of $16 million. Most of the severance costs are tied to the new incremental $100 million

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

cost reduction initiative to realign our cost base as we move into a period of demand uncertainty. With
that, let me turn it back over to John.

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

Thanks, Ken, and let's move on to Slide 12. The health and safety of our employees is our top priority,
and we've added the following precautions to prevent the spread of COVID-19. We've restricted air travel,
and in fact all travel, and are encouraging employees to work from home where appropriate. We have
implemented social distancing standards throughout the manufacturing and office workspaces. And we
are ensuring that updated protocols are followed. Lastly, we're continuing to deep clean and sanitize
workspaces, which have potential exposure. We continue to be a reliable partner to our customers who are
critical to national defense, commercial aviation and the global economy. Let's move to Slide 13. I'll now
turn to the outlook for which I'll confine my comments to Howmet Aerospace. As discussed on the April 14
earnings -- preliminary earnings call, we have an incomplete picture of the future demand pattern since
many of our customers' production has been significantly impacted. Information flow is currently limited,
albeit improving. Hence, we're reducing costs, reducing capital expenditure, temporary suspending the
common stock dividend and improving our debt maturity profile to preserve cash given the lack of clarity.
We find ourselves unable to provide reliable guidance at this time. Turning now to COVID-19. We felt the
impacts from certain customer shutdowns and suspensions and disruptions within certain shifts within our
plants during the last 3 weeks of the quarter. Today, we have only 3 smaller plants, which are currently
closed and they're in Europe. To mitigate the impact of COVID-19, we have commenced plans to reduce
costs by a further $100 million on a run rate basis. This plan is incremental to the $50 million of carrier
reactions we are making from 2019 and the actions we took then. Cost reductions are primarily driven
by incremental overhead and some manufacturing reductions. Moreover, we will reduce annual capital
expenditures by approximately $100 million from the initial target provided at our February 25 Investor
Day. The full year capital expenditure estimate of $200 million is driven by lower volumes and us cutting
those costs. Lastly, we have temporarily suspended the common stock dividend to preserve cash and
provide additional flexibility.
Despite the low volumes in 2020, we expect to be free cash flow positive for the year based upon these
actions. And this free cash flow is after pension after interest and, in fact, all items of cash flow. To give
greater visibility to the free cash flow, let's move to Slide 14 and its key components. We are providing
Q1 results and annual estimates. On an annual basis, consistent with our previous guidance, corporate
overhead, depreciation and amortization and cash taxes are unchanged. Pension and OPEB payments
have been updated to $210 million based upon final separation calculations. Interest payments have
been updated for the new debt issuance, and CapEx has been reduced by the $100 million previously
mentioned. Common stock dividends have been temporarily suspended. Working capital will be a net
source of cash for the year as AR inventory and accounts payable are reduced. Let's move to Slide 15 and
talk about our debt maturities. We've taken 3 actions in April, the first action on April 6, that we redeemed
all of our 2020 bonds for $1 billion. Additionally, we redeemed $300 million of the 2021 bonds. Secondly,
on April 24, we completed a bond issuance for $1.2 billion, which is due in 2025. Thirdly, we initiated 2
tender offers, one for $760 million for a portion of the remaining 2021 bonds and the second tender offer
for approximately $200 million for a portion of the 2022 bonds. These actions will result in the following
3 benefits. Firstly, we paid off all of the 2021 bonds. Secondly, we will take pressure off the balance sheet
by reducing near-term maturities and turning them out a further 5 years. Thirdly, we'll be able to add
approximately $190 million of cash to the balance sheet, which will add to our very healthy cash balance
that we have currently. A pro forma cash balance as of April 24 would be approximately $1 billion. The
pro forma cash balance would be after the Q1 seasonal working capital build. Moreover, we have reduced
the operational cash requirements from $400 million to operate our business to $300 million based upon
the updated seasonal working capital needs pertaining to Howmet. Finally, let's move to Slide 16. We
have prepared a pro forma capital structure slide as of April 24. Pro forma cash would be approximately
$1,030 billion (sic) [ $1,030 million ] and net debt would be approximately 2.4x. Additionally, we have an
undrawn revolver of some $1.5 billion. And with that, let's move to Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Gautam Khanna of Cowen.

Daniel Flick
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

This is Dan on for Gautam. So we were curious, how does the kind of the combination of COVID and the
lower aero OE production rates impact your ability to get the pricing benefits that have been laid out
previously in 2020 and '21?

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

Well, I think in terms of the total dollar amount, we should expect something rather lower, given the
expectation of lower revenues, but the principle of an increase, we believe, will continue to be valid as it
was then. And of course, what we think is the -- any LTA renewals really need to look at the 3- to 5-year
period and not a specific 1- or 2-year time frame and the necessary capacities need to be put in place
when the full run rates are reachieved. So for example, in the case of Airbus, we expect that a couple of
years from now, they hopefully will be back up at 60 build rate per month or more. And the 737 MAX will
be also going very well as the planes on the ground are cleared from what we've read from Boeing.

Daniel Flick
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Got it. Okay. And then just real quick, have you begun to see destocking pressures at all from the aero
OE production cuts? And do you guys have like a good idea of inventory already in the channel? Or is that
something that lacks visibility for you?

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

It's still tough to have total visibility, given the fact that we've only recently had a return to work for those
airplane makers. And they are, as you know, have been reassessing their own production plans and now
that resetting their own inventories. My basic thought is that when we exited 2019, in fact, our arrears
were at a higher level than we'd entered the year. And so given the arrears were so high, it would indicate
that it wasn't an even sort of vast amount of inventory in the pipeline. But I guess it will be part specific
and aircraft specific. So it's hard to give a very precise answer. But as a basic theme, if your arrears were
even higher despite the massive increase in production that we did achieve and the part of the results
we achieved last year, and we certainly didn't have a big burn down of inventory and arrears in the first
quarter. So I don't know it's going to be a massive impact. At the same time, we don't have visibility into
exactly what our customers are carrying.

Operator

Your next question comes from Robert Spingarn of Crédit Suisse.

Robert Michael Spingarn
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

John, if I could ask a technical question. About the life cycle of your -- of an engine and your participation.
When in an aircraft's life cycle will you see your greatest aftermarket events? I'm assuming this is tied to
shop visits. And what do those events represent as a percentage of the original dollar content? So if you
have x on the original airplane and you get to shop visit one, what does that represent in terms of x as a
percentage?

John C. Plant

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

I think the best example I can give you is for the CFM engine, which has recently been replaced, as you
know, by the LEAP engine ranges. And our view is that the peak demand for aftermarket is yet to come.
And so let's assume that peak demand per our estimate is around 2025. And so that would be, let's say,
approximately 7 years after the engine is replaced. So while we have spares demand during across the
life of any engine, its peak is normally after the installed base is at its highest, and therefore, I'd say
approximately a 7-year lag, and therefore, we have that CFM spares, I say, yet to peak. So that gives you
a general direction for it. But it's also influenced by the duty cycle of those airfoils on the engine. And I
think you're probably aware that to achieve the fuel efficiencies that are required for the newer engines in
the thrust for lower emissions and a lower carbon footprint, those engines are running at higher pressures
and temperatures. And so we do our very best to work with the engine manufacturer to achieve similar
life cycle of the blades. But certainly, the impact of those pressure and temperatures is higher. So early on
in an engine life, we probably have a slightly reduced duty cycle. But then it evens out over time. So that
gives you the best answer I can give you to it. I wasn't able to answer your final point about what exactly
what percentage is that -- I'd have to go and get that.

Robert Michael Spingarn
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Well, we can do that off-line, but I was trying to think about it on an individual aircraft basis as opposed to
the fleet as we look at what happens here. But maybe I could try one other thing related. When I go back
to your Investor Day slides, which I wouldn't imagine you have close by, but there's a slide, Slide 29, that
talks about your legacy engine platforms and your next-generation platforms. And you're on all the new
stuff. You're on most of the old stuff. When we think about those 2 populations of airplanes and your $400
million in airfoil aftermarket, if I got that number right, how does that $400 million divide between the 2
groups?

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

That's going to be mainly CFM at this point in time, but there will be the offset on the -- as an example,
I mean I've just given you one engine range. Obviously, there will be the larger engines as well. And
therefore, you have to build the, let's say, the 777 fleet into those numbers or the A330s in there. So
there's a lot of things you've put in there. But basically, if you -- the way I think about it is that of the -- if
you just took the narrow-body engines, come back to the vast majority of the aftermarket, would pertain
to the previous sort of rather the current engine, albeit we will see those -- that spares demand grow over
time for the current engines as well for the LEAP-1A and 1B.

Robert Michael Spingarn
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Of course. But so what you're saying is there's a lot of NG and a lot of CO in that group?

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

Yes. Absolutely. And the reason why we partitioned today, the spares, to give you a little bit more detail
rather than everybody assumed that the $800 million will pertain to the commercial aerospace business.
We also want to draw your attention to, obviously, supply spares to defense and industrial as well.

Robert Michael Spingarn
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Right, of course. But obviously, I'm focusing on the piece that's likely to move the most, just during this
period of time.

Operator

Your next question is from Seth Seifman of JPMorgan.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Seth Michael Seifman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I was just curious with regard to the different product areas that you guys talked about on Investor Day,
the engines, fastening systems, et cetera. I know we don't have guidance for the year at this point. But
when we think about the relative impact of what's happening across aerospace and transportation, and we
think about how those might stack up in terms of the relative impact on sales and profits in those product
segments, is there any color you can offer just on the relative impact there? And do you plan to report out
on this basis going forward?

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

Okay. I think the -- first of all, the planned report out is that we've been thinking it's more likely that we
give the segment information than anything else, albeit we've always given growth rates by end markets.
And I understand why maybe the absolute percentages for end markets is also highly relevant. So we'll
assess that and see whether we put that out there. The way I think about it at the moment is, let's say,
approximately 58%, just under 60% of our business pertains to commercial aerospace. And I'd say a very
coarse level of analysis, so I think it's just -- we're just worth -- it's only a quarter's analysis at this stage.
If you take the changes currently anticipated by Airbus, for example, narrow-body, the A320, more like
about a 35% reduction and wide-bodies at about a 40%. And I'd say Boeing wide-body probably about
the same, but it's a bit more cloudy because of the specific build quantities around the 737. So it's really
difficult to give a generalized picture for the 737 at the moment. I mean, in fact, it's not recertified. But
I'd take a broad sweep through it and say, down 35%, give or take, as a guesstimate at this point in time.
Albeit we do need a little bit more time to be able to give a more accurate and be clear with a clearly
thought through picture.

On commercial transportation, I'm going to be rather more pessimistic and say about 15% of our end
markets. We could see given the fact that if you take April, there was virtually no truck production. And
therefore, I could see us being down close to 50% in that business ultimately. Given the current dramatic
change in the order intake for Class A trucks, as an example, both in Europe and in the U.S. On defense,
that 15%, you see double digits. I mean maybe it will be as big as the 17%, but that's on 15% growth.
And then industrial, I'm going to say trucks, 10%, would be up, would be a guesstimate at this point for
those sales or so. So when you -- and that's the way I sort of test as we try to reforecast each quarter
and trying to reforecast the year as we go through this. I test that against the course modeling that I just
gave to you. And it triangulates reasonably well at this point, albeit we do need another quarter to go by,
I think, in terms of getting enough information to have confidence in providing guidance because I mean
giving guidance, it's pretty serious. We try to get it to be something, which we believe is going to be done
rather than just say, it's not a wish.

Operator

Your next question is from Josh Sullivan of The Benchmark.

Joshua Ward Sullivan
The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division

Just a question on free cash. You're going to be positive here for the year in '20 with working capital as a
source of cash. But if we look at '21 and what the OEMs have communicated on production rates, just as
they stand now, would you be cash flow positive in 2021 or would working capital go the other way?

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

The way I believe that we should operate, that we should be exactly the same as what I went through in
the 2008 and '09 financial crisis, albeit in a different industry. I mean it should be much slimmer margin
than aerospace that was in all [ over the ] company. Back then, we were cash flow positive when the
capital is coming in and cash flow positive when capital is going out. And so that's where I start because
I think that's really important. And my expectation at this point, bear in mind, I'd say, we haven't given

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

guidance, so there haven't been a newer number. But we expect to be cash flow positive in 2020 when
we'll see an inflow, and we'll be cash positive in 2021 when we'll see an outflow. So at this point in time,
that's what I believe to be the case. And I wouldn't be saying it if I didn't really believe it.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your next question is from David Strauss of Barclays.

David Egon Strauss
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Apologies if I missed this. Was late joining in the call. But John, have you offered any color, any range of
what you would think would be the right level for decremental margins as we go down here over the next
couple of quarters?

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

We haven't given decremental margins. When I talked to -- I talked to you quite a bit when we're doing
that virtual -- [ by virtue of ] the debt raise. Of course, we consider that 80% of our cost structure is
variable. Now it doesn't all flex instantaneously as I'm sure you're well aware. There are things which
move instantaneously, which is, for example, if you don't make the part, you don't buy the material. So
you can expect material costs, by and large, to flex according to usage. And then we go through, as I
said, the more extreme would be some of the staff costs, particularly in Europe, where any adjustments
would need to be made after consultation with the European Works Councils and those sort of things.
And so when we think about that, that it takes a longer time to flex it in accordance with the future
demand outlook that we believe we'll see. And so that's what we're trying to do. So there's a guide in
terms of what's truly fixed versus variable, and the variables is in accordance with time because the basic
philosophy being there's very little that should be considered to be permanent or fixed. It's all to do with
the passage of time.

David Egon Strauss
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. And as a quick follow-up, your comment on working capital being a net source this year. What -- did
that happen in Q4? Or did it happen before that? I mean, I think you typically use working capital through
at least the first half of the year.

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

Typically, we've been a working capital user. One of the things we've tried very hard last year for Arconic
Inc. was to -- rather than as we -- all of the cash flow for the company in previous years had really been
achieved in the fourth quarter. We advanced that significantly last year. So we were generative in the
third and fourth quarters. And we were clearly driving on that to really only have our first quarter being a
quarter of cash outflow. And it's a bit too early to say whether that will be achieved given the uncertainty
that we have and we're dealing with at the moment. But that's basically directionally where we believe
to be. Now what I expect to happen is for working capital, I think receivables and payables flex, I think,
for the most part. The latest [ code ] of the day is that we have in the activity levels, the most difficult
one will be inventory management. And my expectation is there, that in the earlier part of the remaining
3 quarters of the year, we will have a degradation of days of inventory. Part of it is just to do with the --
able to respond and flex on input materials in real-time when you would have uncertain, I'd say, customer
schedules. I mean plants have been -- some are already closed with receiving docks closed. And therefore,
if you can't deliver product, it's not surprising, your inventory will increase a bit. But then there's also the
effect of an irreducible amount of inventory between machine stations and extrusion stations in the forging
presses in the business. And so my expectation is that we will see both for Q2 and for the year, but to a
lesser extent as we go through the year as we work this down. So days will -- I expect by the end of the
year, days will be better than they are in Q2, but not as good as previously just because of the scale of, I'll
say, demand contraction that is there potentially. And albeit we'll be grappling with it and driving inventory

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

down in absolute dollars as we go through the year. So it's just -- again, it's one of time. And so while we'll
seem to be a little bit more inefficient in the second quarter, improving efficiency there afterwards. But in
terms of inventory dollars, I struggle to believe that given the scale of diminution of -- on the commercial
aerospace business that we'll be as efficient as we were in these terms as 2019.

Operator

Your next question is from Carter Copeland of Melius Research.

Carter Copeland
Melius Research LLC

Sorry, I was off for a second, John, if you addressed this, but I just wondered if you could speak to just
given your military exposure and some of the capital that's been flowing in even on the commercial side in
terms of payments from your customers and that impact on the working capital situation, if you're seeing
any changes there? It seems like money is increasingly flowing. If it wasn't, just any color there would be
helpful.

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

No, we've seen no change in our receipts from customers at all. So everybody's paid and been paying to
terms. We always have a -- at the end of any month, there's always a tiny delinquency in terms of being
exactly on time. We've never achieved 100% 30 days or 45 days, whatever the number is, in terms of
receipts. But we're up at a very high level of collection percentage, and we've looked at that very carefully
-- and all receipts very carefully and there's no change.

Carter Copeland
Melius Research LLC

Okay. Okay, great. And then with respect to the areas of the business where you've got a substantial
portion of the sales volume that may go through distribution, and I'm thinking about fasteners here.
How do you get comfortable that you've got the risk appropriately sized there given the sort of ongoing
uncertainty around rates and what not? How are you thinking about those portions of the business relative
to the aggregate whole?

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

We've looked both at the OE bill and projected rates and that which goes through distribution where,
of course, it's always -- we have less visibility. Of course, our distribution sales are not really very high,
neither in the context of fasteners nor in sort of in the context of total Howmet. And therefore, while we
are, I think, appropriately cautious, currently, I think we believe we've got a handle on where that is.
Albeit if we were surprised to the upside, that would be great. If we were surprised on the downside, I
don't think it's going to be that significant to us overall.

Operator

Your final question is a follow-up question from Josh Sullivan of The Benchmark.

Joshua Ward Sullivan
The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division

Just a follow-up on the defense side of the business. Can you talk about the F-35 exposure? How much of
that is OEM versus aftermarket at this point as that program matures? And then are defense customers
talking about taking advantage of any of the available commercial capacity to maybe build inventories,
either as buffer stock or spares inventory?

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

So F-35 was -- and I'm supposed to be giving you the answer I could get before I sort of give you more
granular commentary. It's essentially all OE at this point in time, very little spares. That's not to say the
spares aren't required because they are, because the duty cycle of that engine, given it's the military
duty cycle, is far less than the average commercial engine. But then as you've, I think, seen from our
previous decks, I mean that engine is operating to 1,000 degrees higher temperature. And that is in
particular when the aircraft has less air flow through it as it hovers in the air and has those capabilities
for certain versions of that jet. So even with it's reduced duty cycle compared to a commercial, given it's
still fairly new in the market, the spares parts of the business has been, I'll say, fairly limited, albeit it's
still there. When I think about F-35, we were -- the critical turbine blades in it were all critical, yes, but
the ones which are the most exacting to manufacture, which are the ones which have, I'm going to say,
the extraordinary levels of coring to achieve the multi sort of level of chambers that they have within them
too and then how the air comes out of the trailing edge, then the more difficult ones were really tough
for us to make. And so we were under pressure all the way through 2019 to produce more blades and I
recognize that it is possible, we were -- I don't think we were the limiting factor on the engine, but we
were close to it and sought to increase that capacity with additional dies and improved yields as we went
through the year. We believe that the combination of that plus the additional capacity that we brought
online and pertain to our Whitehall engine facility has been helpful to that situation, and we've seen signs
of improvement. But we're also clear at the moment, we could sell everything that we could make, given
the, I'll say, unfulfilled with the basic demand that we have. So we're trying to build to a higher rate,
a rate build for 2020, which is higher than the rate build in 2019. And then we're trying to prepare for
additional rate increases also in 2021 and 2022. So the -- I mean the alleviation of capacity from, let's
say, the commercial side has been helpful to it. But that wasn't the singular issue in terms of us meeting
the rate increases relative to tooling as well. So right now, the way I think about it is that we found them
a way of improving rates. We do know that there is a large spares demand that's there for us to fulfill as
well on top of the increase in builds that's there. And so I look at it as a very positive thing for us in going
through into '21 and '22 and beyond because then, we have additional rate increases to provide for plus
the fact that the spares packages that are required to be fulfilled is going to be, also, a good thing in the
future for Howmet.

Thank you very much. I think that was the last question. So if we could close the call, please.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference call. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

