Howmet Aerospace Inc. NYSE:HWM
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, November 09, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

Revenue  (mm)

1135.44

1134.00

(0.13 %)

1195.28

5198.94

5444.21

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-09-2020 2:32 PM GMT

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

Kenneth J. Giacobbe
Executive VP & CFO

Paul Thomas Luther
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Tolga I. Oal
Co-CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Carter Copeland
Melius Research LLC

David Egon Strauss
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Gautam J. Khanna
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

George D. Shapiro
Shapiro Research

Joshua Ward Sullivan
The Benchmark Company, LLC,
Research Division

Paretosh Misra
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG,
Research Division

Robert Michael Spingarn
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Seth Michael Seifman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Howmet Aerospace Third Quarter 2020 results.
My name is Sia, and I will be your operator for today. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded
for replay purposes.

I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Paul Luther, Vice President of Investor
Relations. Please proceed.

Paul Thomas Luther
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Sia. Good morning, and welcome to the Howmet Aerospace Third Quarter 2020 Results
Conference Call. I'm joined by John Plant, Executive Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer; Tolga Oal,
Co-Chief Executive Officer; and Ken Giacobbe, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

After comments by John, Tolga and Ken, we will have a question-and-answer session. I would like to
remind you that today's discussions will contain forward-looking statements relating to future events
and expectations. You can find factors that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially
from these projections listed in today's presentation and earnings press release in our most recent SEC
filings. In addition, we've included some non-GAAP financial measures in our discussion. Reconciliations
to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in today's press release and in the
appendix in today's presentation.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to John.

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

Thanks, PT, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to this morning's call. I plan to give an overview
of Howmet's third quarter performance, ask Tolga to speak to segment information, and then Ken will
provide further financial detail. Lastly, I will return to talk to the outlook for the fourth quarter and 2020
financial year.

Please move to Slide #4. The third quarter performance was good and in line with expectations, including
strong cash generation. Revenue in the quarter was $1.1 billion, down 37% year-over-year and was
impacted by commercial aerospace being down 56%, driven by customer inventory corrections. We
continue to expect that this is the low point for Howmet revenues while anticipating that there could be
some lingering inventory corrections that could carry over into the fourth quarter and possibly the first half
2021.

Commercial transportation was down year-over-year, but we had healthy sequential growth of 42%, which
favorably impacts the Forged Wheels and commercial transportation fastening segment. Moreover, we
had growth in defense aerospace and in the industrial gas turbine business year-over-year. The mix of our
portfolio has changed with approximately 40% of Q3 revenue being tied to commercial aerospace.

Operating income excluding special items was $100 million and this includes the buyout of an unfavorable
long-term contract, which cost $8 million. This hopefully should be the last of the cleanup items over the
last year. Segment decremental margins, including the contract termination, were 37% year-over-year. I
had indicated it on the Q2 call that the third quarter was likely to be more decremented than the second
quarter and reflects that we chose not to take out costs for one quarter and risk not having the people
assets in place with what we expect to be an uptick in future demand.

For example, early in the third quarter, we completed all of the people reductions in our wheels segment
and have since pulled people back from furlough and have begun recruitment in certain countries as we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2020

bring production assets back online, both for our forgings and machining lines. Structural cost reductions
will continue within each of the aerospace segments to the end of 2020 and in the first quarter in Europe.

Third quarter reflects further structural cost takeout of $56 million, making year-to-date cost takeout of
$137 million, which is ahead of target. This structural cost takeout is in addition to the flexing of variable
costs, which we expect by the end of first quarter 2021 should be at a perfect flex. Further to this, price
increases of $14 million were achieved in the third quarter compared to $9 million in the second quarter.
Year-to-date price increases are $28 million.

I am pleased that all of the 2020 long-term contract negotiations are now completed, and price
negotiations are well underway for the 2021 long-term agreements.

Now let's move to the balance sheet and cash flow. Adjusted free cash flow in the third quarter was very
good at $188 million, before further reductions in the accounts receivable securitization program. And cash
flow was $143 million after the reduction in the AR program. The $45 million of the accounts receivable --
sorry, the accounts resecuritization reduction was effectively repayment of debt. Cash severance payments
in the quarter were $14 million.

The third quarter cash balance increased to $1.4 billion after the $51 million of common stock share
repurchases, which were at an average price of $17.36. Our peak operational cash requirements are
approximately $300 million, which results in excess cash in hand of well over $1 billion.

Net debt-to-EBITDA is approximately 3.2x and our revolver of $1 billion continues to be undrawn.

All plants are running -- so, now let's move to Slide 5. All plants are running with employee and partner
safety being a top priority. We're actively monitoring employee health risk, and all programs meet or
exceed local standards. To best serve our customers, we're effectively managing daily adjustments for
customer inventory corrections and shutdowns.

Regarding cost-outs, most of the North American permanent personnel reductions have been completed
and are ahead of target. Therefore, we will be raising our 2020 permanent cost outlook. We're also
continuing to flex variable spend and labor effectively with revenue. Our strict and disciplined capital
expenditure process has been effective and we will once again be reducing our annual capital expenditure
outlook.

Lastly, we're focused on working capital but expect it to be use of cash in 2020 as we have reduced our AR
securitization program by approximately $95 million year-to-date. Moreover, we have stranded inventory
which we expect to be a source of cash in 2021.

Now let me turn it over to Tolga.

Tolga I. Oal
Co-CEO & Director

Thank you, John. Please move to Slide 6. We summarized on Slide 6 the status of our segments.
Aerospace segments continue with revenue adjustments that follow slightly different trends. Let me start
with engine products. Although strong defense aerospace and industrial gas turbine growth continued
in third quarter, commercial aerospace had expected customer inventory corrections and seasonal
shutdowns. We continue to expect that third quarter will be the lowest revenue quarter of 2020, and we
are ahead of our permanent cost reduction plans. Additionally, we are flexing variable labor and indirect
costs with revenue.

Regarding our long-term agreements, 2020 negotiations are now complete, and we are actively working
on 2021 contracts. Our philosophy on price has not changed. The Engine products segment's biggest
challenge continues to be managing the strength in inventory, which had a modest reduction quarter-over-
quarter.

Moving to Fastening Systems. The Fastening Systems segment follows a lagging, reducing revenue
trends, mainly due to the timing of commercial aerospace distribution business. The decline in commercial
aerospace is partially offset by growth in fasteners industrial business. Regarding permanent cost

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2020

reduction, fasteners has the largest number of European locations within our business, which impacts the
timing of cost reduction actions, but follows directionally the revenue reduction threat. We are bridging
this timing with heavy furloughs and effective variable cost flexing. Maintaining our critical talent and skill
sets is our priority during this period.

The Engineered Structures segment has long lead time orders, requiring close discussions with our
customers to level out their demands for an efficient operating model for the next 6 to 9 months.
Permanent cost reduction actions are ahead of plan. Long-term agreement pricing negotiations are
complete for 2020, including weeding out unprofitable products.

In the Forged Wheels segment, third quarter 2020 revenue started recovering from second quarter 2020.
As John mentioned, third quarter sequential revenue was up 42%, as tough U.S. shipping ports are near
or above record levels of volume, which drives trucking demand. We expect continued growth in the fourth
quarter and have called employees back from furloughs and restarted operations. We have compressed
permanent costs and have been effective in flexing production to meet customer demand.

Lastly, we renewed one of our largest customers' long-term agreements, while increasing share with our
innovative, lightweight, 39 pounds wheel.

I will now hand it over to Ken to give more details on the financials.

Kenneth J. Giacobbe
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Tolga. Now let's move to Slide 7. So before moving into the revenue and segment profitability,
I wanted to note that the third quarter revenue and profit was in line with expectations and better than
the implied outlook that we provided on the second quarter earnings call. The improved performance will
be reflected in the updated outlook for the remainder of the year.

Now to the third quarter. Total revenue was down 37% year-over-year, driven by commercial aerospace,
which now represents approximately 40% of total revenue in the quarter. Moving to the right-hand side of
the slide, commercial aerospace was down 56% year-over-year. Consistent with our previous outlook, we
expect the third quarter to be the lowest revenue quarter of the year as customers adjust inventory levels.
Regarding the remaining 60% of the portfolio, I would point out that our second largest market, defense
aerospace, continues to show year-over-year growth and was up 15% in the quarter driven by strong
demand for the Joint Strike Fighter on both new engine builds and engine spares. Our next largest market,
commercial transportation, which impacts both the Forged Wheels and the Fastening Systems segment,
was down 31% year-over-year. However, as Tolga has mentioned, we are seeing favorable trends for
increased demand, and this market improved 42% sequentially.

Lastly, the industrial and other markets, which is comprised of industrial gas turbines, oil and gas and
general industrial, was down 4%. I would point out that IGT, which makes up approximately 40% of this
market, continues to be strong and was up 23%.

Now let's move to Slide 8. On this slide, we are providing historical information for the combined segments
with an estimated operational view of corporate. Compared to the prior year, third quarter revenue
declined approximately $660 million, with a corresponding segment operating profit decline of $246
million. Despite the 37% year-over-year revenue decline, we've remained profitable and generated strong
adjusted free cash flow in the quarter. Included in the third quarter results are continued price increases of
$14 million and continued permanent cost reductions of $56 million for a combined benefit of $70 million
in the quarter. On a year-to-date basis, price increases were $28 million and cost reductions were $137
million for our combined benefit of $165 million.

One last comment on cost reductions. Of the $137 million realized year-to-date, this includes carryover
benefits from our 2019 cost reduction program. This program generated $54 million of benefit year-to-
date for 2020 and finished ahead of target. The program is now substantially complete. In the appendix,
we have provided additional information, including historical financials for each of the segments.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2020

Now let's move to Slide 9 to go into more detail on the segments. Engine Products year-over-year
revenue was down 43% in the quarter. In this segment, commercial aerospace was down 65%, driven
by COVID-19, 737 MAX production declines and customer inventory corrections. Commercial aerospace
was somewhat offset by an 18% year-over-year increase in defense aerospace and a 23% increase in IGT.
Third quarter results were impacted by an $8 million charge to exit an unprofitable long-term contract.
Cost reductions and price increases continued in the segment, and the team continued to flex variable
spending to mitigate the impact in the quarter of the significant decline in commercial aerospace revenue.

Now let's move to the Fastening Systems segment on Slide 10. Also, as expected, we experienced the
steeper revenue decline in fasteners as the third quarter year-over-year revenue was down 31%, driven
by commercial aerospace and commercial transportation, both being down over 35%. Continued cost
reductions, combined with third quarter price increases, helped to mitigate the decrease in revenue.
However, a weaker product mix with less commercial aerospace and the expected delay in European cost
reductions unfavorably impacted results. In the near term, we're furloughing employees to offset the delay
in European cost reductions.

Now let's move to Slide 11 to review Engineered Structures. For the Engineered Structures segment, third
quarter revenue was down 35%. Commercial aerospace was down 54%, driven by COVID-19, production
declines on both the 787 and 737 MAX as well as customer inventory corrections. Commercial aerospace
was somewhat offset by a 26% year-over-year increase in defense aerospace. Cost reductions and price
increases helped mitigate the decrease in revenue, but structures experienced a weaker product mix with
less commercial aerospace.

Lastly, let's move to Slide 12 for Forged Wheels. In the third quarter, revenue for the Forged Wheels
segment was down 29% year-over-year, but increased 52% sequentially as expected. Employees are
returning from furloughs and we continue to quickly flex staffing at variable cost to meet changing market
demand. Despite revenue being down 29%, the impact of cost reductions resulted in a healthy EBITDA
margin for the quarter of 26%.

Now let's move to Slide 13 for special items. Special items for the quarter was a net benefit of
approximately $23 million after-tax and included 2 items: first, a $36 million after-tax benefit related to a
U.S. tax law change; second, a $12 million after-tax charge related to severance programs. The severance
programs are tied to the permanent cost reduction actions.

Now let's move to Slide 14. We continue to focus on improving our capital structure and liquidity. All
debt is unsecured, and our next significant maturity is in 2024. Our cash position remained strong and
increased to $1.4 billion in the quarter and is expected to increase again in the fourth quarter. As we look
into next year, we will use cash on hand to pay down the 2021 outstanding notes in the first quarter of
2021.

A couple of additional items of note. First, our $1 billion 5-year revolving credit facility remains undrawn.
Second, we have reduced our AR securitization program. Prior to the separation earlier this year, we
historically sold $350 million worth of AR each quarter. Beginning in the first quarter of this year, the
amount of AR sold through the securitization program was decreased each quarter, approximately $20
million decrease in the first quarter, a $30 million decrease in the second quarter and a $45 million
increase in the third quarter. The total decrease has been approximately $95 million year-to-date from
$350 million of AR sold at the end of 2019 to approximately $255 million of AR sold at the end of the third
quarter. The $95 million reduction in AR sold is effectively a repayment of debt and unfavorably impacts
year-to-date adjusted free cash flow.

Before turning it back to John to cover the 2020 outlook, let me review some assumptions on Slide 15.
Depreciation and amortization is expected to improve to approximately $270 million for the year. The
annual operational tax rate is also expected to improve and be in the range of 27% to 29% for the full
year. Regarding CapEx, we are once again reducing our annual CapEx spend outlook to approximately
$160 million for the year, which is a historical low at 3% of revenue.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2020

Lastly, as a result of the common stock share repurchases in the third quarter, we are lowering the
expected fourth quarter diluted share count to approximately 437 million shares and the full year average
diluted share count to approximately 439 million shares.

Now let me turn it back over to John.

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

Thanks, Ken. Now let me discuss the outlook for the remainder of 2020. We are improving the outlook
and narrowing the ranges. The improvement strengthens the sales, increases EBITDA, increases EBITDA
margins, and lifts the earnings per share compared to the prior outlook. Revenues in the fourth quarter
are expected to be $1.23 billion, plus or minus $30 million, and price increases are expected to continue.
EBITDA in the fourth quarter is expected to be approximately $255 million, plus or minus $15 million, and
we are once again increasing our annual permanent cost out target to $185 million from $150 million.
These are savings realized in the year.

Our fourth quarter EBITDA margin is now increased to 20% to 21% from the prior midpoint of 20%. I
think this may be the most significant item of our call this morning beyond the good cash generation.
Annual earnings per share improves to a range of $0.68 to $0.76. Cash generation in the quarters from
separation, Q2 to Q4, is strong and unchanged at $450 million, plus or minus $50 million, despite the
third quarter incremental reduction in AR securitization of $45 million. Year-end cash is expected to
increase once again to approximately $1.5 billion. The year-end cash balance includes $95 million of
annual reduction in AR securitization and $51 million of common stock repurchases at the average price
of $17.36. Approximately $300 million of share purchase authority remains under prior announced Board
authorization.

Fourth quarter net debt of approximately $3.6 billion, which is an improvement post separation, which was
started out at $3.8 billion. As we move into 2021, we plan to use cash on hand to repay the outstanding
2021 bond maturities. During these uncertain times, we focused on the areas which we control, including
price, variable cost flexing, structural cost reductions, CapEx reductions and free cash flow, while being
prudent with our cash to opportunistically repay down debt and repurchase shares. Moreover, our diverse
portfolio with less than 50% of revenue tied to commercial aerospace, is delivering strong results while we
wait for commercial aerospace to recover.
Now let's move to Slide 17. To summarize, our third quarter was delivered in line or better than the
implied outlook. Cost and price leverage has been deployed. We have healthy and improving liquidity with
positive cash flows in this COVID environment. The fourth quarter outlook improved regarding revenues,
margins and profitability with earnings per share guidance raised. Now let me turn it over to take your
questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Seth Seifman with JPMorgan.

Seth Michael Seifman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

John, I'll have one question about this news we saw recently about Pratt & Whitney planning to start
building airfoils in North Carolina. And basically, how you view that, what it might reflect about customer
behavior, and what implications it might have for Howmet and for your own strategy.

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

First of all, we've not discussed this with Pratt, but when you reflect on the situation in the industry, we
work with companies already that have their own casting capabilities. So for example, GE, Rolls-Royce,
Safran, all have casting foundries, and so that in itself is nothing new to us. And when we look at Pratt &
Whitney, in fact, they had their own casting capability until they exited in 2016. So we have a pattern and
a history of working with our customers in this environment. So it's -- I would say it's nothing new for us.
We do feel confident in our position as innovation and technology leader, especially in the hot section of
the engine. And indeed, we produce some very specialized blades which are quite extraordinary in their
capabilities for the JSF, which is a Pratt & Whitney engine.

If I comment a little bit further so that you can understand some of the, I'll say, depths of our capabilities.
We do go to the extent of building our own furnaces. We have proprietary core preparation, waxing and
casting processes and measuring and controlling the temperature gradient starting off with an average of
300 degrees Fahrenheit higher than the casting temperatures, or maximum casting temperatures of our
competitors. So one of the things we do is by keeping all of that production equipment in-house and really
not really speaking about how and why we do it in any technical detail enables us to keep, I think, the
technology edge and that in particular, that scale that we have with it and the know-how capability. And I
think, as you know, we've been in this business now between 50 or 60 years.

So I think you know we have all 3 levels of casting capabilities and all of the subprocesses. To replicate
that which Howmet has would probably take in the region of towards $10 billion of capital, plus or minus.
So I always absolutely respect everything that our customers do. And probably more importantly, we
have a competitive environment already with other competitors. And currently, we are a market leader
by probably 1.5x, but I think it comes down to those very unique capabilities that we have and the
experience of working very collaboratively with our customers to do the most extraordinary applications,
where they already have in-house capabilities. And so this would mark the Pratt & Whitney returning to
being having in-house capability alongside GE Aviation, Rolls-Royce and Safran too. Hopefully, I covered it
out for you, Seth.

Operator

The next question will come from Robert Spingarn with Crédit Suisse.

Robert Michael Spingarn
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

John, two things. First, a clarification on what you just said and then a question. Just specifically on Pratt,
how protected is that position with contracts and LTAs, if you think about your overall revenue there?
And then just given your visibility on commercial aero, which I don't know if it's any better than anybody
else's, but you seem to have the confidence, one to guide up today, to buy back stock. Can you talk about
trends from here on that 56% decline in Q3 in commercial aero revenue, how you're thinking about that
percentage number as we go forward the next few quarters?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2020

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

Okay. I don't think there's much to add to the Pratt & Whitney conversation. We do have a long-term
agreement covering many years in place. So I think that's the good in all of this. So unless there's
anything else, I'll move on to how we see the balance of year and into 2021 for us.

We did call out the third quarter in our previous earnings call in early August, that we felt that it would be
below. We felt that it would be the most severely impacted by inventory reductions of our customers. And
as you know, we operate both the first-tier place directly with Boeing and Airbus and also a second-tier
place in terms of some of the engine parts that we supply to the engine manufacturers. And so you get
an increased inventory effect as you go through another tier in the supply chain. And that's what we felt
back in August and tried to indicate before also calling out back then that we felt as though the majority
of the severity of the inventory reduction, we would try to accommodate and work with our customers to
accommodate it sooner rather than later nor have it dragged out in a long tail.

Now we are clear that we're not completely through this. It's going to continue and have an impact into
the fourth quarter and in some areas into the early part of 2021. And that's taking their accounts of the
planned increase in Airbus narrow-body sales. We're not taking that into account at this point. But we do
feel that our revenues will improve in the fourth quarter. And that gives us the platform that we always
sought to really get 2021 framed as best as we could.

Maybe if I could amplify that point. We set out back in the depths of the, let's call it the fog of war back in
the second quarter, where we didn't know very much that our target was to move quickly and to address
the problems that we saw coming from the commercial aerospace market and target that we would
ambitiously try to achieve the exit rate EBITDA margin in that 30% area. We indicated that and clearly feel
confident enough now that we increased the midpoint of that fourth quarter guidance a little bit and feel
solid around it. And that was really to try to give the best view we could as the exit rate, which obviously
helps when we view 2021 profitability. Albeit today, we're not guiding at all either for revenues or margins
for 2021, that really is a fourth quarter call at the end of January or early February.

So we are confident that the third quarter is -- was our low. We do see revenues in the fourth quarter
increasing, and increasing not just in commercial transportation, which is self-evident, but also in
commercial aerospace for us as part of it is the -- just the natural rebound from the inventory takeout in
Q4.

I mean where we go from here and the so many things that we need to think about for 2021 and you look
out a year from now, and clearly, we'll know a lot more 3 months from now, whether it's this morning's
vaccine news or whether it's our narrow-bodies are strong as we see and as MAX been completely
recertified around the world, and what's the build rate and build rate going into 2022, and what's the
inventory build to accommodate all of that. So there are so many factors, but I'd say maybe I've spoken
too long now, but it really is confidence that the third quarter is the low, and we are going to see that
defense spend continue and IGT strength into the fourth quarter just rebound in commercial aerospace
sales and commercial transportation currently with the wind behind its back in terms of volumes from our
customers for commercial trucking and trade manufacturer.

Robert Michael Spingarn
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Do you see commercial aero trending up sequentially quarter-by-quarter from here, at least from the
down 56% in Q3?

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

I'm not going to go beyond the fourth quarter at this point because I don't feel as though -- I know
enough to really give clarity publicly about the quarter sequential production through next year. I'd say
I think we need a little bit more knowledge. I'm hoping that the production of Boeing begins to increase
next year for the narrow-body, not expecting anything from wide-body. And we await confirmation of the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2020

Airbus situation in terms of solidification of that in production schedules, which Airbus did announce their
increase of almost 20% in narrow-body production in the halfway through next year. So I feel good that
we see an improvement in the fourth quarter, mapping out 2021 and what happens each quarter, it's just
a bridge too far for us at this point.

Operator

The next question will come from David Strauss with Barclays.

David Egon Strauss
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

John or Ken, I wanted to go back on your comments on working capital. I think prior, you've been calling
for working capital to be a tailwind this year, but it sounded like now you're talking about maybe it being a
headwind for the full year, but then some inventory release in '21. So if you could clarify that. And then I
guess, any sort of early indication or early look in terms of how you're thinking about pension next year.

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

Okay. So maybe if I start at the top level to say why we see working capital recorded out differently to be
a use this year, and now I'm going to hand across to Tolga to talk a little bit about trapped inventory, what
we have this year and into next year. So let's do in that sequence. And I cover the 2 points, which is why
the use this year and then the pension side, pass across to Tolga.

So the use essentially is that AR securitization paid out. It goes through -- it affects working capital, and it
goes through that line on the cash flow statement. If you exempted the AR $95 million, then there would
be a working capital inflow for the year. So it's a function of the accounting around the securitization.

One thing, David, that I've always felt a little bit comfortable about is we were -- we had this off-balance
sheet financing, which was a carryover from Alcoa, the 2016 separation, a carryover from the Arconic
separation, carried that securitization into [indiscernible] as RemainCo and wanted to gradually work that
down, which is effectively just working down on our net debt of the company. And we feel that's a good
thing to do. It also improves the interest-carrying cost of the company. So that's the principal reason
around it. And if you were to do that, you'll see our AR improving, our AP under good control and our
inventories being reduced. So the normal definition of working capital would be in good shape. And it's
just a function of this AR securitization paydown, which goes to the working capital line.

I'll comment on pension and pass across to Tolga. So pension, at the moment, we do see that the --
the thought, basically, is that 2021 will be lower than 2020 in terms of pension contributions, and we'll
give you a more exact number on that at the time we announce our fourth quarter results, say, early
Feb. Tolga, if I could ask you to comment on trapped inventory, both through our Engine and Fastener
segment, and also the move into 2021?

Tolga I. Oal
Co-CEO & Director

Sure, John. It's important to highlight that we are reducing our inventory and supporting the cash
generation. However, if you look at the scale of the reductions in the stranded inventory in hand, the days
on-hand translation is naturally under pressure. So the 2 segments that have the highest pressure on the
stranded inventory are engines and structures businesses.

So I mentioned that we are working very closely with our customers to level load the demand into
production levels, especially on the structure side, especially on the long lead time orders. And therefore,
we projected this stranded inventory will continue into 2021, and we should be balancing our days on
hand within 2021. We are managing also the stranded inventory on the engine side, and we have some
more adjustments that we are working with our customers, but we expect that impact to be much smaller.
And we got minimal impacts for the segments like fasteners on the stranded inventory side that we are
actively managing today.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2020

Operator

The next question is from Gautam Khanna with Cowen.

Gautam J. Khanna
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

If you wouldn't mind opining on kind of the pricing opportunity in '21, '22 and '23. At the Investor Day,
you gave kind of a longer-term outlook, and I wonder how that's changed maybe relative to 2020's actual
price realization? If you can give us any flavor for that, that would be helpful.

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

Well, first of all, let me comment on 2020. It's now complete. You saw the third quarter as compared to
the second quarter. And the solidification and completion of those agreements for 2020 are done.

Regarding 2021, the several LTAs involved as always, as you know, they're different customers, different
years, different products as they all are separate. The dialogue, as you know, covers price share of new
technology programs and also terms conditions. I'm pleased with, actually, the progress so far on 2021.
There are a couple of major ones within 2021. And basically, I'm going to say to you that everything
that we are seeing is going to be consistent with what I've said before, that 2021 will be on the same
volume basis, a bigger year for us than 2020. This, of course, plays well into -- as we go into 2022 and
2023 when, hopefully, commercial aerospace volumes begin to show increases and hopefully, significant
increases, and so those increases -- price increases to get applied to the higher volume sales.

If I look at the current status for 2021, we are currently about 60% complete. So we're probably a little
bit earlier than normal in indicating this item through. I expect they'll continue to fill in over the next few
months. But the important thing is 60% of all 2021 is now complete and signed. And the 2023 -- 2022,
the -- I don't believe that will be as big a year as 2021. But, we -- there's not much color I'm able to give
you yet on '22 and '23 apart from we ourselves just [ ultimately ] in the positive side.

Operator

The next question will come from Carter Copeland with Melius Research.

Carter Copeland
Melius Research LLC

John, I wondered if you could maybe just clarify the share comment you made earlier, the 1.5x. Does that
imply a 60-40 split? And if that's not right, if you could correct that for me.

And then I just wondered if you might kind of give us a sense of a hot section versus cold section. You
went to great length talking about the capabilities on the hot section airfoils, and I just wondered if you
could, around that, share disclosure, give us a sense where in the engine that might be higher or lower
than the aggregate?

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

Okay. When we exited 2019, our share was at the airfoil market was around about 49%, plus or minus,
0.5% or so to 1%. Our next largest competitor was, I think around 32%, 33%. So just about 50% greater
than our next largest competitor. So on an RMS basis, that's a market share basis, 1.5x. If you break it
down, then our market shares would be higher at the first few blades in the turbine. So we'd be at the
hot or super hot end of the turbine, where our market shares would be, let's say, for the purpose of this
call, in excess of 60% in that area and more. And depending upon the application, it could be as much as
100%. So that gives you some idea of the market share, relative market share and topology within the
engine.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2020

The next question is from George Shapiro with Shapiro Research.

George D. Shapiro
Shapiro Research

I was wondering in your raise for the year, was that mostly due to how much wheels has recovered and
aerospace was comparable to what you saw last quarter? Or if you could provide some color on that.

And then also, the incremental margin on a sequential basis in wheels was like 49%. I mean, what's kind
of a sustainable incremental margin for that business?

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

Okay. First of all, clearly, wheels is a benefit to us as we move Q3 into Q4. That is not the -- that is not
the sole reason for the improvement in the EBITDA margin guide. We're also seeing a benefit in, say,
our commercial aerospace business. So it's really in all aspects of the business. There's nothing which
is currently lagging in our plans or -- of any of the implementation of the cost flexing nor structural cost
takeout. So it's across the board, George.

But clearly, within that, when I look out then the strength of the wheels business is coming through and
I'm hopeful that our EBITDA as we go -- as we start up in 2021, we'll be getting closer, or if not as good
as the 2019 margin rate, even though we will not see revenues in 2021 as good as 2019. In the last
earnings call, I did state that we saw revenues in that business getting back to the 2019 levels in 2022.
But I think we are looking forward to margins getting there, back to the year earlier than given structural
cost takeouts and cost flexing, and basically improve in the cost base that we have.

Operator

The next question comes from Josh Sullivan with Benchmark Company.

Joshua Ward Sullivan
The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division

Just a question on fasteners. So you mentioned some weeding out of unprofitable products. How much
volume did that include? Have you outright exited any aerospace products and particularly, just give us
some color there would be great.

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

First of all, the -- maybe I'll back up and give Tolga a bit of thinking time on to as on the fastener side.
We're -- but the exit of the -- what we talked about, the unprofitable contract, we haven't called out a
segment, but if you're interested, it wasn't fasteners. We're in, I think, largely good shape. There's always
things you can do to try to look at certain things, which are below performance, but basically, this was
the exit of something which was loss-making and needed to be dealt with to -- I didn't want to carry that
problem going forward.

But maybe as a broader comment on fasteners, Tolga, if you'd like to say where we see basically, apart
from 1 or 2 areas being fairly good shape?

Tolga I. Oal
Co-CEO & Director

Yes. I just would like to clarify it. My comment about the bidding out was on the structure side, a few
contracts, as we are renegotiating our pricing. And in general, it has been very positive for structures and
certain part numbers that were historically not good. So we continued -- we chose the option not to renew
those funds. It's in the big picture, not significant for us and beneficial for the business. And specifically
talking about the fasteners, our contract negotiations are going very positive and the renewable saving
very good. And we do not really have any specific action to specifically look into big numbers of contracts

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2020

that are giving us margin issues. But again, overall, it has been a very positive contract renewable for all
of our segments, including structures, fasteners and engines.

Kenneth J. Giacobbe
Executive VP & CFO

Does that cover that, Josh?

Joshua Ward Sullivan
The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division

Yes.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And the next question will come from Paretosh Misra with Berenberg.

Paretosh Misra
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

I actually had a question for Tolga, if I may. Tolga, you've been with the firm now a bit longer. So just
curious, any initial impression as to what you've seen and what are some of the opportunities for the firm
that you see ahead anything that surprised you? Obviously, very unusual times to start a new role, but
would appreciate any thoughts that you could share with us.

Tolga I. Oal
Co-CEO & Director

Sure. I think I would like to start with the comment, the continuation of leadership at Howmet Aerospace
is key for its success. So I have been immersed and involved deeply in our businesses since my
announcement at the Investor Day, just with the separation, of course, and then the COVID-19 crisis. I
have been leading the cost containment, cash preservation activities, driving key supplier and customer
negotiations. And most importantly, I would like to emphasize that I have been strengthening the
fundamentals of the operating playbook that John has introduced to Howmet last year. And John and I
have been working on this operating playbook for a long time.

And we have a plan with John that we're rolling out step by step, and we are definitely seeing now the
results and the benefits of having guard disciplined training playbook in place that we continue rolling. If
we are -- and we'll continue also as our regular process go into next year as well. Does that answer the
question?

Paretosh Misra
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

Yes. I appreciate that.

Operator

The next question is a follow-up question from George Shapiro with Shapiro Research.

George D. Shapiro
Shapiro Research

John, I just wanted to pursue a little bit more in my question. So is aerospace better in the fourth quarter
than you thought it was going to be in the third quarter? And if so, in what way?

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

I suspect the benefit -- I mean, slightly better volumes than we'd anticipated. So we saw the revenue
increase, and it's not just real. So it's a little bit better there, but that could also be down to conservative
assumptions that we tend to roll with. I think the cost takeout, you've seen both on the structural side of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2020

our cost take out, and you've seen that improve and be better. And then probably even more important
to pit a bigger number than the structural cost takes is our variable cost takeouts, which we've never
called out the absolute dollars because I think the relevance of that is the percentage and are you getting
close to what we call the perfect flex. And we see ourselves flexing that cost base a little bit better, well,
across all the areas, but in particular where the volume problem has been is in the commercial aerospace
business, that flexing the cost base has been at a higher order than we'd, again, plan for, again, partly
because we tend to plan conservatively and then see if we can exceed it.

So that's where it's at. I'm not saying that there's any increase in aircraft build or anything like that.
That's not the case. But it could be in the fourth quarter, more of the assumptions that we've made. But
at this point, we feel confident about the revenue lift that we've talked about, the cost takeout, and the
therefore, the improvement in the EBITDA margins that we've called out because, for us, that's all about
the platform we enter 2021 with.

Operator

The next question is a follow-up from Gautam Khanna with Cowen.

Gautam J. Khanna
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

John, I was wondering if you could maybe frame for us or level set us on why the company is able to get
pricing in what looks like a particularly stressed time for your customers? And is it a -- is it sort of a rolling
onetime mark-to-market on some of the contracts that Howmet inherited from the legacy companies,
maybe that were off commercial terms relative to your competitors, and therefore, you're just going to
reset the market, maybe FX energy pass-throughs on metal, things like that weren't -- you were taking
too much risk on the legacy contracts relative to your competitors? Or is it in fact, the customers wanting
recognizing the value you guys provide and just you're seeing price inflation in the end market? Because,
again, I'm just trying to square with what you guys said before your time as CEO, Arconic used to talk
about price deflation as a reality in aerospace and used to have loading bar charts and showed it on your
slides. And now we're talking about the opposite trend over an extended period in a downturn. So just if
you could help square why that is still true.

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO

Yes. I mean, I'm not able to comment on predecessor management's stance towards it. I originate
from an industry, which is called the -- in automotive, which is probably more used to price deflation
and the attempted commoditization of the input products for vehicle assembly. And -- but even there,
when I always looked at it very closely, getting immersed in the technical capabilities and performance
differentiation of the products. So even there, for example, I don't believe a steering wheel on a vehicle is
-- that all steering wheels are equal. They're very different in terms of capabilities, cosmetics and quality
delivered. So it really is trying to really understand the performance differentiation of the product.

I'd like to believe that Howmet provides that not only in product quality, technology but also in delivery
performance and consistency with our customers. And I always try to work collaboratively with our
customers to maximize the value for both of us and so inherently, I've not thought of the aerospace parts
market in quite the same way as the vehicle part market. I don't believe inherently that it is consistently
price deflationary or anything like that. I think there is product capabilities of most of the parts that are
produced in aerospace are technological wonders in our own rights and achieve a level of safety and
performance for the traveling public, which is quite extraordinary. And so my hat's off to everybody in the
industry at the second-tier level, the first tier level and obviously, the plain manufacturer themselves.

But within that, I do think -- I don't believe this is just any correction of the past. If there's a correction,
it's this -- we have cleaned out 1 or 2 contracts, which were, let's say, inappropriately taken. That's --
and I tried to just indicate that on the earlier comments on the call, but I think we're now beyond that in
dealing with such things. And that's why I called out the $8 million in the quarter in the normal operating,
we put in the normal operating result in that as a special item. And then I just think it's the consistent

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2020

application of those technical characteristics. So we're never resting. If you look at the -- some of the
developments that we're making within our portfolio in terms of parts for radar or parts for engines, we're
trying to advance them all the time. And I did try to call out the descriptors of those things, which we truly
try to protect and even to the extent of not buying a lot of the machine tools outside, so that knowledge
can't lead out into the wider marketplace. And so when you go to that level of effort of making your own
equipment because it gives you that, I'll say, capabilities, which we think is extraordinary, I think that does
give you the ability to look at price and also the, I'll say, the value produced at the scale with which we do
it at. And I often think people underestimate scale within such things about the economics of production
and also the methodology which you can create the scale.

So it's a long way of saying, I think the attitude and the stance is different. At the same time, I do
recognize that there are parts that we are able to improve the economics on. And there are parts that
who can see the concede the price to our customer. So it's always a range and a good negotiation. It's
always important that we end in a place of equanimity, and everybody is feeling good. And the shares
are settled, and the prices are settled and then we move on for several years. In the round that we've
just been implementing, we're out a further 5 years on the majority of our parts going forward. So that's,
again, a good condition to be in. I've not commented about the adjustment for any percentage increase
because I think that's not appropriate, neither I commented on share because that's not appropriate, but
apart from we're in the right zone that we thought we'd be in and I think and everybody from ourselves
and our customers were at a place of -- in a good zone.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the allotted time for the Q&A session. Thank you for
participating in today's conference call. You may all disconnect.

John C. Plant
Executive Chairman & Co-CEO
Thank you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HOWMET AEROSPACE INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 09, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

