HP Inc. NYSE:HPQ
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 25, 2021 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.66

0.92

Revenue  (mm)

15003.90

15646.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-25-2021 7:14 AM GMT

39.39

4.28

0.61

2.66

2.99

13735.77

57925.60

58177.77

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.44

0.43

0.52

0.66

0.51

0.49

0.62

0.92

15.91 %

13.95 %

19.23 %

39.39 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HP INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Beth Howe
VP & Head of Investor Relations

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

Marie E. Myers
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

A.M. Sacconaghi
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

David Vogt
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

James Dickey Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Krish Sankar
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HP INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the First Quarter 2021 HP Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name
is Eiley, and I'll be your conference moderator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this
conference is being recorded for replay purposes.

I would now like to turn the call over to Beth Howe, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Beth Howe
VP & Head of Investor Relations

Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to HP's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. With me
today are Enrique Lores, HP's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Marie Myers, HP's Chief Financial
Officer. Before handing the call over to Enrique, let me remind you that this call is being webcast. A replay
of this webcast will be made available on our website shortly after the call for approximately 1 year.

Earlier today, we issued our earnings release, and we have posted the release and the accompanying
slide presentation on our Investor Relations web page at investor.hp.com. As always, elements of this
presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we
see them today. For more detailed information, please see disclaimers in the earnings materials relating
to forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. For a discussion of these
risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to HP's SEC reports, including our most recent Form 10-
K. HP assumes no obligation and does not intend to update any such forward-looking statements.

We also note that the financial information discussed on this call reflects estimates based on information
available now and could differ materially from the amounts ultimately reported in HP's Form 10-Q for the
fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2021, and HP's other SEC filings.

During this webcast, unless otherwise specifically noted, all comparisons are year-over-year comparisons
with the corresponding year-ago period. For financial information that has been expressed on a non-GAAP
basis, we've included reconciliations to the comparable GAAP information. Please refer to the tables and
slide presentation accompanying today's earnings release for those reconciliations.

And now I'll turn it over to Enrique.

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Beth, and thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. I hope you and your families are safe
and well.

HP had an exceptional start to the year with strong revenue and profit growth in Q1. We are benefiting
from the strength of our portfolio and the diversity of our businesses. We continue to evolve our business
model to meet changing customer needs while expanding into adjacencies to grow our addressable
market. And we are driving an aggressive transformation agenda by rigorously managing our costs while
investing to drive future growth. Simply put, we are doing what we said we would do, and our strategy is
working.

Our Q1 results are impressive across many dimensions. We delivered strong top line growth with net
revenue up 7% to $15.6 billion and balanced growth across Personal Systems and Print.

We delivered strong bottom line growth with $295 million in non-GAAP operating profit dollar flow-through
and double-digit profit growth in both Personal Systems and Print. We delivered non-GAAP net earnings of
$1.2 billion, up 24% with $0.92 of non-GAAP diluted net earnings per share. This is up $0.27 compared to
Q1 of last year. And finally, we delivered $908 million of free cash flow in the quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HP INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

We also remain committed to a significant return of capital. We returned $1.6 billion to shareholders,
including $1.4 billion in share repurchases and $250 million in dividends. Over the last 3 quarters, we have
returned $4.4 billion to shareholders and repurchased approximately 13% of our shares.

At the onset of the pandemic, I told our teams that this is a time when strong companies find ways
to emerge stronger, and last quarter results show that's exactly what we are doing. HP's broad and
differentiated portfolio and leadership across consumer and commercial markets make us more resilient
across business cycles. We continue to capitalize on the strong demand for our offering, particularly in
Consumer to drive profitable growth.

Yet, the impact of the pandemic is ongoing and the pace of the economic recovery remains uneven. We
are continuing to manage our business in a disciplined and prudent manner while remaining agile in the
face of change. This means capitalizing on opportunities when they arise while also managing volatility
when it occurs.

As we balance all of these dynamics, we have stayed focused on executing against our strategy to
advance our leadership in Personal Systems and Print by optimizing our core and expanding into attractive
adjacencies. We attract industries with our technology to create new businesses in areas like 3D, industrial
print and microfluidics and transform the way we work to be more digitally enabled and cost efficient.
Our continued progress against these strategic priorities is reflected in the strong revenue and profit
growth, free cash flow and capital returns we delivered in Q1 and in the positive momentum in each of our
businesses.

I will start with Personal Systems, which had another strong quarter with revenue of $10.6 billion. We
shipped more than 18 million units and generated operating margins of 7.1%. Consumer revenue growth
accelerated to 34%, with consumer premium up 34%, gaming up 29% and consumer accessories up 22%.
And on top of this, Chromebook revenue quadrupled.

We exited the quarter with a record backlog as we continue to operate with component supply shortages
that are expected to constrain our growth through at least Q3. It's clear we have entered a new era of
innovation and growth for PCs. They have become an essential part of how people work, learn and play,
and we continue to innovate to create new experiences.

It's funny to say, but the PC is personal once again. And we are seeing this in the awards we are receiving.
At last month's consumer Electronics Show, we introduced new devices and solutions to power hybrid work
environment and personal creative studios. And we were recognized with over 70 awards for our latest
launches, including our new 5G-enabled products. Looking ahead, we expect to see continued PC unit
growth through 2021, which we anticipate will create additional opportunities for us to drive profitable
growth.

We are also accelerating in attractive adjacencies such as gaming and peripherals. As with every market
in which we play, our goal is to be a leader in this space. This week, we announced the acquisition of
HyperX, the market leader in gaming headsets. The addition of HyperX expands our presence in the
growing peripherals market with a brand that is trusted by gamers around the world. Our existing strength
in gaming hardware combined with HyperX' portfolio spanning gaming headsets, microphones and other
peripherals will further expand our ecosystem and create another growth engine in Personal Systems.

Much like Personal Systems, Print is off to a terrific start to the year. This quarter demonstrated the power
of print to help people learn, create and perform, with 7% revenue growth, 16% unit growth and 32%
profit growth.

In Q1, our Printing business generated revenue of $5 billion and operating profit of $1 billion. Similar
to the Personal Systems business, we remain supply constrained, particularly in consumer printer
hardware and supplies. While the COVID-19-related impacts on our manufacturing and supply chain have
diminished, we anticipate these constraints to continue into the third quarter.

HP is outperforming its printing peers and remain uniquely well positioned given our leadership across
both consumer and commercial print. Our strong Consumer business is a clear competitive advantage
as hybrid work and school becomes the norm. We have seen that people who didn't have home printers

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HP INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

went and bought them. And people signed up for Instant Ink in record numbers, accelerating an already
growing part of our business. In Instant Ink we added 1 million new subscribers, surpassing 9 million
enrollees in the first quarter.

Commercial print improved in Q1, with most product categories showing sequential revenue growth. In
Q4, total print market units grew 6%. We continue to expect a gradual recovery in the overall commercial
print market, although the pace might be uneven given the varying pace of economic recovery. And we
expect that the strength in Consumer will gradually subside as more schools and offices reopen.

We continue to execute on our strategy to modernize Print and evolve our Print business model. In Q1,
we rolled out our end-to-end platform strategy called HP+ that combines convenient Instant Ink and HP
Smart App services with innovative hardware. It's early days, but we are already seeing positive adoption.
In the coming quarters, we will be rolling HP+ out more broadly across multiple markets and product
lines.

New value propositions like HP+ are indicative of the opportunities ahead as we continue to innovate to
meet evolving customer needs. This also applies to our contractual businesses such as Managed Print
Services, where we see attractive opportunities to deliver services designed for the hybrid workforce of the
future. One example is our HP Flexworker Service. This service can be added to a company's existing MPS
contract to help remote workers maintain their productivity. This means being able to seamlessly print,
scan and copy securely all while working from home. With leadership in both consumer and commercial
and a strong track record of innovation, HP is positioned to define and lead the future of printing in a post-
pandemic world.

In 3D printing and industrial graphics, we continue to innovate across the portfolio to position ourselves
for future growth. Customers continue to use Multi Jet Fusion for production-grade output, and we are
seeing more than 30% growth in the number of 3D-printed parts across our customer base. We are also
seeing strong early traction in our new molded fiber business that leverages our 3D printing technology to
create an end-to-end service for quick, customized and environmentally sustainable packaging.

In industrial printing, we continue to see growth in digital labels and packaging, with double-digit growth
in impressions and square meters printed. Georgia-Pacific, one of the world's largest packaging and
paper goods providers, is deploying their third Inkjet web press to expand their digital printing business.
This is a great milestone and validation of our technology. We are excited for the disruptive potential in
this sector as our innovative technology opens up entirely new possibilities in personalization and digital
manufacturing.

We are doing all this while continuing to transform the company to unlock value and become a leaner,
more digitally enabled company. Our transformation journey continues to be ahead of plan. We have
significantly reduced structural costs and driven productivity savings. At the same time, we are enabling
enhanced digitization, and we are shifting investments to attractive growth areas where we see
opportunities for us to continue driving innovation and long-term sustainable growth. We are focused on
both reducing structural costs and accelerating investments for the future.

Recently, we announced several new appointments to further strengthen HP's innovation capabilities and
support its long-term growth strategy. Savi Baveja joined as our Chief Strategy and Incubation Officer,
and Tolga Kurtoglu has joined HP as Chief Technology Officer. In these roles, they will drive cutting-edge
research and incubate new business opportunities, working together with the leadership team.

And last week, we named Marie Myers as our Chief Financial Officer. Marie is a veteran of HP, having
held a number of leadership positions at the company, including as our controller and most recently, as
our Chief Transformation Officer. Marie and I have worked together for many years, and she's a truly
outstanding leader. I know you will all enjoy getting to know her better.

Overall, I am very pleased with the way we have started the year. We built on our momentum from the
end of 2020, and our teams are performing at a very high level. And on top of delivering strong results,
we are also staying true to HP's values. Last quarter, HP was recognized by Newsweek as America's
most responsible company for the second straight year. And we appeared on the Barron's list of 100

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HP INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

Most Sustainable Companies for the third straight year. In December, we were named one of the 10 best
managed companies by The Wall Street Journal. These accolades simply mean that we continue to ensure
that making a sustainable impact remains an integrated part of our business strategy.

Let me close by saying Q1 was a strong quarter that increases our confidence about the opportunities
ahead. We have a diverse and resilient business model. We are leading in our core print and personal
systems market while taking the steps necessary to create and scale new businesses for the future.

And our strong cash flow generation provides us flexibility to return significant capital to shareholders
and reinvest in businesses while also exploring disciplined M&A. We believe this is a time when strong
successful companies like HP can get stronger. We are not running our business to achieve incremental
improvements. We are driving a much bolder transformation agenda that will expand our portfolio,
fuel innovation and unlock attractive new sources of long-term growth and value creation. That is our
ambition.

With that, I will turn the call over to Marie, who will take you through the details of the quarter and our
fiscal year outlook. Marie, over to you.

Marie E. Myers
Chief Financial Officer

It's great to be with all of you today, and I wanted to thank Enrique for his trust in me as his finance
partner. I'm excited to take on the CFO role after more than 2 decades at HP. I'm looking forward to
getting to know the investment community as I settle into my new role.

It's clear that HP remains focused on executing each quarter while also positioning the company for the
future. And our results demonstrate this balance of delivering in the near term while investing in growth
and leading through this dynamic environment. Q1 was a very strong quarter, we grew revenue, non-
GAAP operating profit dollars faster than revenue and non-GAAP EPS even faster. We are off to a strong
start for the year. And overall, we are very pleased with our results.

Now let's look at the details of the first quarter. Q1 net revenue was $15.6 billion, up 7%, both nominally
and in constant currency. Regionally, in constant currency, Americas increased 17%, EMEA increased 3%
and APJ decreased 5%. Gross margin was 21.2%, up 1.6 points year-on-year. The increase was driven by
favorable pricing and commodity costs in Personal Systems and favorable pricing in Printing, particularly
in consumer hardware. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $1.8 billion, up $157 million. The increase
in operating expenses was driven by investments to position for future growth and an increase in certain
onetime expenses.

Non-GAAP net OI&E expense was $63 million for the quarter. Non-GAAP diluted net earnings per share
increased 42% to $0.92 with a diluted share count of approximately 1.3 billion shares. Non-GAAP diluted
net earnings per share excludes a net expense totaling $120 million primarily related to restructuring
and other charges, amortization of intangible assets, other tax adjustments and partially offset by
nonoperating retirement-related credits. As a result, Q1 GAAP diluted net earnings per share was $0.83.

Turning to segment performance. In Q1, peripheral systems benefited from strong demand related
to working and learning from home with revenue of $10.6 billion, up 7% year-over-year. Our top line
remained constrained due to industry-wide component shortages. Drilling into the details, we continue to
see differing results by customer segment, with consumer revenue up 34% while commercial revenue was
down 6%. By product category, revenue was up 23% for notebooks, down 18% for desktops and down
36% for workstations.

Strong demand for notebooks drove total unit growth of 15% year-over-year, with Chromebooks
representing 16% of our total Personal Systems units as the need for technology and education continue
to grow. Personal Systems delivered a record $758 million in operating profit and operating margins of
7.1%, much higher than our outlook. The year-over-year increase was primarily due to favorable pricing,
including fewer promotions and favorable commodity cost.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HP INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

In Print, our results reflected very strong execution as we continue to benefit from the strength of our
portfolio as a leader across both consumer and commercial print. Q1 total Print revenue was $5 billion, up
7%. By customer segment, consumer revenue was up 55% with units up 18%, and commercial revenue
was down 11% and flat in units. In total, hardware units were very strong at 11.1 million units, up 16%.

Supplies revenue was $3.1 billion, up 3%. In the first quarter, ongoing consumer demand, combined with
favorable pricing and inventory replenishment, more than offset lower commercial demand. Sequentially,
Supplies revenue was flat.

Print operating profit was very strong at $1 billion, and operating margins were 19.8%. The year-over-
year increase was primarily due to favorable pricing, including fewer promotions.

Let me now turn to our transformation efforts and specifically, our cost savings opportunities. In Q1,
about 700 people exited the company as we continue to be ahead of plan against our 3-year $1.2 billion
gross run rate structural cost reduction plan. During the quarter, we continue to execute real estate site
optimization activities at 6 sites that are aligned with our location and mobility strategies.

In addition, we have achieved additional efficiency improvements in customer service and support as we
continue to shift to digitization and automation.

Finally, we continue to be focused on further digital enablement and driving a lean cost structure as it
provides us the flexibility to reinvest in other areas of our business.

Shifting to cash flow and capital allocation. First quarter cash flow from operations and free cash flow were
solid at $1 billion and $908 million, respectively. In Q1, the cash conversion cycle was minus 30 days.
Sequentially, the cash conversion cycle was flat as growth in inventory, primarily driven by strategic buys
and finished goods, drove increases in days of inventory offset by increases in days payable outstanding.
Days sales outstanding also decreased during the quarter.

For the quarter, we returned a total of $1.6 billion to shareholders, which represented 179% of free cash
flow. This included $1.4 billion in share repurchases and $250 million in cash dividends.

Looking forward, we expect to continue buying back shares at elevated levels of at least $1 billion per
quarter in the coming quarters unless higher-return opportunities emerge.

Looking forward to the second quarter and the rest of fiscal '21, keep the following in mind related to our
overall financial outlook. While we expect year-over-year revenue growth in FY '21 to reflect our continued
progress on our strategy, it is also important to note that growth trends in Q2 and Q3 will also reflect the
easier year-over-year comparisons due to the unusual COVID-related impacts we saw last year. And in the
second half of the year, we expect to see a more normalization of the market environment as more people
return to the office and kids return to school and as the pricing environment normalizes.

Our outlook range is broader than usual given the current market environment. We are modeling multiple
scenarios related to supply availability, pricing dynamics and the pace of economic reopening. Our
comments for Q2 are the following: in Personal Systems, our backlog remains elevated as demand in
consumer and education remains very strong, and we expect industry-wide component constraints to
continue to negatively impact our ability to meet demand, especially for notebooks, which will constrain
top line growth. We expect the cost from the overall basket of commodities to be slightly higher compared
to Q1 levels. And from a margin perspective, we expect Q2 operating margins to be in the range of Q1
margins.

In Printing, from a demand perspective, we expect to continue to see strong demand for home printing
as well as the continued economic pressure in commercial printing. We expect to have to navigate supply
constraints and the need to replenish stock so that our ecosystem of partners are well positioned to satisfy
the strong demand that we see in printers and supplies. We expect that our operating margin for Q2 to be
at the high end of our long-term range of 16% to 18%.

Taking these considerations into account we are providing the following guidance for Q2 and FY '21. We
expect second quarter non-GAAP diluted net earnings per share to be in the range of $0.84 to $0.90 and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HP INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

second quarter GAAP diluted net earnings per share to be in the range of $0.82 to $0.88. We expect FY
'21 non-GAAP diluted net earnings per share to be in the range of $3.15 to $3.25 and FY '21 GAAP diluted
net earnings per share to be in the range of $2.98 to $3.08. For FY '21, we expect our free cash flow to be
at least $4 billion.
And now I would like to hand it back to the operator and open the call for your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HP INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

And Marie, I just wanted to congratulate you on the new role. My question, I'm going to -- it's a 2-part
question so I'll just leave it to one question today. I was wondering, Enrique, can you talk a bit about
sustainability and sort of beyond the quarter that you've guided to? And that's one of the big questions
I think people have right now. Maybe if you can -- you've pointed to shortages in PCs lasting until third
quarter. So maybe you can talk on the PC side a little bit about what you see long term for the market and
what might support the PC business sort of in future quarters.

And then if you could turn to Printing, if you can talk a bit about what Print Plus means for the long-term
model and how you see that impacting margins as well as discussing a bit, because I think maybe it's
underappreciated, how the shift to Inkjet is going to help margins long term since you own the whole
Inkjet stack and have to partner with Canon for laser. So if you could maybe address those 2 parts, that is
my -- completes my question.

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Shannon, and I will try to answer all your points. So let me start with sustainability of the
momentum that we see. And I would say that we are very optimistic about what we -- what are our
expectations for the market for the coming quarters. We think that many of the underlying trends that are
driving demand today are going to stay. I think the pandemic has made technology a clear necessary for
people to work, to entertain, to live. And this is going to continue to drive very strong demand for PCs and
for home printers for the foreseeable future, but especially for PCs.

We also think that as offices will reopen, we are going to see an increase of demand on the PC space
because CIOs will have to invest on PCs again to make their employees productive. And we are going to
continue to see a shift towards notebooks that also helps on the demand side as the renewal cycles are
shorter.

We also think that the need to -- the hybrid model of working between office and home opens new
opportunities for us on the printing side to offer new services, create new services by combining both. So
overall, again, we see that this is creating an opportunity for us not only to leverage new opportunities,
but really to continue to drive change and to continue to gain momentum.

If I go now to the second part of your question on PCs. We expect to continue to see very strong demand
for PCs in the coming quarters. And this strong demand is what is creating the supplies, the component
shortages that you were mentioning. We have provided strong guidance today both for the quarter and for
the year. And this is based, of course, on the visibility that we have today for components, what we think
we are going to be able to hit. If we get more components, we could do even better.

And then your final question on Print. As you know, we launched HP+ during last quarter. The reception
has been very positive in terms of both adoption of the end-to-end model and also feedback from
customers in terms of the value proposition and feedback from partners. So going -- I would say, we are
optimistic about the results we have seen. And as you know, we are going to expand into more countries
and more categories during the coming months until we complete the rollout in the middle of 2022.

You were also asking about the impact on margins. Let me start there, and maybe Marie will complement
that. Clearly, we see a benefit from the mix moving into Inkjet versus laser because, as you know, we own
the full end-to-end system. But this quarter, we are also seeing a strong benefit from pricing, especially on
hardware, that is really helping to increase the profitability on print.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HP INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

Marie E. Myers
Chief Financial Officer

And yes, thank you for your warm introduction, Shannon. Yes. Look, we expect our print margins to
remain strong throughout FY '21, and we expect our operating dollars to grow and operating profit rate to
be at the higher end of the 16% to 18% range for '21. And in Q2, we'd expect to be above the range as
well.

Operator

And our next question will come from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I want to ask a clarification first. You said in your prepared remarks that you see PCs growing through
2021. Does that mean that you will see growth in each of the 4 quarters? Obviously, you grew strong in
1Q. Or is that just implying that you will grow for the full year?

And then in terms of my question, just following up on the Print business. Can you talk about how much
channel inventory rebuild contributed to Print revenue in the quarter? And Marie, you made it clear that
you expect Print margins at the upper end of the range, but why would they come down sequentially given
that the pricing environment remains quite favorable?

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

Okay. Thank you, Katy. Let me start with a clarification. When I was talking about PC growth to continue, I
was referring to market. As I was saying in Shannon's -- in the answer to Shannon, we expect the market
to continue to be very strong, both this year and in the long term.

And then let me offer a data point. If we look at the projection that we have for PC market in 2021, the
one we have now, and we compare it to the projection that we have for '21 before the pandemic started,
the market is 45% bigger. So this talks about the growth that we have seen in PCs and really the -- why
we are so optimistic about this business going forward. And now Marie will talk about the margins for Print
in Q1.

Marie E. Myers
Chief Financial Officer

Actually, I was going to move on and just cover your question around channel inventory, Katy. So look,
with respect to that, overall channel inventory is below what we believe are healthy, appropriate levels
for Print. And that's really as a result of that strength that we're seeing in consumer. And right now,
we're also below the range, and that's driven by that demand in home. We do expect, however, some
replenishment of stock throughout our partner ecosystem into Q3, and that's going to help to bridge some
of that demand from our customers. So overall, we want to make sure that our partner ecosystem is very
well positioned to satisfy that demand.

Operator

Our next question will come from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.

A.M. Sacconaghi
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

I have 2 questions as well. First, if I look at your guidance for the full year, it implies an EPS decline at the
midpoint, down more than 20% in the second half versus the first half. Typically, seasonality would point
to EPS being up 10% in the second half. So I was wondering if you can comment on that. Are you being
conservative? Because it sounds like you're going to be supply-constrained through potentially Q3. Or are
you believing that this very favorable price environment is going to come off? So are you expecting this
deceleration because of conservatism? Are you expecting it because of weaker-than-normal sequential

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HP INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

revenue growth? Or are you expecting it because you expect margins to go down to lower levels in the
second half? And then I have a follow-up, please.

Marie E. Myers
Chief Financial Officer

Right. It's a pleasure to meet you. So look, frankly, Toni, we've provided actually a very strong guide for
the year, and we're investing for our future. In fact, we expect revenue growth in FY '21 and EPS to be up
38% to 43% and free cash flow growth as well. So while, to your point, this is front end-loaded in the first
half, the second half EPS growth is actually 23% to 32% of the 1.11 that we actually delivered last year.
And this actually includes earnings growth as well as the benefit of lower shares.

So given the current environment, as you could imagine, we are modeling multiple scenarios for the
second half. So look, all in all, we believe that this is a prudent guide based on what we know today. And
clearly, if we can do better, we absolutely will.

A.M. Sacconaghi
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Okay. I guess I was trying to get a better sense of whether there was more confidence in the revenue
trajectory or the margin trajectory. But just in terms of the follow-up, I want to better understand this
restocking, whether this is hardware or supplies or both on the print side. Is it principally consumer? So I
presume your stock is going down on the corporate side since demand is much weaker and your channel
inventory in dollars is going up on the consumer side, and that's obviously very, very favorable. But you
talked about this being a benefit last quarter, this being a benefit this quarter, this potentially being a
benefit next quarter. I'd like to understand exactly what that benefit is.

And then maybe you could kind of zoom out a bit and just talk about how we should think about
normalized Supplies growth. I think over the last 8 or 9 years, it's gone down about 4% per year.
The aspiration was to get to flat Supplies growth. I think it took you a little longer to get there. You
haven't really provided an update on how you think about Supplies growth sort of in a more normalized
environment. How should we think about that?

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

Okay. Thank you, Toni. Let me start, and let me emphasize that we are very confident on both the
revenue and profit projections for the year, and this is what supports the strong guide that we have
provided today.

In terms of channel inventory, the comments from -- that we made in the prepared remarks are not only
for supply but also for hardware, and we continue to be, across the board in PCs, printers and supplies,
below what we think are the ideal inventory levels that we have for the channel. So that's -- this is where
we are today. And all this is driven by the very strong demand that we continue to see, especially on our
home products. I'll now let Marie explain what do we see on Supplies and what do we think is the impact
on the replenishment this quarter.

Marie E. Myers
Chief Financial Officer

And thanks, Enrique. So Toni, looking at Supplies performance, there's sort of really 3 key dynamics to
discuss. First of all, ongoing demand in consumer supplies with work-from-home and learn-from-home
-- and there are ongoing challenges in commercial print, as you know. And then secondly, there's that
favorable pricing environment, which was actually a tailwind. And then thirdly, the year-over-year compare
also benefited from that replenishment of stock, which was consistent with what we had indicated on the
call in Q4.

Now if you adjust for the impact of inventory movements, we estimate that Supplies revenue was down
roughly 1% year-on-year. As you know, we have a multi-tiered channel. So this is our best estimate based

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HP INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

on the data we have, including our estimates for product across the channel and end-user stock. So this
replenishment should have a short-term benefit to Supplies revenue.

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

I'm talking -- commenting on the projections for the future, Toni. As you know, we are -- we have
redesigned the strategy of the company to reduce the dependency on supplies to deliver our goals. This is
why the subscription programs, HP+ are so critical. And we are very pleased with the progress that we're
making on that front. We shared in the prepared remarks that we reached 9 million subscribers on Instant
Ink, which means we added 1 million subscribers this quarter, which is faster than the most we have done
in the history of the program. So clearly, that is accelerating. And at the same -- and I also shared before,
we are really pleased with the response that we have got on HP+, and we are also making good progress
on what we call Big Ink and big toner for -- in emerging countries, which are a key part of our strategy as
well.

Operator

Our next question will come from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Perfect. It looks like I really have no Printing questions for you guys anymore. But I do want to talk about
free cash flow. And if I look at the fiscal '21 guide, I think you talked about $4 billion of free cash flow.
It's really a modest uplift from the $3.9 billion we did in fiscal '20. So really, just help me understand.
With revenue up the way it is, and I think EPS is going to be up 35%, 40%, why is free cash flow up $100
million and change? Just what are the puts and takes? That would be really helpful.

Marie E. Myers
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So first of all, look, I'd start up by saying, look, we're really pleased with the results of free cash flow
and what we saw in the quarter. Now as we look forward to FY '21, Amit, we expect free cash flow, as I
said in my prepared remarks, to be at least $4 billion, and that is being driven by the earnings growth
in both PS and Print. And it is being -- sort of the headwind that we do have is -- will be partially offset
by changes in working capital, which we expect to -- from higher expected inventory and AR. And that's
being driven, obviously, by the environment that we're in with PS.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Got it. And then, I guess, Marie, really, from your perspective, as you step into the CFO role and your
background as the Chief Transformation Officer, I'd love to get a sense on, as you go forward, how do you
go between managing the need to reduce costs and optimize margins versus perhaps investing for growth
as you go forward? And as we think about HP over the next 2, 3 years, what are the big priorities for the
company for investments?

Marie E. Myers
Chief Financial Officer

No. Thanks, Amit. Look, frankly, I believe that great companies like HP focus on the end. We have to do
both. We have to reduce costs, and we have to make the right investments for the future. So I can tell
you, as the CFO, I'm going to be relentless about going after inefficiency and making sure we're driving
value from our investments. I think my role as the Chief Transformation Officer really teed me up nicely
for that outlook. Now with respect to investments, I'm going to turn it over to Enrique to add some color
there.

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HP INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

And before I do that, let me emphasize the comment from Marie about the end. We need to continue, and
we will continue reducing cost, and we will continue to invest in areas where we see opportunities for the
future.

And my answer is not going to surprise anybody because this is the strategy we have been executing
during the last years. It's about modernizing our core businesses, both Personal Systems and Print. We
see opportunities to create value on both. It is about expanding into adjacencies. And yesterday, we
shared the acquisition of Hyperx. That is an example of a very attractive adjacency for us. And we are
also investing to create new businesses in industrial graphics, in 3D printing, in microfluidics. And we
see also the need to invest in improving our digital infrastructure that will help us to create new business
model but, as Marie was saying, also to become more efficient, leaner and really being able to respond
to our customers in a better way. This is the strategy we have been executing. The results show that it is
growing, and this is where we're going to be investing going forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from Matt Cabral with Crédit Suisse.

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Enrique, you just mentioned Hyperx. I wanted to dig a little bit more into that. I guess, first, just
a clarification. I saw in the release you guys said it's EPS accretive, but wondering if you guys can
comment on the revenue contribution you expect from Hyperx going forward. And then more broadly,
just wondering for your perspective on PC gaming and just how we should think about sustainability there
once people start leaving their homes in a more normalized manner and just how you think about HyperX'
peripheral spending versus your OMEN brand within the lineup.

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

So first of all, let me start on gaming. Gaming is a very attractive opportunity for us, both on the hardware
side, where we have been growing significantly during the last quarter and where we expect to continue to
see growth in the coming years. More and more people are using gaming as their main entertainment, and
this is driving growth today and will continue to drive growth in the future.

When we look about gaming, the peripheral opportunity is especially attractive. A gamer spends about
15, 16 more money on accessories than a normal PC user. And when we think about that opportunity, the
acquisition of HyperX makes us really excited about the opportunity of really capturing that. HyperX is the
leader in gaming headsets. They have a very strong portfolio on microphones, mice, keyboard. And really,
the growth -- the value proposition of the acquisition is very clear. We are going to accelerate that growth
by leveraging our geographical presence and our broader retail presence as well as we will be taking their
portfolio and expanding into new segments like commercial. So it's all about growth, and this is -- and this
growth is what makes it accretive for us in 2022.

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

And as my follow-up, I wanted to broaden out the discussion on M&A and just talk about how you think
about M&A strategically. And I heard in the prepared remarks that the plan is still outsized buybacks once
a better opportunity comes along. So maybe just help us understand the criteria as you think about that
trade-off between repurchases and other uses of capital going forward.

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

So our approach has not changed from what we have been communicating during the last quarter. We
continue to believe that our stock is undervalued, and we are going to continue to buy aggressively our
shares. Marie mentioned that we are going to be buying at least $1 billion of shares every quarter. And
at the same time, we are always looking for opportunities to accelerate our strategies through M&A. We

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HP INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

are looking at opportunities in the core businesses, in adjacencies and also to support our new businesses.
And the criteria are very simple. Any M&A we will do will have to be aligned to the strategies we have
explained. It will have to have attractive financial returns, at a minimum, a better ROI than buying our
own stock. And third, we need to have a strong operational plan to execute on the value proposition of
the acquisition. These are the criteria we have been applying. This is what we used to decide to acquire
HyperX, and this is how we think about M&A.

Operator

Our next question comes from Krish Sankar with Cowen and Company.

Krish Sankar
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

And congrats on the solid results. And Marie, congrats on the full-time CFO title. I have 2 quick questions.
First, Enrique or Marie, is there a way to quantify what would be the upside to revenues if you had no
supply constraints? And then I had a quick follow-up.

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

Let me take that question. What you have in the guide is what we think we -- based on the current
supply that we see available, we can deliver. Of course, if there was more supply, we will be able to drive
more, but I don't think we will quantify what this number is. But let me tell you, as I said in the prepared
remarks, our backlog is at a record high so it will be a significant number. But again, we are seeing
shortages given how strong the demand is across the board.

Krish Sankar
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Got it. Got it. And then as a quick follow-up, the gross margins in the January quarter were really strong.
What were the drivers there? And how to think about gross margin for the rest of the year, especially as
component costs get inflationary for you folks?

Marie E. Myers
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thanks for the kind words. So look, fundamentally, it's just all about demand, frankly, outpacing
supply and really creating that favorable environment. So it's basically just the laws of supply and
demand, which helped us with better pricing in the quarter. So regardless of whether you're sort of talking
year-on-year or quarter-on-quarter, that improvement in gross margin was primarily driven by favorable
pricing, which showed up as fewer promotions and as cost improvements.

Operator

Our next question will come from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Securities, Research Division

Yes. I was wondering if you -- we can go back to Print margins for a second and look at this on a quarter-
on-quarter basis. When we look at the sequential revenue improvement that was about $200 million in
Print, the Print profitability went up by $300 million. So maybe you can help us think through how much of
it was pricing on hardware, where there is fixed cost leverage that you might be recognizing versus higher
mix on HP Inc. versus laser toner. If there's a way to dissect this somewhat differently in the $300 million.
And clearly, replenishment has a role there. To -- any way to maybe size those different components?
And also if we can split between hardware and supplies, I think that will give us a better sense of how the
trajectory of this could progress.

Marie E. Myers
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HP INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

Sure. No, thanks for your question. And so, look, the Print rate really benefited from improved gross
margins, particularly in home hardware, and that was driven by that favorable pricing that I mentioned
earlier. And it was particularly in the consumer side. And some of those -- and then we had reductions
from COVID-related supply chain costs that we had in Q4, and then that was partially offset by higher
consumer mix and lower supplies mix. So that in all is what contributed to the rate. And overall, we're
seeing the strength and resiliency of our broad Print portfolio and leadership across customer segments,
and that's really positioned us very well against our competition.

Operator

Our next question will come from David Vogt with UBS.

David Vogt
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. Maybe just going back to the component shortages issue for a second. It's been persistent for some
time now, and there's been commentary across different industries that lead times are lengthening across
the board. I know inventory is up this quarter, 49 days. It was 43 last quarter. But can you give us more
qualitative discussion on how you're thinking about remediation going forward in your future procurement
plans in case there's a greater disruption and what that might mean for your top line going forward?

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

Sure. So as I said before, the shortages that we are seeing are really driven by the very strong demand
that we are getting across the full portfolio. We, of course, are taking any action we can to mitigate the
impact and make sure that we can deliver even more than what we have in the plan.

One of the big things that we have decided, as Marie mentioned before, is to increase the amount of
inventory that we have on hand. This will help us not only to increase the delivery of the shipment of
products but also to be able to ship more products in case some components are made available during
the quarter.

We are also building direct connection with suppliers that until now will be managed from our ODMs,
usually suppliers of low-cost components, because we have seen that it's important to really establish
a direct connection with them and in some cases, even buy products directly from them. And this, I
would say, are the 2 big things that we have already done and that we expect will help us to manage the
situation during the coming quarters.

David Vogt
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Yes. And maybe just a quick follow-up on that. So when you think about sort of the inventory that you're
taking in and that you're going to procure going forward, is there any sort of commentary or guidance you
can give us in terms of what the margin impact might look like from that inventory today going forward as
you burn through that inventory maybe later this year into next fiscal year?

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

I think given how strong our demand is, if you are concerned about obsolescence of some of the inventory,
I think the risk is extremely low because we really have very strong demand, and we expect it to continue
during the coming quarters.

In terms of cost of components, we are expecting that, in some cases, cost will be increasing during the
coming quarters. But all of this is built into our guidance and built into the comments that Marie made
before in terms of operating margin during the coming quarters.

Marie E. Myers
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HP INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

And just a follow-up on Enrique's comment. As a result then, we would expect, from an overall basket of
commodity pricing perspective, for those prices to be higher than what we've seen in Q1 going forward as
well.

Operator

Our next question will come from Jim Suva Citigroup.

James Dickey Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

And congratulations on the very strong results and outlook. When we dive -- I have one question. When
we dive into the results on PCs, yes, you are growing, but it seems like some of your competitors,
especially your North America competitors, growing much stronger than you. You did highlight that you
grew a lot in Chromebook. So I'm wondering, is the strategy there to really focus on education and
Chromebooks or profit share gains or market share maintaining even if you lose some share? I just
wanted to revisit your strategy in the PC side when we look at the data versus the industry.

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

Sure. Let me be very clear, Jim. So we had a very strong quarter in absolute terms on PCs, revenue
growth, unit growth, profit growth, but we didn't on relative terms. And being as competitive as we are,
this is not something that we are satisfied about. As I explained before, we are looking at what can we
do and what will we do to improve our relative performance. We have already taken some actions to do
that by increasing inventory and changing how -- the connections that we have with certain component
providers, and this will be helping us to improve our performance going forward. We are really using this
as a catalyst to optimize even further our operational capabilities. And this is what great companies do and
what we will continue to do because, again, we like to win, and this is what we will do -- continue to do
going forward.

So having said that, I think we are close to time so let me use this as an opportunity to wrap up. First of
all, I want to repeat some of the comments I made during the prepared remarks.

We are doing what we said we would do, and our strategy is working. We have had a very strong start
of the year, and we are confident in the projections that we have for '21 and beyond. We see growth
opportunities in our core markets, in the adjacencies and also in the new businesses that we are creating.
And we are really leveraging the opportunities that we see to accelerate our strategy, accelerate our
growth, which gives us great confidence in the future of the company.

So again, thank you for joining us today and looking forward to continue to talk to all of you in the future.
Thank you.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HP INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 25, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

