HP Inc. NYSE:HPQ
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, August 26, 2021 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.84

1.00

19.05

0.80

3.50

3.58

Revenue  (mm)

15915.38

15289.00

(3.94 %)

15963.08

63399.65

62902.34

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-24-2021 6:58 AM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.52

0.66

0.89

0.84

0.62

0.92

0.93

1.00

19.23 %

39.39 %

4.49 %

19.05 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
HP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Beth Howe
VP & Head of Investor Relations

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

Marie E. Myers
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

A.M. Sacconaghi
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Ananda Prosad Baruah
Loop Capital Markets LLC,
Research Division

David Vogt
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

James Dickey Suva
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, and welcome to the HP Inc. Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to
Beth Howe, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Beth Howe
VP & Head of Investor Relations

Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to HP's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. With me
today are Enrique Lores, HP's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Marie Myers, HP's Chief Financial
Officer.

Before handing the call over to Enrique, let me remind you that this call is being webcast. A replay of this
webcast will be made available on our website shortly after the call for approximately 1 year. We posted
the earnings release and the accompanying slide presentation on our Investor Relations web page at
investor.hp.com.

As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the
world and our businesses as we see them today. For more detailed information, please see disclaimers
in the earnings materials related to forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and
assumptions. For a discussion of some of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer to HP's
SEC reports, including our most recent Form 10-K. HP assumes no obligation and does not intend to
update any such forward-looking statements.

We also note that the financial information discussed on this call reflects estimates based on information
available now and could differ materially from the amounts ultimately reported in HP's Form 10-Q
for the fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2021, and HP's other SEC filings. During this webcast, unless
otherwise specifically noted, all comparisons are year-over-year comparisons with the corresponding
year ago period. For financial information that has been expressed on a non-GAAP basis, we've included
reconciliations to the comparable GAAP information. Please refer to the tables and slide presentation
accompanying today's earnings release for those reconciliations.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Enrique.

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Beth. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. I hope that you and your
families are safe and well.

It's an important time for us to connect. The hybrid world taking shape is expanding our addressable
market and creating new opportunities to drive profitable growth. We have already started to capitalize on
this and have a long runway ahead.

This is evident in our Q3 performance. We delivered another quarter of top and bottom line growth, with
EPS growing substantially faster than revenue. This reflects continued progress against our strategic
priorities and strong and sustained demand for our products and services. In Q3, we delivered revenue of
$15.3 billion, an increase of 7%. Our non-GAAP net earnings increased 71% to $1.2 billion. Non-GAAP EPS
increased to $1 compared to $0.49 in Q3 last year. And we generated $1 billion of free cash flow, returning
$1.7 billion to shareholders.

Before I take you through the highlights, I want to first share 3 key points of context as you think
about our performance and outlook. First, as I mentioned, we continue to see strong demand for our
products and services. The hybrid world is accelerating trends in our segments and our leadership across
commercial and consumer categories, positions us well even as demand continues to outpace supply.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

The second point is that we continue to hit our match products as we can while navigating a complex
operational environment. We are managing through component shortages, COVID-related factory
lockdowns in Southeast Asia and congested ports and transportation disruptions. Even under these
conditions, we delivered solid financial results.

And third, we are performing while transforming our business models and service offerings to capitalize
on emerging growth opportunities. We have continued to make progress reducing our fixed cost structure,
evolving our business model and creating new growth businesses. And we are expanding our time in key
segments to drive additional top and bottom line growth. In Personal Systems, this will be driven by our
focus on peripheral and new compute models. In Printing, we are expanding our services and subscription
offerings. I will talk about all of this in more detail by looking at the progress we are making across our
portfolio.

In Personal Systems, demand for our products continue to be strong with our backlog increasing again
quarter-on-quarter. PC penetration rates are growing across our markets as devices become increasingly
essential in today's hybrid world. While we delivered strong operating profit, PS revenue was less than we
expected, primarily because of our supply chain constraints. We expect industry-wide supply shortages,
particularly in IC, to continue into 2022. Given this, we have identified the necessary improvements we
need to make and are accelerating their execution to drive stronger top line performance. We expect that
it will take more than 1 quarter to show results.

As we run supply, our PS portfolio is extremely well positioned for the hybrid world, and we see significant
opportunities for market expansion. And our leading share in commercial PCs positions us well as
more businesses reopen. In the commercial market, we launched a new all-in-one and expanded our
ZBook portfolio of high-performance PCs for creative professionals. This includes the ZBook Studio
G8, the world's most powerful mobile workstation for its size. And our new ZBook power brings ZBook
performance to students, SMB and the public sector.

In Q3, we also launched a new Pavilion lineup that brings premium computing experiences into the main
theme. We allowed a series of new displays that are purpose-built for home office and entertainment
setups. And we continued to drive momentum outside of our core hardware businesses.

This quarter, we completed our acquisition of HyperX, giving us a leading position in gaming peripherals
and a platform from which to accelerate our peripherals leadership more broadly. We also continue to
advance our Device-as-a-Service business, which grew 32% in the quarter. And we are investing to meet
emerging customer needs in the commercial space. This is highlighted by our recent agreement to acquire
Teradici Corporation. Teradici's software is widely used by leading organizations around the world to
deliver superior remote computing solutions. We expect this deal will accelerate new compute models and
services tailored for hybrid work environment.

In Printing, revenue was up 24%, driven by recovery in commercial and strength in consumer. As in
Personal Systems, the rise of all things hybrid plays towards strength and is creating new opportunities for
print innovation and growth. Specifically, we are expanding our services and subscription offerings, each of
which delivered double-digit growth this quarter.

We continue to scale HP+ and Instant Ink across North America and Europe, including the addition of HP
+ on the ENVY and DeskJet product family. We have seen positive response to HP+ to date and HP Instant
Ink hit a major milestone by surprising 10 million subscribers. Our subscription services are providing a
simple and seamless experience for today's hybrid workers, paving the way for new offerings in the future.

We also continue to evolve our hardware portfolio, with success in our award-winning HP Laser Jet 400
and 500 series. HP continues to be recognized as a best managed print vendor, helping SMB solution
providers thrive in a competitive market where quality and security are essential. The strength of our
position in the commercial market is significant as more people return to the office.

In our industrial businesses, we drove very strong hardware revenue growth in the quarter. Importantly,
our number of pages printed is at or above 2019 levels. We once again saw double-digit growth in print

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

impressions and square meters as well as strength in key categories like labels and packaging. And in 3D,
we remain focused on driving high-value end-to-end applications in strategic vertical markets.

This quarter, we launched the new Arize for orthotic solution. It leverages HP's CD printing and cloud-
based software to help the millions of patients who suffer from foot pain. It is a great example of the
opportunity we see to disrupt industries with highly personalized solutions.

Our combination of innovation and execution enables us to continue making progress across our business
and portfolio. And we remain committed to generating strong cash flow and to value-creating capital
allocation. This includes our robust share repurchase and dividend program and disciplined organic and
inorganic investment.

In Q3, we returned $1.7 billion to shareholders and have returned $6.8 billion over the past 12 months.
We believe our shares remain undervalued and are committed to aggressive repurchase levels of at least
$1.5 billion in Q4.

As part of our value creation strategy, we also remain focused on M&A that can accelerate our growth in
strategic areas. HyperX and Teradici are 2 great examples. We will continue using our rigorous returns-
based framework to evaluate and pursue deals that complement our strategy and accelerate new sources
of value creation.

As we drive our portfolio strategy and transformation agenda, we continue to prioritize making a
sustainable impact. This quarter, we released our 20th Annual Sustainable Impact Report that highlights
the work we are doing in climate action, human rights and digital equity and outlined new 2030 goals.
Not only is this the right thing to do, it's also driving business success. In 2020, our sustainable impact
initiatives help us win more than $1 billion in new sales for the second consecutive year.

Aligned with this, we recently issued $1 billion in sustainability bonds. We are allocating these proceeds to
ESG-related initiatives consistent with our strategy and values. Looking ahead to Q4, our backlog remains
significantly elevated. We expect robust demand to continue, and we are taking decisive steps to address
operational headwinds. Our portfolio is strong and resilient, and we remain on track to significantly
exceed the full year EPS target we set in February. And today, we are raising our Q4 outlook. And more
importantly, we plan to build on this performance and expect to grow full year EPS in fiscal year '22.

Longer term, the hybrid world plays to our strength and creates attractive opportunities across our
categories. We are well positioned to drive sustained performance as we innovate, improve and continue
to reinvent for our customers, partners and shareholders. I look forward to our upcoming October analyst
meeting to discuss our strategy and our plans to drive continued business success.

Let me now turn the call over to Marie, who will take you through the details of the quarter and our fiscal
year outlook. Marie, over to you.

Marie E. Myers
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Enrique. Looking at our third quarter financial results, we delivered another solid quarter of
revenue growth, with operating profit and EPS growing substantially faster. We are continuing our
transformation journey while generating strong free cash flow, returning significant capital to shareholders
and investing for long term value creation.

Looking at the details of Q3. Net revenue was $15.3 billion, up 7% nominally and 4% in constant currency.
Regionally, in constant currency, Americas increased 12%, EMEA increased 1%, and APJ declined 6%.
Supply chain constraints affected both Print and Personal Systems revenue. And this was particularly
impactful in EMEA and APJ in Personal Systems. Across Personal Systems and Print, we continue to see
strong demand for our products and solutions, capitalizing on opportunities we see as the hybrid world
take shape.

The gross margin was 22.2%, up 5.5 points year-on-year. The increase was primarily driven by continued
favorable pricing, including lower promotions as well as a reduction to previously estimated sales and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

marketing program incentives as well as currency, partially offset by higher costs. Non-GAAP operating
expenses were $1.9 billion or 12.4% of revenue. The increase in operating expenses was primarily driven
by increased investments in go-to-market and innovation as well as higher variable compensation due to
the very strong performance this fiscal year as compared to 2020.

Non-GAAP net OI&E expense was $78 million for the quarter. Non-GAAP diluted net earnings per share
increased $0.51 to $1, including $0.25 related to the reduction in previously estimated incentives, of
which $0.12 were reinvested during the quarter primarily in accelerating R&D, incremental marketing and
our hybrid work strategy.

Non-GAAP diluted net earnings per share excludes net expense totaling $90 million, primarily related
to restructuring and other charges, amortization of intangibles, acquisition-related charges, debt
extinguishment costs, other tax adjustments, partially offset by nonoperating retirement-related credits.
As a result, Q3 GAAP diluted net earnings per share was $0.92.

Before I get into the details of the segments, let me briefly address the reduction in previously estimated
sales and marketing program incentives. Consistent with our policies, we review these estimates every
quarter. We estimate incentives based on a number of factors like historical experience, customer behavior
and market conditions. The change in estimate is a result of lower-than-expected incentives due to
increased supply constraints, shifts in customer behavior and the evolving impact of the COVID-19
pandemic. As a result, it became clear that we had to make an unusually large change in estimate in Q3.

Now let me turn to segment performance. In Q3, Personal Systems revenue was $10.4 billion, flat year-
over-year as supply chain challenges continue to constrain our growth. Demand for our products remain
strong with backlog increasing again sequentially despite substantially clearing the Chrome backlog.

Drilling into the details. Consumer and Commercial revenue was up 3% and down 1%, respectively. By
product category, revenue was flat for notebooks, up 1% for desktops and down 9% for workstations.
Total units were flat year-over-year. We also drove double-digit growth in both consumer peripherals and
services attach across consumer and commercial.

Personal Systems delivered $869 million in operating profit and operating margins of 8.4%. The operating
margin improved 2.9 points primarily due to favorable pricing, including the reduction in estimated
incentives and currency, partially offset by higher costs, including commodity costs, investments in
innovation in go-to-market and variable compensation.

In Print, our results reflected continued focus on execution and the strength of our portfolio. We are
uniquely positioned as leaders in both consumer and commercial and have the hardware, support and
services to deliver value in a hybrid world. Q3 total group revenue was $4.9 billion, up 24%, driven by
strong growth in supply, hardware and services. Total hardware units declined 4% due to manufacturing
and component constraints, primarily in consumer produce. We expect these Q3 constraints to impact Q4
as well.

By customer segment, Consumer revenue was up 15%, with units down 8% and commercial revenue
in units were up 46% and 29%, respectively. Consumer demand remained strong, however, revenues,
particularly A4 laser, was constrained by supply and factory disruptions. The commercial recovery
continued with double-digit hardware revenue growth in office and triple-digit increases in industrial
printing hardware. Given what we're seeing with the Delta variant and evolving hybrid models, we still
expect recovery to be gradual and uneven at times across segments and geographies.

Supply revenue was $3.1 billion. The 20% year-on-year growth was driven by inventory replenishment,
stronger commercial demand and favorable pricing. Our contractual business is a key element of our
print strategy in both Consumer and commercial printing. In Consumer, our Instant Ink business model
continued to resonate well with customers with strong double-digit revenue and subscriber growth.

On the commercial side, we drove growth in Managed Print Services revenue and total contract value
with particular strength in new TCV bookings. Print operating profit increased $377 million to $857
million, and operating margins were 17.6%. Operating margin grew 5.4 points, driven primarily by
favorable pricing, including the reduction in estimated incentives, higher volumes in commercial hardware,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

including graphics and 3D, partially offset by unfavorable mix and higher costs, including commodity costs,
investments in innovation and go-to-market and variable compensation.

Let me now turn to our transformation efforts and our cost savings initiatives. In the second year of our
program, we continue to look at new cost savings opportunities and remain ahead of our $1.2 billion gross
run rate structural cost reduction plan. Our hybrid work strategy is one example. It has enabled us to
accelerate our location strategy while providing a more flexible workspace. Going forward, we are enabling
HP's hybrid work strategy by monetizing our sites to be critical hubs for collaboration and innovation. This
will also deliver savings in our real estate portfolio.

In addition to our progress on our location strategy, we are making progress in our digital transformation.
We are enhancing and leveraging our digital capabilities to transform the ways we operate and deliver
value to our customers. In the third quarter, we completed the initial deployment of our SAP S/4HANA
system, one of the largest ERP implementations. Also, as part of our end-to-end business planning and
forecasting efforts, we also went live with our new cloud-based platform, which we believe will improve
our forecasting agility as part of our digital transformation.

The structural cost savings from our transformation efforts are a key enabler of reinvesting in our business
for long-term growth and profitability.

Shifting to cash flow and capital allocation. Third quarter cash flow from operations and free cash flow
were $1.1 billion and $1 billion, respectively. In Q3, the cash conversion cycle was minus 29 days.
Sequentially, the cash conversion cycle improved 1 day as higher days payable outstanding more than
offset the increased days of inventory due to growth in inventory across PS and Print, and the 1-day
increase in days sales outstanding.

For the quarter, we returned a total of $1.7 billion to shareholders, which represented 178% of free cash
flow. This included $1.5 billion in share repurchase and $230 million in cash dividends. Looking forward,
we expect to continue to aggressively buy back shares at elevated levels of at least $1.5 billion in Q4.

Looking forward to the fourth quarter, we continue to navigate supply availability and logistics constraints,
pricing dynamics and the pace of economic reopening. In particular, keep the following in mind related
to our overall financial outlook. For Personal Systems, we continue to see strong demand for our PCs,
particularly in commercial. In Print, we expect solid demand in consumer and a mix shift of commercial
continues to improve. For both Personal Systems and Print, we expect that component shortages as well
as some manufacturing, port and transit disruptions will continue to constrain revenue due to the ongoing
pandemic and resurgence driven by the Delta variant.

Taking these considerations into account, we are increasing our Q4 and FY '21 EPS. We expect fourth
quarter non-GAAP diluted net earnings per share to be in the range of $0.84 to $0.90, and fourth quarter
GAAP diluted net earnings per share to be in the range of $0.82 to $0.88. We expect full year non-GAAP
diluted net earnings per share to be in the range of $3.69 to $3.75, and FY '21 GAAP diluted net earnings
per share to be in the range of $3.56 to $3.62. For FY '21, we expect our free cash flow to be at least $4
billion.
And now I would like to hand it back to the operator and open the call for your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matt Cabral with Credit Suisse.

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I wanted to start off on the PC side. So really strong operating margins, especially relative to just how you
were talking about that business 90 days ago. It sounds like a lot of that was the reduction in estimated
incentives.

Curious if there's any way to quantify that impact, and just if there's any other swing factors to call out.
And then going forward, just curious for your perspective on sustainability of margin that or above the
longer-term range versus the need for some normalization beyond that point.

Marie E. Myers
Chief Financial Officer

Matt, thanks for the opportunity. So why don't I unpack your question. I'll start on the outlook for PS for
Q4, and then I'll flip over and give you an update on the change in estimated incentive impact on margins.

So with respect to our PS rate outlook, look, we have strong confidence in our Q4 operating profit and
margin outlook. So part of that, we're really pleased with our PS operating margins to date. And overall,
we expect that PS will be well above our long-term range of 3.5% to 5.5% in Q4. So think about it in
terms of being similar to half 1 levels. And we'll talk more about that when we get to SAM.

Now to address your question with respect to the change in incentive, in terms of the impact on PS margin
with respect to OP quarter-on-quarter, the net impact of the reduction in the previously estimated sales
and marketing incentive was approximately -- about 1.5 points, and we're talking about that net of
investments. And I'm going to turn it to Enrique now.

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thank you, Marie. Let me address your question about sustainability. I think a very important thing to
understand about this quarter is the strength of the demand that we are seeing. Demand continues to be
significantly stronger than our supply chain capacity. Backlog grew quarter-over-quarter, and this is really
driven by the trends that we have been describing before.

The hybrid world is opening and driving opportunities for us to continue to sell PCs. There is a very strong
demand for PC for people working from home, and we expect that to continue. So as we saw strong
demand in Q4 -- in Q3, we expect to see strong demand in Q4 and to continue through 2022.

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Perfect. And then maybe building on that last answer, Enrique, you mentioned confidence in EPS growth
next year. I'm sure we'll hear a lot more at SAM. But just curious if you could give us a preview of the
biggest drivers underneath there. And just how dependent it is on that sustainability of demand or your
revenue trajectory versus maybe other levers you have to pull.

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

So we continue to see a lot of opportunities across the company, both in PCs, in printing, in the new
businesses we are creating. And as you said, we will be having our Investor Day in a few weeks from now,
and we will be sharing all the details about next year at that point.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

Operator

Our next question is from Jim Suva with Citi.

James Dickey Suva
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Could I just ask one question, and that's kind of on the PC side. There's a lot of investor questions about
the peaking of the PC cycle and what we're starting to see post the big boost on year-over-year, a year
ago, big sales. Can you give us some color about your orders, your outlook? It sounds like there's a
handoff going on from consumer to enterprise strength, if I heard you correctly, and therefore probably
less strength in Chromebooks. Am I getting that right?

And the installed base has been healthily weighed above 300 million units per year, kind of, on this run
rate. Do you think we're going to stay up there or go down quite a bit? That's kind of the big debate.

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

So let me try to go one by one. So first of all, as I was mentioning before, during the quarter, we
continued to see very strong demand for PC driven by the trends that I described. What we saw was that
when we finished the quarter, our backlog orders that we had at one customer that wanted us to ship
were significantly larger than what it was at the beginning of the quarter. And what we saw is very strong
demand from both commercial and consumer categories. In both cases, we saw increase of demand.

The area you were mentioning where we saw some weakness was on the Chromebook space because
many -- and it was mostly in the U.S., because many school districts decided to stop their purchase
activities until they had clarity on what type of new funds they were going to be getting from the federal
government and the timing of those funds. And now this has been clarified. We expect that now, demand
on the education space in Chromebooks will pick up at the end of this quarter or at the beginning of next
quarter.

But in any case, very strong demand on the PC side, faster growth on the commercial, but very strong
growth for some consumer.

Operator

The next question is from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.

A.M. Sacconaghi
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

I also wanted to just follow up on PCs, with the question being why do you appear to be facing supply
and logistics constraints that are significantly more pronounced than your competitors? Dell just reported
PC growth of 27%. Yours was 0. Lenovo had very strong growth. HP being a perennial share gainer, and
I think has lost share in PCs 3 out of the last 5 quarters or 4 out of the last 5 quarters, why are these
constraints so unique to HP?

And then related to that, you expressed confidence in the backlog. But the Chromebook backlog was
enormous 1 or 2 quarters ago, and it's completely gone. And so what makes the certainty of your
conviction and the sustainability of your backlog in PCs for commercial and consumer different from
Chromebook?

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

So Toni, let me also go one by one. On the PC side, what we saw is we clearly have some areas where we
need to improve operationally to be able to optimize our performance given the delta between supply and
demand.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

And there are 3 areas where specifically we need to -- we are working and we need to do some more
work. First of all, as you know, we have an outsourced model, where the majority of our production is
managed by ODM. This means that also ODMs were managing it until now, the relationship with the
providers of the components that we are missing. We have been changing that, signing now direct
relationship and direct supply agreements with them, so this is addressing that gap.

Second important factor is one of the key strengths of our PC business is the breadth of our portfolio. We
lead both in consumer and commercial. But this portfolio has not been designed to optimize for low-cost
components, which is what we are missing now. We have been changing that. And what you will -- as we
will introduce our new products going forward, you will see an increase of leverage of components across
multiple products, so we can really optimize our de-utilization of components.

And third, as we -- as Marie mentioned during the prepared remarks, we have been working to deploy
a new ERP system. That -- the ERP system is now in place. And now we have the ability to create tools
that will help us to optimize the allocation of orders, not only based on business priorities but also on
component availability. And this is something that until now, because we were in the middle of the ERP
change, we had to do manually.

So when I look at all these 3 areas, explain kind of the improvements that you are going to see on this
side and give us confidence on how we will continue to optimize, how we manage the current situation.

Then the second part of your question around Chromebooks. I think that an important factor to realize is
that during the quarter, we closed the backlog because the shipments of Chromebooks were 100% higher
than shipments that we made before. When we look at the backlog that is left, we analyzed it customer by
customer, retailer by retailer, partner by partner. And this gives us very strong confidence on the value and
the solidity of that backlog.

If we look at cancellations, with the exception of Chromebooks coming from some of the changes in the
U.S. School District, we are not seeing cancellations of the backlog. And as we mentioned before, it is
more than one full quarter of demand what we have in backlog.

A.M. Sacconaghi
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Just my final question is, you did say you were going to grow revenues in fiscal '22. You did not say you
were going to grow revenues in fiscal '22. Are you confident you will grow revenues in fiscal '22?

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

As I said before, we are going to be having our Investor Day in a few weeks from now. And we will -- that
will be the right time to have all the conversations about fiscal year '22. Thank you, Toni.

Operator

The next question is from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I have 2 as well. I guess the first one, Enrique, maybe you could talk about the Print business a little bit. It
continues to perform really well. I think supplies was up 19%, 20%.

And I think the struggle everyone ends up having, though, is what does profit normalization look like
as supply growth starts to moderate back to the long-term averages? So I'd love to understand, do you
think there are structural changes in place within supplies, within Print actually, that ensure that even if
supply starts to slow down, you can sustain the high teens margins you've been seeing over the last few
quarters?

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

Thank you. So first of all, in terms of the supplies performance, we are really pleased with the
performance that we saw this quarter. Though we need to accept that the 20% growth is also coming
because we had an easy compare to last year. But again, we are pleased with the performance of supplies.

In terms of what do we see happening? Basically, the trends that we shared before, as offices are
reopening, we are starting to see an increase in growth on the toner side, on the office side. And at the
same time, we are starting to see some light slowdown on the consumer side, which again is what we
were expecting. And in any case, the consumer business today continues to be above the projections that
we have for this time before the pandemic started. And this is a structural change that has happened.

Additionally to that, we have been able to accelerate the transition of our business models, both
rebalancing profitability but also significantly growing our subscription businesses. And this gives us strong
confidence about the evolution of the business going forward. But also in terms of protecting our supply
shares because more and more customers are part of the subscription program, we will make sure that
they continue to use HP supply.

Marie E. Myers
Chief Financial Officer

Just to supplement Enrique's comments. Right now, our channel is where we want it to be. So going into
Q4, we're not expecting any channel replenishment at this stage either, Amit.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Perfect. And then Marie, maybe a follow-up with you. On the free cash flow dynamics and your inventory
base, you talked in that a little bit to the why it ramped up so much. How do you see that normalizing
back into the October quarter? Does it normalize in October? Does it stay elevated, I guess, longer term?

And what do you need to see as a company to take leverage back up to, I think, 2x debt to EBITDA, which
you talked about a year ago or so to accelerate the buybacks even further.

Marie E. Myers
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Look, no worries. I mean, and I think I got the first part of your question. I'll address your comments
on inventory. And quite rightly so, you said that inventory is elevated this quarter, and that's really due to
strategic assurance of supply.

Look, we expect that it's frankly going to remain higher than pre-COVID levels. But look, we might see
some adjustments quarter-on-quarter as we drive and meet customers' needs. We're in a pretty dynamic
environment as we speak here.

Now to address the second part of your question on leverage. Right now, our gross debt to EBITDA is
about 1.17, which is -- it's below our stated goal of getting towards 1.5 to 2. And look, we continue -- we
expect to reach that lower end of the range over time. But right now, given our strong earnings and free
cash flow performance, it's going to be a couple of quarters.

But I might just add that we are really proud of the job that we've done around capital allocation. I think
you heard in my prepared remarks that we said we plan to purchase back at least $1.5 billion in shares in
the quarter. Enrique, I might just turn it over to you for any closing comments.

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

Well, maybe a couple of comments. I think it's important to remember that we are really -- and we stay
very committed to aggressively return capital to our shareholders, and our actions during the last quarter
reflect that. As we mentioned, we have returned this quarter $1.7 billion to shareholders, which is 178%
of free cash flow.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

And since the value plan started, we have returned -- we have about 20% of our outstanding shares, so
really strong commitment to that. We -- during Q4, we are going to be buying at least $1.5 billion. So we
are continuing with that. And during the Analyst Day, we will share what our plans for '22 are, but you can
expect from a very strong focus on continued buying back and dividend.

Operator

The next question is from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Marie, can you help us understand what the catalyst was to change the sales and marketing incentives in
the quarter? Because that was a big surprise. And at face value, it almost looks like it was a reaction to
operational execution and shortfalls, but maybe that wasn't the case.

And specifically, is this an accrual change? Or is it an actual change in the level of payments that you were
making in the quarter? And should we think about this new level as a new structural level? Or will this
recover as you come out of COVID? And then I have a follow-up.

Marie E. Myers
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, Katy. Why don't I explain to you, just walk you through this change in estimate. Then I'll address your
question specifically around the accrual and the reserves.

So we typically look at these estimates every quarter. So we estimate our sales and marketing incentives
based on a number of different factors. So for example, historical experience, expected customer
behavior, acceptance rates. And a very important driver is market conditions, which, as you know, we've
experienced a lot of volatility since the COVID-19 pandemic began.

It's also worth noting that some of these programs take several months, from 6 to 12 months for partners
to claim. So with the impact of these market dynamics, combined with the lower claims that we've seen
from our partners, it became clear that we had to make this unusually large change in estimate in Q3.
And frankly, we don't expect future changes of this size. But if it changes, we'll make the appropriate
disclosures.

Now typically, reserves, just to answer your question, you asked me about the reserve, and then I'll
address your structural component. Reserves are typically liabilities for estimated future payments. So a
reserve can occur for a variety of reasons. One of those can actually be a change in estimate.

And in terms of structural, as you know, we have in place a transformation plan. We are expecting to
be at 75% of our $1.2 billion plan. And we're always looking for opportunities to drive efficiency in our
pricing. And we've been very effective, actually, in pricing for the current market environment, as you see
in the results that we've delivered. So certainly, in terms of structural, we're looking for opportunities to
continually improve our pricing and our ability to price effectively in this dynamic period.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And just as a follow-up. Historically, revenue increases 5% to 7% sequentially in October. Is normal
seasonality a reasonable expectation given that you're coming from the lower base of revenue in 3Q,
given some of the execution issues that need to be addressed? Or will it take longer to fix, for instance,
the shortfall you saw in PCs in international markets, and we shouldn't necessarily be assuming normal
seasonality?

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

Yes. Let me take that question, Katy. And I think we need to realize that we are in a very different
situation than before the pandemic. Usually, our business is demand driven, and therefore, there is some
seasonality driven by buying patterns.

Today, our business is totally driven by supply. As I said before, orders exceed significantly what we
can produce. And therefore, normal seasonality doesn't apply to a year like this because what we will
be shipping is not what we will be getting orders for. It is going to be what is the maximum amount of
product that we can produce every day, every week, every month.

Operator

The next question is from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

My first question is just with regard to underlying trends in print volumes. And if you can talk about what
you're seeing consumer Soho in the office. And maybe if you can talk about within regions that are either,
I guess, returning to the office or reversing course. Just to get some idea of what you're seeing with the
data that you get.

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Shannon. The trends that we are seeing are aligned to the trends that we were expecting
to see a quarter ago. We are starting to see recovery in the office side. Though I have to say that, that
recovery is uneven, and it is impacted by the evolution of the pandemic. And certain countries when they
are hit, we still -- we see offices closed again and then we see an impact there.

But the trend is positive in terms of office growth. And we see faster growth on the SMB side than on the
enterprise side. When I say growth, I mean recovery.

On the other side, on the home side, again, as we were expecting, we are starting to see a slowdown as
kids are starting to go back to the -- to schools in many countries, and the balance of work between home
and office is also changing. Again, is what we were expecting. And in any case, what we see today and the
projections that we have now continue to be above the projections that we have before the pandemic.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

And as a clarification, can you say you're at 80% or 85% of where you were printing? And then my -- just
I'll jump it in. My second question is with regard to acquisitions, especially if you're going to start to see
some revenue pressure next year given some of the strength you've seen in PCs this year. Where are you
at with regard to acquisitions?

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

Sure. In terms of deviation versus number of pages printed, I guess your question is in the office, it goes
between minus 15% and minus 25% or minus 20% something between SMB and enterprise. So we are
still below where we want to be, but this gives you some ranges.

And then in terms of acquisitions, we -- M&A continues to be part of our plan. We have a rigorous
framework to analyze the opportunities that we see based on returns, based on alignment and strategy,
based on our ability to execute. We are constantly evaluating opportunities in our core businesses, in
adjacencies to support our new growth strategies.

And this quarter, we had 2 great examples that show how do we approach and how do we think about
M&A. We closed the HyperX deal that is really allowing us to accelerate our growth into the peripheral
space. And now we have a leading position in peripheral for gaming. And we did also a very exciting
opportunity on the services space, with the acquisition of Teradici Corporation, that will allow us to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

integrate into our services, remote compute for highly complex environments, which many of our
customers are utilizing today.

So M&A is part of our plan, and we are executing on that when we see the right opportunity.

Operator

Next question is from David Vogt with UBS.

David Vogt
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So I just wanted to go back and [ recut ] to the backlog. Can you give us a little bit more granularity
on sort of the mix? I know you mentioned that the Chromebook part of the backlog come down pretty
dramatically. But any more color on what that mix might look like, given where the margin strength came
in, in the quarter? So it's a little bit surprising.

And then obviously, it sounds like you think Chromebooks are going to come back a little bit into the
mix. How do you think about sort of order growth from a Chromebook perspective relative to where the
backlog is today? So what I mean by that is, so when you think about the October quarter, should backlog,
given the supply constraints, tick up again given your commentary? Or do you think we're at reasonable
equilibrium despite the supply chain constraints from a demand perspective? And then I have a follow-up.

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

Sure. Let me address some of your points. So first of all, first important factor is backlog grew during the
quarter. So we ended the quarter with a higher backlog than what we had when the quarter started.

The mix of the backlog was different. As I said before, we basically fulfill all the orders that we had with
Chromebooks, but the rest of the commercial business and consumer grew significantly. And today, when
we closed the quarter, more than 60% of the backlog was coming from commercial customers, which is
where margins are higher and where we -- and this is really an important factor to have in mind.

As we look at the future, we expect the Chromebook business to accelerate again at the end of Q3 and at
the end of Q4. But I think it's important to have in mind that Chromebooks represents around 10% of our
total PC business, even slightly below that.

So it's a relatively small business for us. What I really want to highlight is the strength of the commercial
business, which really driven by companies reopening, offices being reopened and investments that
corporations are doing and SMBs are doing in improving their working experience for their employees.

David Vogt
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

And then -- that's helpful. I appreciate that. And maybe just a follow-up for Marie along those lines. So I
know you mentioned Q4 margins will be more likely resembling kind of 1/2 margins in Personal Systems
Group. Is that the right way to think about it in terms of commercial margins are above where we are now
in Chromebooks as it comes back into the mix into Q4 is slightly dilutive to margins and that's how we
think about sort of that step down from 3Q into 4Q? And then into 2022, if enterprise or commercial is still
relatively strong, should we be expecting margins in PSG to be above sort of your normal historical 3.5%
to 5.5% range?

Marie E. Myers
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So going into Q4, as I mentioned earlier, we expect PS to be well above our long-term range of 3.5%
to 5.5%. So just think about it in terms of being similar to the sort of half 1 levels.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

And to your comment about Chrome, yes, Chrome margins are usually more dilutive to PS. Now in terms
of '22 and how to think about '22 margins, we're going to talk more about that in terms of the mid- and
long term at our Security Analyst Meeting in October. So we look forward to seeing you then.

Operator

And our last question today is from Ananda Baruah with Loop Capital.

Ananda Prosad Baruah
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

Two, if I could. Enrique, just to the remarks you made a few moments ago, if back to office gets
meaningfully delayed as we go through the fall here, like how should we think about the impact to both
the PC and the printing business?

And in that, if the demand for back office PCs is put on hold to any extent, do you think that there could
be a switch back to -- is there sort of PC demand still at the home that would need to be satiated? And
then I have a follow-up as well.

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

I think that the backlog that we have when the quarter starts is so high. When I say backlog is close to 1
full quarter, this gives you the magnitude of the order that we are not able to fulfill.

I think in the short term, really, we are very protected from any deviations as with the COVID plan. So I
don't think this will have any big impact from that perspective, Ananda.

And what we are seeing is, especially on the PC side, we have not seen a big implication of the officer
reopening or not because more corporations realize that they need to invest in improving the experience
of their employees, and we are seeing very strong demand across the board.

Ananda Prosad Baruah
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

That's really helpful. And then I guess the second one is the actions that you described, Enrique, with
regards to sort of the underutilized -- sort of the comments about being under-indexed on share, and you
had talked about, sort of, executional dynamics, outsourced model, components being optimized across
SKUs, ERP system.

When do you believe that those actions collectively can start to make an impact that will show up in the
P&L? And I'm assuming that also you're suggesting that will lead the share repurchase as well.

Enrique J. Lores
CEO, President & Director

Well, I think in terms of the actions, we have been working on them for a couple of quarters now, and
they will have impact gradually during the next month. This is really more about how do we optimize our
performance within the current constrained environment. We shouldn't expect that with this, we are going
to be able to double our capacity because there are significant shortages of components, but it will have a
gradual improvement in our performance, especially when we look at it competitively.

And I'm not sure if I understand your comment about share repurchase. We are fully committed to
continue to repurchase stock. We announced that we -- during Q4, we will be buying at least $1.5 billion
of shares. And during the analyst meeting, we will share what are the plans for 2022.

Thank you. And I think that was the last question. So let me close by saying thank you, everybody, for
participating. As you have seen during the call, we remain very optimistic about the opportunities that
the new way of working, that the hybrid world is opening for us. And we are making very good progress
executing our strategy.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

We continue to see very strong demand. And in the short term, our results are going to be impacted by
component availability. It's not a demand-driven world, it's a supply-driven world. In this world, our ability
to drive financial results is very strong. We are confident in the future, and this is why we raised guidance
for the year and for Q4, to reflect the confidence that we have in the business. And as we said, we are
looking forward to seeing all of you in our Investor Day in October. Thank you.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

