Humana Inc. NYSE:HUM
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, November 03, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

4.67

4.83

3.43

2.30

21.49

20.50

24.51

Revenue  (mm)

20910.90

20697.00

(1.02 %)

21145.73

82951.85

-

92291.43

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-03-2021 12:48 PM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

CONSENSUS

(2.32)

7.10

6.84

4.67

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

ACTUAL

(2.30)

7.67

6.89

4.83

SURPRISE

NM

8.03 %

0.73 %

3.43 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HUMANA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Lisa Stoner

Susan Marie Diamond
CFO & Segment President of Home
Business

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Matthew Richard Borsch
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Ralph Giacobbe
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Scott J. Fidel
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Stephen C. Baxter
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

ANALYSTS

Albert J. William Rice
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Benjamin Whitman Mayo
SVB Leerink LLC, Research
Division

Gary Paul Taylor
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Joshua Richard Raskin
Nephron Research LLC

Justin Lake
Wolfe Research, LLC

Kevin Caliendo
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Kevin Mark Fischbeck
BofA Securities, Research Division

Lance Arthur Wilkes
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HUMANA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Humana Inc. quarterly earnings conference
call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator
Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Ms. Lisa Stoner, Vice
President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Lisa Stoner

Thank you, and good morning. In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive
Officer; and Susan Diamond, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our third quarter 2021 results and our
updated financial outlook for 2021. Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the line for a
question-and-answer session with industry analysts. Joe Ventura, our Chief Legal Officer, will also be
joining Bruce and Susan for the Q&A session.

We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks and the
related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be available on
the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today.

Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain
of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and
uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors
discussed in our latest Form 10-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our
third quarter 2021 earnings press release as they relate to forward-looking statements and to note, in
particular, that these forward-looking statements could be impacted by risks related to the spread of in
response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our forward-looking statements should therefore be considered in
light of these additional uncertainties and risks, along with other risks discussed in our SEC filings.

We undertake no obligation to publicly address or update any forward-looking statements in future
filings or communications regarding our business or results. Today's press release, our historical financial
news releases and our filings with the SEC are also available on our Investor Relations website. Call
participants should note that today's discussion includes financial measures that are not in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. Management's explanation for the use of these
non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's
press release. Finally, any references to earnings per share or EPS made during this conference call refer
to diluted earnings per common share.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Lisa, and good morning, and thank you for joining us.

Today, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $4.83 for the third quarter of 2021, slightly above
consensus estimates. Our year-to-date results reflect the strength of our core operations as we continue
to see strong underlying fundamentals across all lines of business and have remained focused on ensuring
our members receive the right care at the right time despite the continued disruption caused by the
pandemic.

While our underlying fundamentals are strong, 2021 financial results have been impacted by the ongoing
pandemic, which has resulted in an adjustment to our full year adjusted EPS guidance. As detailed in
our earnings press release, we have updated our guidance to approximately $20.50 from our previous
guidance of $21.25 to $21.75. As Susan will share in more detail, this reduction of approximately $1 in
adjusted EPS, as a direct result of COVID and corresponds to our current expectation of the total Medicare

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HUMANA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Advantage utilization inclusive of COVID costs, will run 1% below baseline in the fourth quarter, which is
150 basis points less than our previous assumption of 2.5% below baseline.

This update reflects a more conservative posture going into the final months of the year. And notably,
$21.50 remains the baseline of which to grow for 2022.

As a reminder, prior to this guidance update, we had not recognized a COVID headwind in our '21
guidance as many of our peers did. Our adjusted EPS guidance has been above our long-term growth
target at the midpoint throughout the year at 16% growth. This update results in an expected adjusted
EPS growth at the lower end of our long-term range and, importantly, is not reflective of any concerns
with our core operations.

I will now turn to our operational and strategic update. Our Medicare Advantage individual above-market
growth in 2021 of 11% can be in part attributed to our industry-leading quality and consumer satisfaction
scores. We are pleased to be recognized by CMS for having 97% of our members in 4-Star or higher-
rated contracts for 2022. We also increased the number of contracts that received a 5-Star rating from one
contract in 2021 to 4 contracts in 2022, the most in our history. And while CMS did make adjustments to
the...

[Technical Difficulty]

Operator

This is the operator. Your conference will begin momentarily. Please stay on hold until the conference
begin.

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Well, welcome back, and we're sorry for the technical glitch here. Let me just maybe just go back to our
guidance update here and ensure that the investors understand the guidance and in addition, how it
reflects in the -- as we look at the future here.

First, the guidance reflects a much more conservative posture going into the final months of the year.
And notably, $21.50 remains the baseline of which to grow for 2022. As a reminder, prior to the guidance
update, we had not recognized a COVID headwind in our 2021 guidance as many of our peers did. Our
adjusted EPS guidance has been above our long-term growth target, at the midpoint throughout the year
at 16% growth. This update results and expected adjusted EPS growth at the lower end of our long-term
range and is importantly does not reflect any concern with our core operations.

I will now turn to our operational and strategic update. Our Medicare Advantage individual above-market
growth in 2021 of 11% can be in part attributed to our industry-leading quality and consumer satisfaction
scores. We are pleased to be recognized by CMS for having 97% of our members in 4-Star or higher
contract for 2022. We also increased the number of contracts that received a 5-Star rating from 1 contract
in 2021 to 4 contracts in 2022, the most in our history.

And while CMS did make adjustments to the 2022 Star ratings due to the possible impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic, these adjustments had minimal impact on our ratings. This further demonstrates
our enterprise-wide focus on quality, clinical outcomes and best-in-class customer service, which has
been recognized from notable organizations such as Forrester, J.D. Power and USAA. Importantly, the
Stars bonus allows us to maintain a strong value proposition for our members and provided valuable
supplemental benefits that address social determinants of health and other barriers not addressed by fee-
for-service Medicare.

Looking ahead to 2022, we are pleased to be able to provide stable or enhanced benefits for the majority
of our Medicare Advantage members, offering plans that support members' whole health needs while
continuing to deliver the human care our members have come to expect from us. Our strong clinical and
quality programs drive improved clinical outcomes and cost savings that allow our Medicare Advantage
plans to continue to expand member benefits beyond those covered by fee-for-service Medicare.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HUMANA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Our plans include highly valuable extra benefits, including dental, vision, hearing and over-the-counter
medication allowance, transportation support, business program memberships and home-delivered meals
following an inpatient hospital stay.

Over the last few years, we've made great progress in addressing social determinants of health and health
equity by expanding our Medicare Advantage benefits. Examples of those impactful areas include respite
care, distributing 1.5 million meals during COVID, sending fans to seniors with COPD during a heat wave
and providing support for financial need impacting a senior's health and well-being. Given the increase in
demand for health equity across America, we have aggressively expanded our efforts to address it.

We continue to advance our consumer segmentation efforts, developing plans that are tailored to the
unique needs of specific member populations. This has allowed us to provide benefits that enhance and
complement an individual's existing coverage through programs like Medicaid or entities such as Veterans
Affairs.

This approach leads to disproportionate growth. As you've seen in our D-SNP plans designed for dual-
eligible members, where we have grown our membership approximately 40% in both 2022 and 2021,
we've expanded our D-SNP offerings for 2022 to cover nearly 65% of the dual-eligible population
nationally.

To reduce food and security, 97% of our members enrolled in our D-SNP plans and will have a healthy food
card, which provides a monthly allowance to purchase approved food and beverages at various national
chains. New for 2022, many of our D-SNP members will have reduced Part D drug co-pays as a result of
the D-SNP prescription drug savings benefit, which will help address the financial barriers some members
face when assessing needed prescriptions, leading to better medication adherence, an important driver of
members health -- overall health outcomes.

As previously shared, we took a more conservative approach to our 2022 bids, recognizing the continued
uncertainty associated with COVID-19 and potential impacts to premium and claims assumption, allowing
us to prioritize long-term benefit stability for our members. While it is early in the selling season,
we believe we've struck the right balance and are competitively positioned for our continued growth
in Medicare Advantage. Our brand promise to deliver human care resonates with seniors given our
comprehensive set of offerings and focus on providing a patient-centric experience based on their specific
needs. Susan will provide more detailed 2022 commentary in our remarks, including high-level EPS and
membership guidance.

I now would like to highlight the continued progress of our strategy through the build-out of our health
care service platforms, starting with primary care business and then moving to our growing home
solutions offerings. We have the largest senior-focused, value-based primary care organization in the
country, which by year-end, will include approximately 200 clinics, serving 300,000 patients across 24
markets in 9 states.

We are accelerating organic and inorganic growth nationally and plan to open a total of 30 de novo senior-
focused centers in 2022, up from 24 in 2021. This will include launching in 2 new major metropolitan
areas, Dallas and Phoenix, next year. This faster-paced expansion comes as we continue to gain conviction
in our de novo center model with panel growth in centers launched in '20 and 2021 exceeding plan, and
clinical performance in our more mature markets continuing to improve.

In our more mature centers, hospitalizations and ER visits are down 12% year-to-date versus 2019 pre-
COVID levels, with Stars performance tracking to 4.5 Stars and NPS score of 90. We will also continue to
expand through inorganic growth, completing 7 acquisitions through the third quarter of this year, bringing
21 newly wholly-owned centers to our portfolio. We plan to continue this pace of acquisitions, focused
on the markets where we have established presence to provide more access and high-quality care to our
patients.

Turning to the home. We completed the acquisition of Kindred at Home in the third quarter and now the
largest home health and hospice organization in the nation. As previously shared, we will be migrating
Kindred at Home to Humana's payer-agnostic health care service brand, CenterWell.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HUMANA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Our efforts to transform home health to a value-based model come at a pivotal time for the industry.
As seniors increasingly choose Medicare Advantage, there is a meaningful opportunity for home health
organizations to engage differently with patients and Medicare Advantage payers to more holistically
address patient needs and improve health outcomes, reduce the total cost of care for health plans and
share appropriately in this value creation. We've made substantial progress towards our goal of scaling
and maturing a risk-bearing value-based model that manages the provision of home health, durable
medical equipment and home infusion services.

With the acquisition of onehome earlier in 2021, a delegated post-acute management services
organization for the home, we have the capabilities to be a value-based convener, providing risk-based
contracting and referral management and continue to develop technology, enabling us to coordinate other
adjacent services.

These services include gap in care, closure, primary or emergent care in the home as well as coordination
of meals, transportation and other services to positively support social determinants of health.

We currently care for approximately 270,000 Humana members under value-based home care models in
South Florida and Southeast Texas, where we have seen improved outcomes, including emergency room
usage being 100 basis points better than Humana's national average. We now are focused on expanding to
select markets in North Carolina and Virginia, which we chose based on multiple criteria, including market
density, opportunity to significantly reduce home care expense and a robust Kindred at Home footprint.
We expect to begin the rollout in the second quarter of 2022 with the goal of covering nearly 50% of
Humana Medicare Advantage members under this value-based home health model within the next 5 years.

We are excited about the continued progress of our strategy in the home. But consistent with our home
health peers, we recognize that the national nursing labor shortage poses a significant risk to the industry,
and we are taking proactive steps to address it as part of our well-developed integration process with
Kindred at Home.

In some markets, the nursing shortage is resulting inadequate capacity to meet demand, negatively
impacting our ability to grow the top line. We believe the Humana CenterWell brand, supported by our
patient-centric culture, will bolster recruiting and retention efforts for nurses.

We've seen increased nurse satisfaction and engagement in pilot markets where we have deployed value-
based concepts, with voluntary nursing turnover improving nearly 10% among home health nurses in
2021. In addition, to unlock sufficient capacity to meet our growth goals, we are implementing broader
operational improvements and benefit enhancements while also making targeted investments in capacity-
constrained areas to enhance nurse recruiting and retention.

With respect to hospice, our intent remains to ultimately divest the majority interest in this portion of the
asset. As our experience has demonstrated, we can deliver desired experiences and outcomes for patients
transitioning from restorative care to hospice through partnership models.

Since we closed the transaction in August, we have continued to explore alternatives for the long-term
ownership structure for the business and have initiated steps to reorganize the hospice business for stand-
alone operations while also ensuring business continuity and monitoring underlying trends. We do not
have any further update on the specific transaction structure or expected transaction timing, but we will
provide additional updates as appropriate moving forward.

Given the continued expansion of interest in our health care service platform, we are committed to
providing additional disclosure to give further transparency into the performance of these businesses,
beginning with our first quarter 2022 reporting.

Before closing, I want to touch on the current regulatory and legislative landscape. As you know, last
week, the White House and Congressional leaders released their plan known as Build Back Better, which
includes several proposed changes to the Medicare program, including establishing a hearing benefit
starting in calendar year 2024, which will be included in the Medicare Advantage benchmark.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HUMANA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Given that today, more than 40% of Medicare beneficiaries, over 27 million seniors and those with
disabilities are enrolled in Medicare Advantage, we were encouraged to see that the package did not
include any payment reductions to the program. As this legislation continues to advance and likely be
modified and as we look ahead to the annual CMS call letter and rate notice period, we will continue to
work with policymakers and the Biden administration to further improve Medicare Advantage, building on
the program's innovation and significant progress in areas like value-based care, social determinants of
health, affordability and financial protection for beneficiaries as well as reducing the total cost of care.

These attributes, along with the deep consumer popularity of Medicare Advantage, are what have
enabled it to have a strong bipartisan support with hundreds of members of Congress on the record
supporting the program. With Medicare Advantage serving as a leading example of a successful private-
public partnership, I am often missed it. We can continue to lead on important health care issues facing
both individuals and society, including addressing health and equities, improving health outcomes and
expanding value-based care.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Susan.

Susan Marie Diamond
CFO & Segment President of Home Business

Thank you, Bruce, and good morning, everyone.

Today, we reported adjusted EPS of $4.83 for the third quarter and updated full year 2021 adjusted EPS
guidance to approximately $20.50 to reflect a net unmitigated COVID headwind resulting from our current
view of utilization levels for the balance of the year. Before beginning, I would point you to Page 4 of our
earnings press release for detail of our previous assumptions for Medicare Advantage utilization in the
second half of the year, actual third quarter utilization results as well as current projections for the fourth
quarter.

I will now walk you through this detail, starting with a reminder of our previous commentary. As of our
second quarter call, full year guidance assumed non-COVID Medicare Advantage utilization would run
2.5% below baseline in the second half of the year, with a further assumption of minimal COVID testing
and treatment costs for the same period. In September 2021, as a result of the surge in COVID cases
due to the Delta variant, we updated our commentary on full year guidance to indicate we expected non-
COVID Medicare Advantage utilization to be 5.5% below baseline in the back half of the year, while being
partially [indiscernible] by 3% of COVID costs. Therefore, again, assuming total utilization would be 2.5%
below baseline in the back half of 2021.

What we've seen developed for the third quarter is that total utilization is running 1% below baseline
versus the previously anticipated 2.5%. COVID costs have been higher than initially anticipated as the
Delta variant resulted in hospitalization levels on par with what we experienced in January of 2021 and
were overwhelmingly driven by the 20% of our Medicare Advantage members believed to be unvaccinated.

These higher-than-expected COVID costs were fully offset by depressed non-COVID utilization in the
quarter. As COVID hospitalizations increase or decrease, we continue to see an approximate 1:1 offset in
non-COVID hospitalization levels. We also continue to see significantly reduced non-inpatient utilization
when surges occur, offsetting the higher average cost of a COVID admission.

However, for the third quarter, in total, we saw 1% incremental reduction in utilization beyond the
level needed to offset COVID costs versus a 2.5% contemplated in our previous guide. As a result, we
have adjusted our full year guide to now reflect the fourth quarter running similarly with total Medicare
Advantage utilization running 1% below baseline, inclusive of estimated COVID costs, consistent with what
we experienced in the third quarter.

We realized higher-than-expected positive current period claims development in Medicare Advantage in
the third quarter as well as other operating outperformance largely mitigating the lower-than-anticipated
depressed Medicare Advantage utilization, allowing us to report results that were slightly favorable to the
Street estimates. Our revised guidance does not assume that the higher levels of favorable current period

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HUMANA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

development seen in the third quarter will continue. Taken together, our updated full year 2021 adjusted
EPS guidance takes a more conservative posture going into the final months of 2021.

And it's important to note, as we've consistently shared throughout the year, the midpoint of our original
guidance range of $21.50 remains the correct baseline for 2022, given our approach to pricing.

I will now briefly touch on operating results across our segments before sharing early thoughts on 2022
performance. Our Medicare Advantage growth remains on track and consistent with previous expectations.
We have refined our full year individual Medicare Advantage membership guidance to up approximately
450,000 members, consistent with the midpoint of our previous guidance of up 425,000 to 475,000
members. This outlook represents above-market growth with an increase of 11.4% year-over-year.

Our Medicaid results continue to exceed initial expectations due to higher-than-anticipated membership
increases largely attributable to the extension of the public health emergency. We now expect to add
125,000 to 150,000 Medicaid members in 2021, up from our previous expectation of up 100,000 to
125,000 members.

Utilization trends continue to be favorable to initial expectations, and the Medicaid team is working
diligently toward a successful implementation in Ohio with go-live anticipated in July.

In our Group and Specialty segment, fully insured medical results were impacted by higher-than-expected
COVID costs in the quarter, while our specialty business results continued to exceed expectations as
utilization, particularly for dental services remained lower than previously anticipated. Recall that our
guidance as of the second quarter did not contemplate significant COVID costs in the back half of the year,
and the commercial business is not seeing the same level of utilization offset experienced in Medicare
Advantage.

From a membership perspective, we have increased our expected group medical membership losses from
$100,000 to $125,000, reflecting the expectation of additional losses in the fourth quarter as the result of
rating actions taken to account for the expected impact of COVID in 2022.

Finally, within our Healthcare Services operations, the pharmacy and provider businesses continue to
perform slightly better than expected, with pharmacy benefiting from increased mail order penetration
as a result of customer experience improvements and marketing campaigns. And the provider business
seeing continued operating improvements in our more mature centers, which are now aligned under the
same leadership as our de novo centers.

As Bruce mentioned in his remarks, we are actively integrating the Kindred at Home operations, and
results post integration have largely been in line with expectations. Similar to home health and hospice
peers, the business is being impacted by COVID and labor shortages. For the third quarter, home health
admissions grew low single digits year-over-year while hospice experienced a low single-digit decline year-
over-year. We will continue to closely monitor trends as we make targeted investments to sustainably
improve the recruitment and retention of nurses.

Now let me take a few moments to share an early outlook for 2022, starting with membership. As you're
aware, the overall PDP market continues to decline as more and more beneficiaries, including dual
eligibles, choose Medicare Advantage. In addition, as we have discussed previously, PDP plans should
become a commodity with a low-price leader capturing disproportionate growth.

Consistent with 2021, the Walmart Value Plan will offer competitive benefits but will not be the low-
premium leader in 2022. As a result, we expect a net decline in PDP membership of a few hundred
thousand members in 2022. We continue to focus on creating enterprise value for our PDP plans by driving
increased mail order penetration and conversions to Medicare Advantage.

With respect to group advanced -- group Medicare Advantage, we expect membership to be generally
flat for 2022 as we do not anticipate any large accounts will be gained or lost as we continue to maintain
pricing discipline in a highly competitive market.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HUMANA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Moving to individual Medicare Advantage. As previously shared, we took a more conservative approach
to our 2022 bids, reflecting the continued uncertainty associated with the pandemic. We expect to grow
our individual Medicare Advantage membership in a range of 325,000 to 375,000 members in 2022 or
approximately 8% year-over-year, reflective of our prudent approach we took to pricing for 2022 and the
competitive nature of the market.

It is early in our AEP selling season and the outlook we are providing today could change depending on
how sales and voluntary disenrollments ultimately come in. And consistent with prior years, we have very
little member disenrollment data at this point in the AEP cycle.

I will now turn to our expected 2022 financial performance. As previously mentioned, I want to reiterate
that the $21.50 midpoint of our original 2021 guide continues to be the appropriate jumping-off point for
2022 adjusted EPS growth given our approach to pricing. In addition, we feel comfortable that the risk
adjustment assumptions in our 2022 pricing are appropriate, as providers have been actively engaging
with our members to ensure their conditions are fully documented and that care plans are established to
address gaps in care.

Provider interactions and documentation of clinical diagnoses that we anticipate will impact 2022 revenue
are approximately 92% complete to date, in line with both our expectations for 2021 as well as the
estimated completion rate for the same time period in 2019. We also assumed medical costs would return
to baseline levels, reflective of pre-COVID historical trending.

From an earnings perspective, we believe the conservative approach we took to 2022 pricing struck
the appropriate balance between membership and earnings growth. Given the ongoing uncertainty
surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic, we expect to enter the year with an appropriately conservative view
of our initial 2022 financial outlook. Accordingly, we anticipate that our initial EPS guidance will target the
low end of our long-term growth range of 11% to 15%.

We expect that COVID will be net neutral to the Medicare business in 2022 as we do not anticipate a risk
adjustment headwind and expect COVID utilization to be offset by a reduction in non-COVID utilization.
However, our initial guide will allow for an explicit COVID-related headwind that we can tolerate, should
it emerge, similar to the approach some of our peers took in 2021. We believe entering the year with this
more conservative approach is prudent in the current environment and sets the company up for success
in 2022. We look forward to providing more specific guidance on our fourth quarter earnings call in early
February.
With that, we will open the lines up for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please introduce
the first caller.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HUMANA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America.

Kevin Mark Fischbeck
BofA Securities, Research Division

All right. Great. I appreciate all the color on the 2022 guidance. I guess I think a lot of people are just
wondering, the company has had a hard time forecasting where costs are going to be in the upcoming
quarter for the last few quarters, obviously, to some degree, understandable during a pandemic. But just
wanted to see how you felt about your visibility into costs and how good of a handle you feel like that, that
cost trend as you develop your pricing for next year has come in? I guess how do you think about that
visibility into the cost as you thought about next year?

Susan Marie Diamond
CFO & Segment President of Home Business

Sure, Kevin. Happy to take that one. So to your point, estimating the impact of COVID has proven to be
more challenging particularly given the environment that we were in, in 2020 is quite different than what
we're experiencing, obviously, in 2021. In 2020, no one was vaccinated, various states have lockdown
throughout the year. And as we acknowledged in our Q2 call, anticipating how behavior might emerge
in an environment where largely people were back to normal and a large percentage of our Medicare
population were vaccinated, we just recognized that it was difficult to anticipate whether we see the same
level of offset through the surge.

The good news is, as we saw the surge emerge in the third quarter, despite it being just as high as what
we experienced the last time, we did continue to see a full offset. The hospitalization offsets have been
pretty consistent throughout 2020 and 2021. It's on the non-inpatient side where we tend to see more
variation. And as we explained in the second quarter, that claims service category is one where we don't
have the same level of near-term visibility.

Having said that, we've studied all of the historical patterns based on what we saw in the third quarter,
and our estimates of the continued decline in the COVID curve in the fourth quarter, we feel very
comfortable with the assumptions that are underlying our revised guide and feel like we have sufficient
visibility to feel confident we can deliver against that.

Your question about 2022 was a good one. As we've explained in all of our calls, given this late surge in
2021, getting visibility to where baseline trend is actually running, obviously, will be more challenging.
However, given how we approach the pricing for 2022, meaning that we started with pre-COVID historical
levels and assumed historical trending factors not anticipating any ongoing depressed utilization into
2022, we feel confident that, that's an appropriate baseline expectation. So we'll continue to watch it. And
certainly, if we see something different emerge, if any of the depression continues, that would be positive
for us, but we are not contemplating it, which is what gives us confidence about our approach to 2022.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Matt Borsch from BMO Capital Markets.

Matthew Richard Borsch
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Yes. So I was just hoping that you could maybe comment on the competition in Medicare Advantage. I
know you said it's competitive, but just relatively speaking, we've seen geographic expansions by really
almost all of the major public companies over the last few years and a number of new entrants. And yet it
doesn't seem like it's had a noticeable impact on profit margins. I guess I'm just wondering how you see

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HUMANA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

the dynamic. Is the greater availability of products actually, in essence, expanding the Medicare Advantage
market more than it's necessarily lead into competition that would push down margins?

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Matt, maybe I'll take that. What we see is a few things. I mean first, we do see more and more
intensity in the local markets. And similar to in the past, we see some players being more aggressive to
try to gain market share while others are a little more aligned with the pricing that -- and a little more
stability in the marketplace. So we do see a bell curve in just how people are approaching it as their
strategic plan is pushing them to make those decisions.

We are seeing more awareness in the marketplace as a result of the amount of education that's going on
through marketing and through the telesales efforts that are going on. And I think that is a positive for the
industry because it really brings alive all the benefits that members receive. It creates more competitive
nature for that, for those members, but it does create, I think, more growth industry-wide.

For us as an organization, we were one of the early adopters of the tele market -- the telesales area, and
we have benefited from that, I think, in multiple different ways, benefited from it in the way of both our
market growth and in addition, our ability to reach a population that we haven't been able to reach in the
past. So I do think it's a benefit for us. But to answer your question, more competitive in the local market,
more awareness as in the industry. That is a good thing in the industry, and I feel that we have been a
beneficiary of that.

Susan Marie Diamond
CFO & Segment President of Home Business

And Matthew, one thing I would add to that as well as I think our focus on, as Bruce mentioned in his
comments, the consumer segmentation efforts by designing products that more specifically address
unique consumer needs, you've seen in our dual offerings as well as our veteran offerings that we can
drive disproportionate growth. And so we do think that's a differentiator and something you'll see us
continue to focus on.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Steve Baxter of Wells Fargo.

Stephen C. Baxter
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I was hoping to come back to the commentary on assuming baseline utilization in 2022. Just to clarify,
it seems pretty clear that there will be some level of ongoing COVID costs into 2022. So does that mean
you're continuing to assume non-COVID costs to be below baseline in 2022? And then just any color
or context you can provide on the magnitude of this EPS hedge that you're talking about in relation to
baseline would be appreciated.

Susan Marie Diamond
CFO & Segment President of Home Business

Sure. Great question. So just to be clear, so what we -- right now, based on all of our experience, we
would expect that to the degree we experienced additional COVID costs in 2022, that we would see an
offsetting depression in non-COVID utilization, but the net of that would be neutral, right? We're not
expecting net favorability that we've seen this year, that 1% we're projecting for the fourth quarter,
consistent to what we saw in the third quarter.

So what we would say is we are expecting that if we have COVID cost, they'll be offset, but that we
would still be at baseline. But as I mentioned in my comments, what we intend to do with our initial guide
though is despite the belief that, that's a reasonable assumption, we will allow for an explicit net COVID
headwind, should it emerge, such that and then we would run actually above baseline levels, should that
emerge and our guide will contemplate and allow for some of that if it should emerge.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HUMANA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

And while not giving a specific amount, obviously, today, when we do give specific guidance on our fourth
quarter call, we will be explicit about how much of a COVID headwind we can tolerate within the guide. So
we will be explicit about that at that time.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser of Morgan Stanley.

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So one for us and then a long-term question. Just to understand, Susan, if you think about 80% of your
MA members are vaccinated based on your estimate. So just kind of trying to reconcile what you're saying
versus what some of your peers are saying. What do you think happened that drove COVID hospitalization
to levels experienced back in January? Was that sort of a specific geography or anything else that can
explain it? And then the longer-term question is really around sort of virtual. Many of your peers launched
a virtual-first offering on the commercial side for 2022. Do you see room for some sort of virtual-first-type
offering in the Medicare population, especially when you consider sort of the Kindred capabilities?

Susan Marie Diamond
CFO & Segment President of Home Business

That'd be great. So to take your question, so with respect to the high COVID levels and you're right,
and honestly, this was something that was a bit surprising to us as well that we did see levels on par
with what we experienced in the last surge despite the high vaccination rate. And what we learned is to
your point, some of that was a reflection of our geographic mix. Say like Florida and Texas and Louisiana
did see higher levels than even the previous surge. It represents a new all-time high, and we have
disproportionate share there. So that was part of it.

But the main driver is that as we looked at the hospitalization rate between vaccinated and unvaccinated,
the unvaccinated fairly consistently saw hospitalization rate that was 10 or more times the vaccinated
population. And so that, again, as I mentioned in my comments, was the overwhelming driver. And
because of the spread of the Delta variant through that unvaccinated population and at much higher
hospitalization rate, that is what drove the level on par with what we saw historically.

To your second question about virtual first in Medicare, we were pleased with the COVID pandemic to see
that primary care providers and specialists really did adopt telemedicine at a higher rate to ensure that
they could continue to support their patients and their permitted needs. I think as a result of that, frankly,
providers gained a better appreciation of the range of care and the quality of care that they can provide
through virtual, which frankly, pre pandemic, they really didn't appreciate and weren't adopting.

So I think we will see some continued use of virtual technology to enhance the operating model and allow
for more touch points with their patients than we did pre pandemic. Your question about home health is
definitely a good one. It's something we're looking at, particularly with the challenges we have in terms of
nursing labor shortages. Virtual is one strategy we're looking at to see how it can be leveraged to, again,
create more touch points with the patient and improve the efficiency of the operating model to just create
more overall capacity. And so we'll be testing with Kindred appropriate uses of that and where we can
implement it and still see the high-quality outcomes that we would expect. So we'll be testing that, and
the hope would be that you'll see expansion of that in the future.

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Just a few other comments to that. We did launch a few years ago, a virtual first with doctors on-demand
product, and that was a success for us on the commercial side. But on the Medicare side, what we do
find is that there's a great opportunity to see the patient, both to understand the patient in a physical
setting. And unlike more episodic of care versus a chronic care management, there's a good -- there is an
importance of being able to have a physical and encouraging a physical interaction.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HUMANA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

We see that telehealth as being an opportunity to have a complementary and more interaction. But I don't
know if it would be a replacement or we would want to motivate highly chronic members to have a virtual-
first interaction for a whole host of reasons, both from a care point of view and from the ability for us to
establish the proper care plan.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin from Nephron Research.

Joshua Richard Raskin
Nephron Research LLC

I wanted to ask about sort of the shorter short term. So just the assumption that non-COVID utilization
will be down in 4Q, I'm just curious, are you seeing script trends, pre-authorizations or anything that
would indicate sort of that level of decline just in light of what seems to be an abatement in COVID cases
currently? And then specifically, are you seeing any different trends with members that are in your centers
or with other value-based providers? Or the underlying trends underneath that capitation any different?

[Technical Difficulty]

Susan Marie Diamond
CFO & Segment President of Home Business

Hi, Josh. Are you there?

Joshua Richard Raskin
Nephron Research LLC

Yes. Can you guys hear me okay?

Susan Marie Diamond
CFO & Segment President of Home Business

We can. Sorry about that.

Lisa Stoner

Yes, we can.

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Your question must have been so insightful that it just dropped off the line.

Joshua Richard Raskin
Nephron Research LLC

I thought it was so scary that you ran for it. So I'll ask my question again, sorry. So just in the very, very
short term, my question is, why are you assuming that non-COVID utilization will be down as much as
4% in the fourth quarter, especially in light of what we're seeing in terms of the big reduction in COVID
costs -- in COVID -- direct COVID cases in the fourth quarter? And is there script trends? Is there pre-
authorizations? Is there something that would indicate that level of decline that you're seeing today? And
then long -- or sort of adjacent to that, are you seeing different trends with members that are in your
centers or even with other value-based providers sort of the underlying trends underneath the capitation?

Susan Marie Diamond
CFO & Segment President of Home Business

Sure. So to your question, so with respect to the fourth quarter, as we said before, we have really
analyzed all of the prior surges to understand the patterns coming out of a surge. And you might recall
from our previous commentary, what you typically see is a tail of depressed utilization anytime you come
off a curve, which is what allows you to sort of fully recapture the cost of that COVID peak. And so we've

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HUMANA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

-- with this surge in particular, what's kind of interesting is different states, as I mentioned before, are
seeing different levels of utilization relative to previous surges. Texas, Florida, were examples where we
saw a very high peak and a very rapid decline.

There are some other states like New York and Michigan, where we're actually seeing a much more
moderate and sort of gradual increase without sort of seeing the same sharp peak in decline. So as we've
seen that in total that on a national basis, what we're seeing is the slope of the downturn from -- coming
off of the peak isn't quite as sharp as what we've seen historically.

We've drilled into each of those states and are consistently seeing irrespective of that difference in peak
level, we are still seeing that 1:1 offset regardless. And so to some degree, we think there's just an overall
capacity constraints, particularly on the inpatient side that comes into play. And the rest is just that
behavior change in terms of providers and patients as they manage through it.

So based on what we've seen emerge and particularly in the third quarter with that 1% offset, everything
we've seen suggests that assuming the same level of offset as we continue to come off that third quarter
peak is reasonable. To your point about early indicators, we do, as we've said before, have really good
real-time information on inpatient activity. That continues to hold, where as the COVID utilization comes
down, we'll see a bounce back on a 1:1 offset in the non-COVID hospitalization. So that has been very
consistent. And we'll continue to watch the non-inpatient, but again, based on everything we've seen, we
believe that is a reasonable assumption.

In terms of your question about value-based providers, interestingly enough, most of our -- both our
own centers and some of our high-performing partners, they have indicated that they are not seeing the
same sort of neutrality or even benefit from a COVID event that we do. And the theory there is that in
general, they manage sort of the unnecessary hospitalization events as lower value out of the system
more routinely.

And so when you do see a surge, there's not as much utilization to manage to be depressed because they
have already managed it out on a more run rate basis. And so we're still, frankly, trying to assess and use
some analytics on that. I think they may take a little bit more time for their claims to fully develop and
have a full view of that. But their belief is that they don't see the same level of net benefit that we do on
the health plan side generally.

Joshua Richard Raskin
Nephron Research LLC

Got it. So they see the COVID cost, but not the offset you're saying?

Susan Marie Diamond
CFO & Segment President of Home Business

Correct. Now on the flip side of that though, they tend to do better on a revenue basis than our non-
risk payers, and they were much better about making sure they got their patients in, in 2020, got their
conditions documented. So on the revenue side, I'd say they would make some of that up. But on the
utilization side, they typically are saying they're not seeing a benefit.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo of UBS.

Kevin Caliendo
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

In thinking about '22, I appreciate all the color, but I just wanted to know if there was any other sort
of onetime things we should be thinking about, any other headwinds or tailwinds whether it comes to
investments or benefits that you might be making that could impact the sort of EPS growth for the year?

Susan Marie Diamond
CFO & Segment President of Home Business

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HUMANA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

So I would say, obviously, as we mentioned, COVID is the main one that we continue to evaluate. We've
been clear that based on history, we think it would be an offset, but we will take a more conservative
initial approach and allow for a headwind should it emerge. And that really is reflective of the fact that,
again, the environment continues to shift, the level of vaccination, hopefully, will continue to increase. But
now there's the introduction of the need for boosters. And so will people be as compliant with boosters as
they were in the initial vaccine, the emergence of variants and all of those things we'll continue to monitor
as well as the ability for people to have reinfection breakthrough cases.

So that's the main one. I would say, obviously, with what comes out of the administrative priorities,
certainly, the taxes are one that we continue to watch. It's not obviously an investment, but something
that we'll have to watch if there's any '22 impact. But otherwise, as we said before, and Bruce mentioned
in his remarks, we continue to support our primary care business. We certainly will continue to look for
capital-efficient way to support that business. I would say we aren't expecting anything in 2022 that would
have -- that we couldn't withstand within our guide. So obviously, right now, there's nothing that I would
point to that's a looming concern that we have that gives us any concern that we can't manage through in
our -- whatever we go out with in terms of our initial guidance.

Kevin Caliendo
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Can I just maybe follow up? Is the guidance inclusive or exclusive of the incremental headwind that you're
discussing here? Meaning like is the sort of low end or 11% net of the headwinds or not? I just -- I'm a
little confused on how I should think about that.

Susan Marie Diamond
CFO & Segment President of Home Business

Yes. With what we do out in our initial guide, it will explicitly contemplate a net headwind should it emerge
that we could -- would create no net impact than beyond our guide. So it is inclusive of that. So if it does
not emerge, then you would see that conservatism release throughout the year. But it will contemplate a
potential headwind within the guide.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel from Stephens.

Scott J. Fidel
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Just wanted to ask another question just on the Medicare Advantage annual enrollment period. And I know
you already talked about the competitive dynamics. Just interested in terms of what you're seeing on the
consumer behavior side. And in particular, just whether you're seeing any types of shifts in distribution
channels in terms of where more of the sales are occurring or not. Just thinking about, obviously, 2021
was an unusual year for the AEP as it was playing out a mixed COVID. So interesting whether -- interested
whether you're seeing more of a continuation of that 2021-type dynamic in terms of consumer buying
practices or whether we're seeing, I guess, more of a blended sort of post-pandemic and pre-pandemic
dynamic more for 2022?

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And Scott, thanks for the question. We are continuing to see an increasing use of the telephonic
channel, external, our external partners. And as Matt had asked about just on the competitive side, their
marketing and their aggressiveness in the marketing, I think, is bringing more individuals to that channel.
As I mentioned also, it's also how we feel it's a benefit for the industry because the industry is getting
significant awareness and education from that. But what we're seeing is a continuation of that trend even
pre-2021 AEP, it was also happening in the 2020 AEP.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HUMANA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe from Citi.

Ralph Giacobbe
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Sorry to come back to this, but I guess what does the $21.50 baseline incorporate at this time? Is it what
you would have earned with normal utilization and no COVID in it? Is it some level of COVID but lower
than normal core? I guess I'm really just trying to understand what the $21.50 represents.

Susan Marie Diamond
CFO & Segment President of Home Business

Yes. So the $21.50 is probably the midpoint of our original guide. And if you remember, the way we
approached our initial guide was a bit different than many of our peers in the sense that we did not
contemplate a net COVID headwind. And so that initial guide at the midpoint was actually above our more
typical long-term growth range, recognizing some of the tailwinds that supported our pricing in -- for
2021.

So by reaffirming that, that is the appropriate baseline really just reinforces that the way we approached
our 2022 pricing acknowledge that despite however the results emerge in 2021, that our revenue
assumptions would assume that Medicare risk adjustment return to more normalized levels for 2022. And
that claims also return to more normalized levels as if COVID did not occur. And so again, for claims, we
started with pre-pandemic levels in 2019 and using historical trend factors trended that forward. And so
that's why we continue to reinforce given that approach, $21.50 is the appropriate jumping-off point from
which we would grow and expect to be in our long-term arrangement in 2022, recognizing, however, from
an initial guide perspective, we do intend to take a more conservative approach to ensure we're set up for
success and target the lower end of that range.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake of Wolfe Research.

Justin Lake
Wolfe Research, LLC

First, I had a quick numbers question. We're kind of putting to next year, Medicare Advantage yields
probably being in the high single digits in the individual business. Just given the -- you have the strong
rates and the bounce back in risk scores, offset, I guess, by a bit of sequestration. Is that a reasonable
number? And then, Bruce, can you tell us how to think about where you think the growth opportunity is
within your physician management kind of center business? I know you said you're adding 30. I know
also that your Welsh, Carson deal is up in the end of 2022, and you have to think about how to finance
those again going forward. So how many do you think you can add post 2022? And how do you think you
finance these things going forward post that Welsh, Carson deal expiry?

Susan Marie Diamond
CFO & Segment President of Home Business

Sure. So I'll take the first around premium yield and then Bruce can take the second. So we obviously
haven't given specific detailed guidance points for 2022 yet. So I can't comment specifically, but certainly,
as you think about the premium yield in '22, there are some tailwinds, as you mentioned, is the favorable
rate notice as well as the -- as I said, the expectation that risk adjustment will return to more normal
levels and then the typical sort of dynamics from just member growth. So to your point, all of those
should produce tailwinds. But at this point, we haven't given specific guidance, obviously, on premium.

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

On the primary care, I'll answer the 2 questions on the growth side. I think, first, obviously, adding the
number of organic units in the earlier years creates a drag as they mature, and we're seeing some great
maturation in the cohorts that have been open a year or 2, both on a membership side from a point of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HUMANA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

view of revenue and in addition, on the cost side. So we feel very confident. And that's one of the reasons
why we increased the number of cohorts this year as a result of our confidence and conviction in the
business outcome.

What we see over a longer period of time is as we call it the J-curve, we'll start to become into profitability
of the ones that we opened in the earlier years. And that will start to give us growth. So if you were to
shut off the development, you actually see a pretty quick growth rate within the existing business. We are
accenting that by 2 other opportunities for growth. One is the existing operations of the businesses that
have been open for a while, the mature centers. And we're seeing some really great same-store growth in
that area, and they have done a great turnaround over the last few years in being able to approve that.

And although it doesn't show up in the profitability because of the J-curve override it a lot, we are seeing
some really great improvement there both operationally and then also from a quality and experience point
of view. And then the third area of growth for us as an organization is really in the inorganic area. As
many of you know, we do have a relationship with a number of providers, especially in our more mature
markets that we have the right of first refusal. And that offers us an advantage in being able to continue
to densify markets that we're in and add additional sites and we did that in 2021, we anticipate doing that
in 2022. And those are very synergistic inorganic opportunities from the standpoint that we're able to
evolve the management of it into our existing management team. We're able to, in addition, bring some of
our operating capabilities to those centers.

So [ going 3 ], the continuum advancement of our J-curve and what we see there, the more mature
centers continuing to improve that. And then the third, the inorganic growth and being able to leverage in
some of the markets we have. I think over a period of time, you're going to see a 5 to 7 period of time,
I think you're going to see a fairly sizable business come out of this as a result of the investments we're
making today and both in the organic and inorganic area, really today is the leading size clinic or clinics
oriented to senior business. I think we'll continue to maintain that leadership long term.

And relative to financing, we don't have -- we haven't come to structure yet. And Justin, I think that will
be an active conversation with the investors in probably the second quarter of 2022. We will come back
to the investors and discuss how we will finance another cohort or number of clinics for the foreseeable
future. We, today, have enough of the capital to invest from our off-balance sheet financing on Welsh,
Carson to get us through to the 2022 openings. And so we -- this doesn't cause any slowdown into our
openings. But we do and are looking at all the different alternatives for financing and the most cost
effective for our shareholders as we think about the future.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette from Barclays.

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. A lot of questions already on Medicare Advantage, just to maybe throw another one out there. Just
curious to hear more about the pace of your county expansion. And obviously, you already have -- you're
in more counties than anybody else already. Even some of your larger peers seem to be growing their
county footprint by double digits for '22. I think you guys are somewhere around mid-single digits based
on what we calculated. But just curious to hear more about your thoughts of pace of county expansion for
next year, maybe just in general, kind of your strategy and thoughts around that.

Susan Marie Diamond
CFO & Segment President of Home Business

Sure. I'll take that. So as you mentioned, Humana really was ahead of many of our peers in terms of the
rate of expansion we had a number of years ago. And so you don't see from an accounting perspective,
the same level of growth for us, as you might see for some others, particularly those who have focused on
Medicare Advantage in the last couple of years.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

HUMANA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

What you'll typically instead see from us is product expansion within our existing geographies. That could
be additional -- a couple of years ago, it was really focused on our $0 premium LPPO product, as an
example. You see us continue to expand our dual-eligible SNP footprint, and you will see county expansion
there in 2022 as well as our veteran offering. Both the duals and the veterans, as we said before, are
great examples of where we focused on product and consumer segmentation and designing product that
uniquely meets the needs of those consumers.

And when we do that well, you see an opportunity for disproportionate growth. So we'll continue to
evaluate opportunities to do that. But again, I think you'll see more product expansion from Humana
versus county expansion just because to your point, we've already got pretty broad coverage with some
products.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice from Crédit Suisse.

Albert J. William Rice
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Two more, one on perspective, and more and more on just clarifying what you're saying about 2022.
I guess I'm trying to understand, so is it fair to say that the MA bids were due early in the summer?
Obviously, from your perspective, at least the way it's coming across to us, there's been a lot of
developments in the back half of 2021. There may be more difference than what you would have said
when those bids would do. Is the right way to interpret what you're saying today is that you are so
conservative when you constructed those bids that even though the second half has turned out worse,
you're still comfortable with the outlook? Is that the way to interpret what you're saying?

And then give us something on the Kindred. I had assumed, I think that, that was going to be an
incremental tailwind for next year. Obviously, home health business seems to have deteriorated a bit. Is
that still a tailwind in your mind for next year? And any way to size how much that might help you?

Susan Marie Diamond
CFO & Segment President of Home Business

Sure, A.J. I can take that. So for your first question on 2022, recall that in 2021, when we came out with
our second quarter commentary, we acknowledged that we had a net COVID headwind that had emerged.
And as I mentioned a few minutes ago, we did not contemplate that explicitly in our original guidance for
2021. So as we saw that emerge as we explained in the second quarter, we were able to mitigate a fair
amount of that through other business outperformance, some favorable prior period development and
other items.

But in order to achieve our guide, it did require that utilization continue to run below baseline throughout
the year. That is not what we're considering in our 2022 pricing. We assume that it was bounce back. And
so it's really just a reflection -- the challenges in 2021 are just acknowledging that while we are seeing net
utilization below baseline levels, it's running less than we had previously anticipated or needed in order to
achieve the guide and overcome that net COVID headwind that we discussed at the second quarter.

Again, given the way we approach '22 pricing, while our pricing didn't explicitly contemplate COVID
costs beyond just sort of vaccination and testing, as we've consistently said, we did take a more overall
conservative approach to pricing, recognizing there would be uncertainty that we would need to be able
to navigate through and also recognizing that it was a favorable rate environment, we had the MRA
headwinds. We wanted to make sure that we could maintain long-term benefit stability for our members
and contemplated there may be a less favorable rate environment in 2023.

So again, those are all the reasons that we approach pricing the way we did and the reason we continue
to have confidence, because we did not anticipate any ongoing net benefit in respect to price utilization
into 2022. On Kindred, and we've had this question a couple of times. I think we've addressed it both in
the second quarter call and again, maybe at Morgan Stanley, is that we -- that was one of the items that
helped us address the net COVID headwind in 2021, the contribution from the full integration. We knew at

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

HUMANA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

the time of bid that we would be integrating Kindred. So that was something we were able to consider as
we aligned around our targets and our good pricing for 2022.

We've always said the capital deployment is one of the levers we have available, and we'll use to
sustainably deliver our long-term growth target of 11% to 15%, so that was something we specifically
contemplated in pricing. So it wouldn't represent an incremental tailwind for 2022, but certainly expect
the value that we expect to create from that value-based model and the continued growth of Kindred will
certainly continue to contribute in the future to our sustainable ability to deliver against our long-term
target.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill from JPMorgan.

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Susan, I just want to go back to your comment around PDP shift to MA. Can you talk about your ability
to retain any of those members and bring them over to MA? I think you talked about losing a couple of
hundred thousand lives. And then secondly, I know it's still fluid of what's going on down in D.C. around
transparency and direct negotiation on the drug pricing side, but just curious if that will have any impact
or you anticipate any impact around your PBM business.

Susan Marie Diamond
CFO & Segment President of Home Business

Sure, Lisa. I'll take the first one. So PDP to MA, so that is something that we have been focused on
for many years. And what we see is we actively work to educate our PDP members about the value
proposition of Medicare Advantage. In recent years, as we've expanded our dual-eligible SNP offerings,
that increased our ability to drive those conversions because a large percentage of our PDP members are
low-income, dual-eligible members.

And so what we consistently see is that we will be able to generate a disproportionate share of our
PDP members who ultimately choose Medicare Advantage. And so we will disproportionately capture
share within a Humana plan relative to what you would see our share capture in just overall Medicare
Advantage. So really pleased with that.

Having said that, some of our members do choose other competitor MA plans. And so we continue to
focus on identifying if there are opportunities to enhance the product to attract more PDP members who
ultimately are likely to migrate to MA, are there things we can do to enhance the marketing, product
segmentation, all of those things we've talked about to continue to drive increased share capture for those
PDP members who ultimately determine that MA provides a better value proposition for them.

On your second question around some of the recent tax has come out, we certainly are watching it closely.
We'd say it really represents a framework at this point. We'll have to see some of the detailed tax that
ultimately comes through and what the final proposals are and certainly are -- certainly supportive of
anything that can be done to reduce the cost of prescription drugs for our members. And it's something
we would certainly contemplate and take into consideration in our pricing each year. But I think at this
point, it's too early, we'll need to see what comes out of the final tax.

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Just on that -- from our vantage point, we continue to put rebates back into our pricing. So I guess back
directly to the customer, we do not retain those rebates. So any kind of opportunity to lower the cost of
the drugs will directly benefit our members and not have an impact on us as a result of just we pass it
through.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

HUMANA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Your next question comes from the line of Lance Wilkes from Bernstein.

Lance Arthur Wilkes
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Great. Could you provide a little more color on the primary care centers? And what I was interested in
is looking at the centers and the patients served, can you describe a little bit about the composition of
patients, what percent are MA versus Medicare fee-for-service? And then how many of them are employer
or other? What percent of those are in full-risk contracts versus maybe stages of that? And then how much
of the membership -- or how much of the patient base is Humana membership as opposed to with other
payers?

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Okay. A few things there. There's a lot in that question. So let me try to provide as much as I can here.
They are built really for full-risk Medicare Advantage members. That's what they're built for. That's how
the staffing is constructed. That's how the recruiting of the physicians, that's how the business model is
built. And so that sort of leads you to the conclusion the majority of them are going to be MA members.

Now we have some Medicare fee-for-service side members in there. They are really oriented to how, over
time, that can evolve to be a longer-term member for us through a Medicare Advantage relationship. They
are agnostic platforms, and so there's a good composition of Humana members as well as other payers in
the clinic. That's why it's really called CenterWell. It's to reinforce that agnostic nature, and we are very
oriented to that being agnostic. And a number of our sites, there's probably more non-Humana members
than there are Humana members on there.

So you do see us oriented to a much broader opportunity for Medicare Advantage. In addition, in a few of
the sites, we do have direct contracting members as a result of that. And so we are in the opportunity to
take Medicare fee-for-service relationships that then -- that are more oriented to value based.

Your last part of your question just was the relationship. Over time, they will take full risk. Now there
might be an earlier part of the opening that they will take a path to risk orientation where they'll have
some upside and downside limits, but they will, over time, convert to a full risk model. And that's really
just as the panel size gets bigger and bigger, the ability to manage the risk is much easier because of the
diversification of the panel size.

Lance Arthur Wilkes
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Great. And what's the time to break even in those de novo sites for you guys?

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Breakeven is between 3 to 5 years and fill up. I'd say the earlier year is probably 3 years is more
around profitability and contribution margin. The fifth year is more around return on capital, obtaining the
return on capital side.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of George Hill from Deutsche Bank.

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Susan, I was just wondering if you'd be willing to provide a little bit more color on how you're thinking
about medical cost trend as it relates to 2022? And I guess to provide some granularity about how I'm
thinking about the question is, is 2019 kind of the right baseline number from an MLR perspective, plus
then adjustments for mix because we've seen so much growth in virtual and retail care clinics? And then
if the -- if you've included some, what I'll call, some excess COVID headwind, but if we see a continued

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

HUMANA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

reversion of utilization, like could we see a number that looks like greater than 100% of that 2019
baseline from an MLR perspective? Are you thinking about utilization being higher offset by changing cost
mix? I'm not asking for the hard number, but just would love how you're thinking about the moving pieces
as it relates to the growth in medical costs.

Susan Marie Diamond
CFO & Segment President of Home Business

That'd be great, sure. Yes, for lots of specificity. So I'll try to answer this as much as I can, maybe a little
bit more generally. But as you said before, right now, in our '22 pricing, our approach to baseline trend
was to go back to pre-COVID levels, use historical trend factors and roll that forward. Now we certainly
-- our models have a lot of granularity to them. And so certainly, they would take into account any site of
service shifts that we may be seeing and then our estimate of what those might be going forward.

They'd also look at what we've referred to as health care pipeline technologies to anything else that
we expect that may be coming to market that would impact trends differently than what we've seen
historically. And that's just part of our consistent process. So all of that work was done to support our '22
pricing.

We have not changed our view of that currently. Although as you can imagine, there is a lot of work being
done across the enterprise to study as best we can what has emerged over the course of 2020 and 2021,
how we can decipher COVID-impacted utilization, depression versus what might be just lower baseline
trend. I think our view and as you've seen us consistently be able to meet and beat earnings historically,
would imply that our core sort of trend forecasting models may have a little bit of conservatism in that.
We've not assumed that going forward. Trending off '19 is certainly more years of trending than we would
typically like. And so that's why we're going to do a lot more analysis between now and issuing our final
guidance points for 2022 to see if there's any additional information that would inform our perspective on
2022 baselines.

But what we're considering now we think is an appropriately conservative view. To your point, is the
COVID headwind that we will contemplate in that guide does not emerge -- does emerge, then we would
be seeing utilization above baseline levels -- or I'm sorry, hit that backwards, is that what I heard? Yes.
That we would be able to tolerate it running above baseline even though we don't expect that to occur.
If it does not occur, then that would obviously represent an additional tailwind for us that you should see
unwind over the course of the year. Does that answer...

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. And if I could go with a quick -- it does. And I guess my quick follow-up is just where do you feel
like the flexibility is for your ability to pull levers on the cost side should costs on the medical side run
ahead so that you guys can deliver your earnings targets?

Susan Marie Diamond
CFO & Segment President of Home Business

I think in general, I would say we continue to work on our trend initiatives and various utilization
management and other strategies not -- no different than any other year to continue to work to reduce
total cost of care. Some of the work that we're doing with our value-based home health model as well
as the use of our broader home set of capabilities or other examples of how we continue to work to see
how we can use these capabilities to focus on patients who are disproportionately likely to see potentially
avoidable hospitalization events and use those capabilities to redirect to an alternative site of service
like the home or an outpatient setting. So we'll continue to do all of those things in support of not only
2022 trend mitigation, but then also longer term to support our value proposition in Medicare Advantage
broadly.

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

HUMANA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

And just -- you had asked a question about administrative management. We constantly are managing the
investments we make and our cost trends within the administrative side to ensure that they provide the
adequate cushion for us as we think about earnings being set.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo from SVB Leerink.

Benjamin Whitman Mayo
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

I had just a quick clarification question, Susan. I think you said that you would expect that reserve
development in the fourth quarter would come in less favorably than you experienced in the third quarter?
I just wanted to make sure that I heard that right. And of the membership growth that you expect in
2022, I think 350 at the midpoint, how much of that is coming from special need plans, duals, et cetera?

Susan Marie Diamond
CFO & Segment President of Home Business

Sure. To your first question on current period development, yes, you heard correctly that while we did
see positive current period development in the third quarter, our guide does not assume that we continue
to see those elevated levels. Our guide would always have seen some level of normal course CPD in
any given quarter. You can see that [ we typically decline ] through the year. But we are not assuming
currently that, that same excess favorability we saw emerge in third quarter will continue.

In terms of '22 growth, we obviously haven't given detailed guidance by product. What I can tell you
though is while it's still early in the AEP, Bruce mentioned we saw 40% growth in 2020 and 2021. We do
continue to see strong growth in 2022. So while we're not prepared to share any specific number so far,
again, while it's early, D-SNP growth is actually coming in better than we had originally expected for '22 so
far.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor from Cowen.

Gary Paul Taylor
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Just two quick questions I have remaining. In April, you upped your MRA headwind to $1 billion to $1.3
billion for the full year. I just want to make sure, is that still the right '21 headwind and most of that
comes back next year, and that's part of how you're offsetting the return to baseline utilization?

Susan Marie Diamond
CFO & Segment President of Home Business

That's exactly right. Our estimate has not been changed since our previous update on the MRA headwind.
As we said, we're tracking very closely the diagnosis code submissions in 2021. That will support our 2022
reimbursement, and those are in line with expectations and more similar to what we saw pre COVID. So
to your exact point, that headwind, we do not expect to recur and does provide mitigation from trend
bouncing back to more normal levels.

Gary Paul Taylor
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

And just one more quick one. When you talked about -- as I was just mentioning less development in the
4Q. Your third quarter prior year development was very similar to last year. So I presume you were talking
about intra-year development from the first half that you recognized in the 3Q that doesn't occur, you're
not assuming occurs. Is that correct? And could you just give us a little color on where that came from
inpatient, outpatient?

Susan Marie Diamond

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

HUMANA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

CFO & Segment President of Home Business

Yes, you are correct. When we refer to current period development that developed in the quarter, that
would refer to [indiscernible] for the first half of the year.

[Technical Difficulty]

Hi, Gary. I'm sorry. Can you hear us?

Operator

Speakers, you are now live.

Susan Marie Diamond
CFO & Segment President of Home Business

Okay. Hi, Gary, I'm sorry, we dropped again, unfortunately. Can you hear me? All right. So just -- I'm not
sure exactly where we dropped. But just to your last point, current period development does refer to how
claims restated in the first half of the year. And as we said, we did see some favorable restatement. What
I can say is, at a high level, relative to -- we gave you estimates as of Q2 and what we saw developed in
the third quarter is that net of the COVID, any COVID costs that we saw positive restatement of about 50
basis points for both the first and second quarter of 2021 developed in the third quarter.

Operator

And speakers, we don't have any questions on the line. I would like to turn the call to Mr. Bruce Broussard
for closing remarks.

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Well, first, I want to apologize for the technical glitches here. I think we have a problem with our leader
line, and we will definitely work on that to ensure that the service that we subscribe to is capable of
keeping a consistent connection.

Second, I hope you take away from our conversation today that we have been very thoughtful and
conservative as we look into the fourth quarter and as we enter into 2022. As you can see from all the
commentary, we do reflect the uncertainty of COVID and all the aspects of going into 2022. I do want to
say thank you for our 90,000 associates that make this such a successful organization and their dedication
to not only our customers, but also providing our shareholders the adequate return. And I want to thank
you for your long-term support for us as an organization. So thank you, and have a great day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

HUMANA INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

