Humana Inc. NYSE:HUM
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, February 05, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

2.19

2.28

4.11

4.76

17.77

17.87

0.56

18.63

16148.08

16295.00

0.91

17841.69

64731.42

64888.00

0.24

71760.83

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-05-2020 1:40 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

4.30

5.27

4.57

2.19

4.48

6.05

5.03

2.28

4.19 %

14.80 %

10.07 %

4.11 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HUMANA INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Amy K. Smith
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Albert J. William Rice
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Benjamin Whitman Mayo
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Charles Rhyee
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Justin Lake
Wolfe Research, LLC

Kevin Mark Fischbeck
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Michael Anthony Newshel
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Peter Heinz Costa
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Ralph Giacobbe
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

David Anthony Styblo
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Sarah Elizabeth James
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Frank George Morgan
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Scott J. Fidel
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Stephen Tanal

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Gary Paul Taylor
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Joshua Richard Raskin
Nephron Research LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Humana fourth quarter earnings
call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that today's conference is being recorded. Thank you.

I would now like to hand the call over to your first speaker, Amy Smith, Vice President of Investor
Relations. Ma'am, please go ahead.

Amy K. Smith
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you and good morning.

In a moment, Bruce Broussard, Humana's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Kane, Chief
Financial Officer, will discuss our fourth quarter 2019 results and our updated financial outlook for 2020.
Following these prepared remarks, we will open up the lines for a question-and-answer session with
industry analysts. Our Chief Legal Officer, Joe Ventura, will also be joining Bruce and Brian for the Q&A
session. We encourage the investing public and media to listen to both management's prepared remarks
and the related Q&A with analysts. This call is being recorded for replay purposes. That replay will be
available on the Investor Relations page of Humana's website, humana.com, later today.

Before we begin our discussion, I need to advise call participants of our cautionary statement. Certain
of the matters discussed in this conference call are forward-looking and involve a number of risks and
uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially. Investors are advised to read the detailed risk factors
discussed in our fourth quarter 2019 earnings press release as well as in our filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission.

Today's press release, our historical financial news releases and our filings with the SEC are all also
available on our Investor Relations site. Call participants should note that today's discussion includes
financial measures that are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP.
Management's explanation for the use of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations of GAAP to non-
GAAP financial measures are included in today's press release. Finally, any references to earnings per
share, or EPS, made during this conference call refer to diluted earnings per common share.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Bruce Broussard.

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Amy. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported adjusted earnings
per share of $2.28 for the fourth quarter of 2019 and $17.80 (sic) [ $17.87 ] for the full year, above
our previous estimate of $17.75. We are pleased with our 2019 performance, particularly our success
in balancing and executing on multiple priorities as we grew membership, improve the quality and
productivity of our operations and continue to invest in the long term.

During 2019, we experienced significant membership growth in both Medicare Advantage and Medicaid
where we were able to serve our country's sickest and most vulnerable population in need of quality care
and better health outcomes. For individual Medicare Advantage, we saw the highest growth we've seen in
a decade with over 0.5 million seniors choosing Humana MA plans. In addition, we have a record number
of MA members in 4-star and higher plans.

Our Medicaid membership grew nearly 38% with our statewide Florida win for 2019, and we added
approximately 140,000 members on January 1, 2020, under our Kentucky Medicaid contract that was
previously fully ceded to CareSource. We also demonstrated the strength of our Medicaid capabilities
through procurement; expanded our senior-focused, payer-agnostic primary care centers; significantly

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

advanced our home health capabilities; expanded our pharmacy operations and took significant initial
steps towards creating an interoperable health ecosystem via technology partnerships.

As we begin to scale our clinical solutions in 2020, we are continuing to balance our strategic initiatives
across 5 key areas of influence on a member's health journey: primary care, home, pharmacy, social
determinants of health and behavioral.

Let me give you an update on the recent progression in some of these areas. In 2019, we opened 29
senior-focused primary care centers under our wholly owned alliance and JV model, bringing our center
total to 262; and we continue to see the maturity of our value-based care platform resulting in more
providers in surplus and improve the operating performance of our legacy Conviva operations.

We are now evolving from proof-of-concept to scaling these senior-focused, value-based primary care
assets. And just this week, we announced an exciting strategic partnership with Welsh, Carson, Anderson
& Stowe that will accelerate our payer-agnostic center expansion giving more seniors access to quality
primary care built around their unique health needs, especially in geographies that lack the access
today. WCAS is an important strategic partner in Humana's journey of building an omnichannel senior-
focused consumer platform, and this new arrangement is a capital-efficient approach to rapid expansion.
WCAS, together with Humana, has committed approximately $600 million to create a joint venture that
is expected to open a minimum of 50 payer-agnostic, senior-focused primary care centers over 3 years
beginning in 2020. WCAS will maintain majority ownership, and partners in primary care will manage the
centers for a management fee. Similar to our innovative deal to acquire Kindred at Home, put-and-call
options provide partners in primary care with a path to full ownership of the centers in 5 to 10 years. We
are excited to be able to work with WCAS to facilitate faster entry into additional communities in need of
senior-focused primary care.

We're also expanding our JV and alliance model and expect to add 35 centers in 2020 with these
important partners. Today, we serve over 0.25 million of our individual MA members in our owned JV and
alliance model. Our goal is to double the number of members served in this model over the next several
years.

Our pharmacy operations just completed the acquisition of Enclara Healthcare, one of the nation's largest
hospital benefit -- pharmacy and benefit management organizations. This acquisition provides Humana
Pharmacy the opportunity to expand our comprehensive care continuum strategy to cover the pharmacy-
related needs associated with hospice care, simplify the mail order pharmacy experience and advance the
technology stack for in-home pharmacy through areas such as enhanced mobile medication management
and improved electronic medical record connectivity.

In the home, we advanced our transformational home health initiative with Kindred at Home and Curo
through the implementation of a company-wide EMR and the extrapolation of best practices for our

[Audio Gap]

pilots to over 20,000 home health episodes.

The next phase beginning in 2020 is to provide more care services in the home, including acute care and
primary care in the home, so that we may begin to generate meaningful trend vendors for our health
plans in the future while improving clinical outcomes for our seniors.

We remain committed to improving the life of those we serve through our social determinants capabilities,
which positions us strongly to serve the vulnerable populations, Medicare and Medicaid, and provide us
with the experience needed to meaningfully participate in the MA value-based insurance design program
and Medicaid procurements.

In 2019, we scaled social determinants of health screenings to over 1 million, more than double the
number of screenings in 2018, and connected those in need to community resources. We will continue to
expand our outreach and services around social determinants of health in 2020 and beyond.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

Lastly, recognizing that health care continues to evolve and technology will be at the forefront of the
evolution, we announced 2 key strategic partnerships in 2019 with Microsoft and Epic to leverage
technology to develop a health ecosystem that enables a seamless and integrated experience.

Our focus in 2020 will be migration to the cloud to enable interoperability and agility. In addition, we are
seeing nice uptick in provider engagement on Compass, our population health delivery platform, and a
higher direct-to-consumer sales completions in our digital, virtual intelligent plan recommendation tool
as compared to our standard online enrollment tool. We've also seen that members who use the virtual
recommendation tool are significantly more likely to share their health information with us in ways that
could improve their decision-making and help us better onboard and engage clinically once they are
enrolled.

As a company, we continue to emphasize the enduring need to drive efficiency and productivity across
the organization while not losing focus on the key themes of providing a simpler experience for our
customers and delivering better health outcomes. As we discussed last quarter, the return of the health
insurance industry fee in 2020 posed a significant headwind for the industry, reinforcing this need to
drive productivity. As Brian will describe, we work diligently to identify ways to improve our cost structure
by leveraging technology to streamline processes and executing a reduction in our workforce, including
redeployment of individuals to open positions which impacted approximately 2,000 jobs.

While we were able to drive meaningful savings, it was not an easy task. And there are still members
who enhanced -- who experienced an increase in premium or reduction in benefits for 2020 given the
magnitude of the HIF. Given the significance of the headwind, particularly the $2 and $10 -- $2.10
headwind from the nondeductibility of the HIF, we are pleased to be -- provide the initial adjusted EPS
guidance in the range of $18.25 to $18.75, representing reasonable growth while also delivering solid
expected MA membership growth. We expect to add 270,000 to 330,000 individual MA members in
2020, representing growth of approximately 7.5% to 9.2%, which we believe, at a minimum, will be in
line with the industry growth. These expected results reflect balanced growth across all segments with
each segment projected to deliver meaningful pretax or EBITDA growth in 2020. Brian will provide more
detailed segment level guidance in his remarks.

As we have discussed previously, given the HIF is a premium-based fee, beneficiaries of Medicare
Advantage and Medicaid, the sicker and most vulnerable populations are disproportionately taxed. Despite
that, seniors continue to increasingly choose Medicare Advantage over original Medicare with compelling
individual MA industry growth of 8.7% in 2019, excluding the impact of cost plans, compared to 7.2% in
2018 and 6.1% in 2017. MA penetration continues to increase, reaching 34% in 2019, and 2020 industry
growth is expected to keep pace for 2019 even with the return of the HIF, a testament to the value the
MA program provides and a model for other potential public-private partnerships for additional populations
needing affordable health care. Accordingly, we are pleased that Congress waived the fee beginning
in 2021, recognizing that the imposition of the HIF falls disproportionately on Medicare beneficiaries
and reduces affordability. The permanent repeal of the HIF is a significant win for consumers, and we
appreciate -- and are appreciative of the strong bipartisan support to repeal it.

Looking ahead, we are committed to delivering strong short-term performance while investing in
transformative capabilities for the long-term sustainability of the company. To that end, we will continue
to stay focused on 3 key priorities: expanding our local presence with primary care centers, the home
and value-based partnership models; modernizing our digital and analytics infrastructure, including cloud
migration, interoperability and the creation of a longitudinal health record; and developing an enterprise
clinical operating model built on technology and analytics to integrate our clinical assets focused on
patient-centered care and disease-specific best practices.

In closing, I want to thank -- to personally thank our associates for their dedication to our strategy and
operational excellence. We are pleased that because of their exemplary efforts and our success in 2019,
including improved Net Promoter Score, significantly individual MA membership growth and adjusted EPS
growth in excess of our long-term target, we are able to reward our associates with higher incentive-based
compensation. Our associates continue to demonstrate world-class engagement, which manifests in a
better experience for our customers leading to a long-term sustainability for the company. Over the next

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

year, we expect political discussion to continue to focus on health care and results in market volatility.
However, we are confident in the Medicare Advantage program, which has significant bipartisan support,
and our opportunity to be part of the solution to both addressing the rising cost of health care and the
need for quality outcomes.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Bruce, and good morning, everyone.

Today, we reported adjusted EPS of $2.28 for the fourth quarter of 2019 and $17.87 for the full year,
ahead of our previous expectations. This represents a 23% increase in adjusted EPS year-over-year. These
2019 results, led by industry-leading individual Medicare Advantage membership growth and better-
than-expected MA utilization, provide positive momentum going into 2020. We expect 2020 to be another
strong year for the company with solid top and bottom line growth, notwithstanding the return of the
health insurance fee, or HIF, which is not deductible for tax purposes. As I discuss our 2019 results and
our expectations for 2020 this morning, I encourage you to reference the waterfall slide provided on our
Investor Relations website with the webcast materials.

As outlined in the waterfall, we expect a 2020 adjusted EPS range of $18.25 to $18.75, which is consistent
with our commentary last quarter. We believe we struck the appropriate balance between top and bottom
line growth while investing for long-term sustainability as we contemplated our 2020 pricing, recognizing
the significant impact of the return of the nondeductible health insurance fee, of which the after-tax
portion alone is worth $2.10 for the year.

Our strong Medicare Advantage growth in both individual and group MA is driving our 2020 consolidated
revenue growth of approximately 14% at the midpoint of our revenue guidance of $73.9 billion to $74.5
billion. And we are forecasting strong and balanced pretax and EBITDA growth across our 3 reporting
segments. Additionally, as we contemplate the quarterly progression of earnings in 2020, we expect the
first quarter to contribute a bit more than 24% of the annual total, which contemplates unusually high
workday seasonality in the quarter primarily due to 2020 being a leap year.

Before discussing the segment results, I would like to echo what Bruce said in his remarks regarding the
exemplary performance of our associates this past year. We are pleased that we were able to reward
our associates with higher incentive-based compensation given the outperformance in 2019, aligning
our associates' compensation with the exceptional value they provide for our customers, providers and
shareholders. An important part of the work our team accomplished during 2019 was to drive significant
productivity savings, which took a great deal of effort and necessitated difficult decisions. These important
initiatives are part of our longer journey to drive cost efficiency over the last number of years. In fact,
when you exclude approximately 170 basis points for the impact of the HIF in 2020, the midpoint of our
guidance range for the operating cost ratio is 10.3%, down 110 basis points versus last year. Even when
you exclude the incremental investments made in 2019 that increased our operating cost ratio, the 2020
midpoint, adjusted to exclude the HIF, still demonstrates 70 basis points of improvement over the 11%
midpoint of our initial guide for 2019. This improvement continues the compelling efficiency gains driven
over the last 5 years, freeing up resources to help mitigate the impact on premiums and benefits for our
members due to the return of the HIF while also driving solid earnings growth and enabling us to invest in
critical strategic areas.

I will now turn to segment results. And as I do, I will touch briefly on 2019 and then transition to how we
are improving operating results in 2020. I will begin with the Retail segment.

In 2019, we saw industry-leading individual Medicare Advantage growth of approximately 525,000
members, the highest growth we have seen in a decade. We also experienced considerably lower
utilization in Medicare Advantage than our expectations, which allowed us to end 2019 with a benefit
ratio for the Retail segment 70 basis points below the midpoint of our initial guidance for the year. We
have now experienced multiple years of declining inpatient admissions per 1,000 members, or APTs, in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

Medicare Advantage driven primarily by better health outcomes from our clinical programs coupled with
well-controlled outpatient, physician and pharmacy trends.

The 2019 improvement allowed us to invest this outperformance into our 2020 bids, which, when coupled
with our productivity efforts, will enable us to grow our individual MA book at the market growth rate
at a minimum. This is something we are quite proud of, given the material headwinds we face in 2020
and after coming off an exceptional growth year in 2019. Our group MA business continues to perform
well, and we expect to grow group MA membership by approximately 90,000 members or 17% in 2020
primarily driven by the addition of a large group account from a competitor. As you know, group MA
membership growth can vary widely from year-to-year based on the pipeline of opportunities, particularly
large accounts going out to bid. We believe we are well positioned to capture these opportunities as they
arise.

For our stand-alone PDP business, in 2019, we experienced a second consecutive year of significant
declines in membership as we no longer were the low-price plan in any market. As we've discussed
previously, this business is exceedingly price competitive with a winner-take-all dynamic. Accordingly, as
you are aware, we made important changes in 2020, repositioning our PDP products to allow us to once
again have the low-price offering in most markets. Our new low-price Humana Walmart Value Rx Plan is
seeing nice growth in 2020, in line with expectations. However, this growth is not enough to overcome
the significant losses we are seeing in our Premier Rx Plan where most members experienced a significant
increase in premium in 2020 because of our planned design changes caused by the 3-plan limit imposed
by CMS and an aging population with more chronic conditions and higher pharmacy costs.

Based on the final results of AEP, our expectations for 2020 PDP membership losses have improved
relative to our prior guidance, and we now expect to lose approximately 550,000 members compared to
our previous estimate of approximately 600,000. While these losses are modestly higher than initially
expected at the time of bids, the planned changes we made in 2020 were necessary to attract a balanced
risk pool and stem the membership losses in our book going forward.

Lastly, our Medicaid business continues to perform well, and we are excited about the opportunities ahead
for this business. Effective 1/1/2020, we added approximately 140,000 members under the existing
Kentucky Medicaid contract previously ceded to CareSource. We are pleased to be serving Medicaid
members in Kentucky, Florida and Illinois in 2020. We look forward to the final resolution of both the
Kentucky and Louisiana procurements where the award of both contracts demonstrated our strong
Medicaid capabilities.

All in, the Retail segment is expected to show strong operating improvement as demonstrated in the
waterfall, contributing an incremental $1.66 to adjusted EPS when you adjust for the reinvestment of
approximately $0.70 of Retail outperformance from the first half of 2019 in the bids for 2020 to help offset
the impact of the HIF.

While our Retail segment outperformed in 2019, our Group and Specialty segment did not perform
well. And we are taking the opportunity to significantly reposition the segment in 2020 and beyond.
The segment faced a number of pressures, including membership migration out of our community-
rated product into a level-funded ASO, which drove unexpected average selection in our community-
rated block resulting in significant negative prior period development. Note that this negative prior
period development also adversely impacted the starting cost baseline for 2020 given the unanticipated
morbidity mix. Using our consistent historical reserving practices for the Group and Specialty segment, we
acknowledged the negative prior year claims development we experienced in 2019 as we contemplated
the adequacy of reserves as of December 31, 2019.

The segment also experienced large numbers of provider settlements, IT system upgrades for the
insurance and specialty businesses and investments in market infrastructure. Our core trend remains
stable, and we believe the investments we are making in systems and people will position the segment
for growth in 2020 and beyond. Accordingly, we expect the segment to contribute approximately $0.55 of
incremental adjusted EPS to the enterprise for 2020.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

For Healthcare Services, we had a strong year as we saw growth in our pharmacy business, solid
performance of Kindred at Home and continued improvement in our Conviva operations, partially offset by
the costs incurred to continue to expand our owned JV and alliance senior-focused primary care centers.
Notwithstanding the significant PDP membership losses, our pharmacy script volume grew year-over-
year primarily due to higher Medicare Advantage and state-based contract membership. For 2020, despite
the expected PDP membership decline, we anticipate strong EBITDA growth in the pharmacy business.
As Bruce mentioned, we recently closed the Enclara transaction, expanding our hospice pharmacy
capabilities.

Our home business is also anticipated to perform well, led by Kindred at Home, in which the conversion
to Homecare Homebase across home health and hospice in 2019 weighed on results due to the significant
required onetime investment, but will drive EBITDA in 2020 notwithstanding the adoption of the new
payment methodology, PDGM.

And in our provider businesses, as Bruce described, we are working to meaningfully scale this opportunity
and are very excited about the recently announced innovative venture with Welsh Carson to open a
minimum of 50 additional payer-agnostic, senior-focused primary care centers over the next 3 years,
which will be managed by our partners in primary care team under the partners in primary care brand.

Finally, our Conviva primary care business is expected to continue improving its core operating
performance. As a result of all these efforts, we expect meaningful year-over-year Healthcare Services
adjusted EBITDA growth to contribute an incremental $1.03 to adjusted EPS.

Turning to cash flow and capital deployment. Our operating cash flow was a record $5.3 billion in 2019,
reflecting strong earnings and the benefit of a significant membership growth we experienced for
individual Medicare Advantage. In periods of increasing enrollment, operating cash flows are positively
impacted because premiums are collected in advance of claims by a period of up to several months.

While we expect solid MA membership growth in 2020 due to the significant membership increase we
experienced in 2019 and timing of the related premium collections and claim payments as well as other
working capital items, we expect our operating cash flows for 2020 to be in the range of $3.2 billion to
$3.6 billion. Additionally, as we've demonstrated through the various transactions we have pursued, we
will continue to deploy our capital in an efficient matter -- manner with a target debt-to-capitalization ratio
of 35% in order to maintain our investment-grade credit rating with the ability to move higher than that
for strategic M&A.

Finally, our initial guidance for 2020 includes an assumption of some share repurchase in the back
half of 2020, and our strategic M&A priorities remain the same, including the continued build-out of
our Healthcare Services capabilities to drive our integrated care model as well as tactical health plan
acquisitions to the extent they become actionable.

With that, we will open the lines up for your questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator, please introduce the first caller.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Charles Rhyee from Cowen.

Charles Rhyee
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

As we think further out maybe and, obviously, you've given us the outlook here for '20, growth remains
strong here and you continue to look further to invest. Maybe two questions real quick. First in Retail, as
we think about investing the HIF money in the future, how do you think -- how much do you think that,
that should we consider either being really driven for growth versus maybe some of that coming back into
earnings?

And then secondly, you were talking about expanding your primary care footprint here. Can you give us a
little bit more color on how your partners in primary care efforts are going? You say it's sort of not going
to be really impactful to 2020, but when would you expect that to really start to have a more meaningful
impact to the bottom line?

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

So let me take them in order. First, with regard to HIF in 2021, as we've said in prior settings, it's
obviously early to be commenting on 2021. We do believe that the health insurance fee repeal will be
a significant benefit to our customers, and we would expect them to see increased benefits on account
of that. But we will balance, as we always do, membership growth within -- with EPS as well as making
sure we invest for long-term sustainability. And so you'll see us continue to invest in our integrated care
model as we balance top and bottom line growth. I would also say, as we think about 2021, and I know
this has been a topic of conversation, we'll make sure we understand the impact of ESRD. We need to
obviously see where the rate notice ultimately comes out, and that's something that we're obviously
eerily anticipating. And then also, we'll need to game theory out what we think our competitors do with
respect to the HIF repeal in 2021. But overall, we, obviously, are bullish on 2021, but it's really too early
to provide specifics.

On the second question with regard to primary care, we feel very good about our primary care capabilities.
In fact, both our Conviva operations, which are performing nicely and we're seeing good operational
turnaround, but also the business we're expanding, partners in primary care, we believe, has an operating
model that can be replicable and scalable across multiple markets in the U.S. And so it's really a function
of how do you fund this expansion. There's a significant J-curve in these clinics. Meaning that for the
first few years, they lose EBITDA, they lose money. And then over time, they begin to make money and
actually earn a nice return on investment. And so how do we bridge that gap? And so partnering with
Welsh Carson, who's an expert in health care and very, very good at what they do, we believe that we'll
be able to scale this model very efficiently and really get us the capital we need to tie us over between
where the J-curve period where we're losing money to where we can bring this back on balance sheet if
we decide to do that when they're more profitable.

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Just to add to Brian's comments, we do see benefit from the clinics early on, on the insurance side. So
if you think about the contribution to the company, there's really 2 parts to it. One is the actual centers
themselves and then the second part is enhancing and moving members more and more to value-based
payment models, which we see better star score, we see lower MER and we also see better satisfaction
there. So in the -- as Brian articulated in the J-curve side, you'll see it more on the insurance side. As it
grows, it continues to be on the insurance side, but then it becomes more on the clinic side. So in 2020,
we will see benefits from these clinics, and we -- in the 200 and some we have, we've seen benefits all

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

along, but you'll see it more on the insurance side and more in the -- as we referenced in trend vendors as
opposed to see it in the actual profitability of the centers themselves.

Charles Rhyee
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

So basically, you're able to direct your members to the primary care centers that you have. And is that --
when you're recruiting physicians for these centers, is it -- are you bringing physicians that already have
full patient panels themselves? Or are you kind of recruiting doctors who are interested in changing the
way they practice in general and...

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Most of these, on exceptions, we will bring some physicians that have patients, but the majority of
them will be starting from scratch. And that's really the reason for the J-curve as what Brian was talking
about. In reference to steering the patients there, we really -- our design plan is to make it affordable
for people to choose the clinics. But obviously, it's their choice, and they're -- from a -- to choose their
physician. But we do find in areas where we locate and where they don't have primary care or hospital
that we are the sort of the community choice there. So I would just emphasize both from plan and where
we locate them is an important part of how our members choose them.

Amy K. Smith
Vice President of Investor Relations

And Charles was a great example of getting a lot of questions in. [Operator Instructions]

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of A.J. Rice from Credit Suisse.

Albert J. William Rice
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I might just continue to just try to flesh out the strategy around these partners in primary care. With this
deal, will the growth all be in this joint venture? Or can you continue to do ones on your own or with other
third parties? And is there any restriction around the risk sharing? I know that's been a big part of the
long-term targeted savings for the health plan is to do risk sharing with this. Is there any restrictions,
given it's payer-agnostic, on what you can do there? And then maybe another thing you didn't mention is
once you get the 50 up and running, how much of your Humana MA book will be covered by one of the --
or have access to one of these clinics?

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Let me try to go in reverse order. It will still be a relatively small portion of our MA book, which is the
reason why, what Bruce said, we want to scale these up as quickly as we can, but it's still be a relatively
small portion of our book. Remember, from a risk perspective, each -- or from a risk member perspective,
each clinic has about -- you have 2,200-or-so risk members, kind of varies depending on the size, could
be as low as 1,500, could go to 2,500 members. And so you could do the math. It's still relatively small,
which is why it's important that we take a balanced approach to our growth. Really going to your first
question, we have partnerships with a number of players. They're very valuable partners that we will
continue to expand with. Some we have equity investments in, some we do not. But we'll look to continue
to expand those joint venture and alliance models. But we have, I would say, the ability too to expand as
we see fit to continue to grow this footprint, which we will do. We're obviously very mindful of the impacts
on the income statement when we do this, so we're trying to be creative with the use of our capital. But I
would tell you that we have flexibility to execute our business plan.

And then on the risk-sharing side, being payer-agnostic is really important. It's important so that we
can actually fill up these clinics. It's important so we can attract physicians. It's important to be able to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

really create the best-in-class experience for our members and to give them the ultimate -- the patients
to give them the ultimate choice, what they need in their lives. But there's no restrictions with respect to
risk sharing or the like. Obviously, each risk contract is different, and sometimes there are path to risk
contracts. So for -- it may not go full risk day 1. But generally, we sign at least path to risk deals with
the various payers. But we're encouraged by the reception that we've seen from other payers, and we're
committed to making this payer-agnostic.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Peter Costa from Wells Fargo.

Peter Heinz Costa
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Sort of on the same line, focusing on the partners in primary care transaction. One of your competitors,
one of your large competitors buys larger practices, physician practices and other -- your larger
competitors doesn't buy practices at all or run them and uses contracts and there's a smattering of that
across the board. You guys seem to be the ones trying to grow practices. And yet you've had -- you've
struggled with that, whether it be Conviva that has gone through a turnaround; Concentra, which never
really grew the way you wanted it to. And now with partners in primary care, it seems like you're pushing
that off your books from an earnings perspective here in the short term while it grows. Can you explain
why you still think this is the right strategy versus what your competitors are doing?

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

I would maybe try to put those in boxes. I -- let me start with Concentra. I think Concentra was an urgent
care model that had a small primary care part to it. We ended up doing -- actually, the genesis to partners
in primary care is out of Concentra. And so we -- what we did is we bought the company, then pulled the
primary care out of it and then began the partners in primary care. So that transaction, we didn't want to
be in the urgent care business going forward.

Conviva actually is interesting because Conviva today is probably one of the larger organizations in the
country that has pure clinics with senior focus. It's got 200-and-some-thousand Medicare Advantage lives
in it, and it's performing well. And when we talk about turnaround, it's really more bringing in the various
different brands that were in South Florida and creating a brand of -- one of which that brand -- some of
those brands have been within the organization since 2008, 2009 in that arena. So what you see is more
making at a better brand, a holistic brand and growing and continuing to serve the organization well on
the insurance side as good star scores, as good MER, as good satisfaction and growth. And so I wouldn't
make either one of those as the organization is sort of shutting or in and out of this.

I would say there is a philosophy difference between us and others in the country that you are
referencing. And our philosophy is the buying primary care and trying to convert them to Medicare
Advantage value-based care model is a highly risky proposition. And we've seen over the years that
organizations that have tried to do that have not been totally successful. Now if you're going to keep
them fee-for-service, you're going to keep them commercial. If you're going to keep them in that vein,
I think you're going to be quite, quite successful in not having to deal with the change management.
What you do see the organization doing is going through sort of stages with that. I think the first stage
was around does this work for partners in primary care. And we've been testing and learning that for the
last few years, and we've come to the conclusion, seeing the results that we've had in the markets we've
opened that. But this is really working. We're seeing great star scores. As I mentioned, we're seeing great
satisfaction scores where we're being able to recruit doctors into it. We're able to fill them up in the time
that we thought.

So the real question is, how do we scale it? And so we've tried to scale it over the years through joint
venture partnerships. And you see it today, we have 260-some clinics and serving about 10% or so of our
members. And now it's just a question of scaling. And so what we do is to scale it in a way that we can
utilize a capital-efficient way to be able to do it, be able to set it as an independent entity, but still have

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

control over a period of time and be able to use that as a growth vehicle for us but, at the same time,
continuing to scale through our joint venture and alliance partners that we've done in the past. So I think
what you'll see is it's more of a scale question as opposed to anything else. And it's a question of how
do we build a great base for this. And I feel that the company has matured in a way that is very bullish
on this but, at the same time, matured in a way to test and learn because of you articulating in different
ways. Owning and operating physicians is a very, very difficult task at times, and it is also a risky task.
And we've tried to navigate through this to ensure that the organization is able to both succeed but more
importantly, scale this because of the end results.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Justin Lake.

Justin Lake
Wolfe Research, LLC

A couple of questions on margins. Just first, can you give us an idea of where Medicare Advantage kind of
settles out? I know you don't want to give specifics, but just relative to the 4.5% to 5%, how close are we
there? And also kind of how should we think about it in 2021 if you are going to reinvest some of the HIF?
Is the next move downward in those margins?

And then just in terms of the Healthcare Services business, same thing, margins are really strong there,
are looking like in the guide. Is that all just improvement in those ancillary businesses that you kind of
outlined? And if so, where do you kind of see the trajectory of those going forward from here?

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

Justin, on the MA side, I would say, for 2019, we finished a little bit below our 4.5% to 5% margin.
Obviously, a really strong year, given where we started the year. For 2020, as I mentioned in my remarks
and we've discussed in the past, we invested some of that outperformance into -- in 2019 into our
2020 bids. And so obviously, that's going to impact margins. But then we, obviously, have improved the
operations as well. So all in, I would say the margins are relatively flat year-over-year 2020 versus 2019,
and so we're still a bit below the 4.5% to 5%.

With respect to 2021, again, with -- really, too early to give 2021. But it's fair to say whenever there's that
tax impact on the after-tax line, you can see the geography of where the earning shows up, changes a
little bit. So it's conceivable that we do have a decrease in margins for 2021 while obviously still growing
EPS very nicely. So that's something we would have to work through. But typically, that is a dynamic
that's at play when we've seen tax rates changed dramatically, whether because of the HIF or because of
tax reform that occurred in 2018.

On the Healthcare Services side, I would describe it as balanced growth. I think we feel very good
about really all segments. The pharmacy side is showing a really nice improvement year-over-year.
They continue to drive penetration on the mail order side, on the specialty side. As well as we think
the Enclara opportunity on the hospice side will give them some runway as well. Kindred at Home is
also performing well. We hope to continue to see strong EBITDA growth, notwithstanding the change
in the payment model. As you know, we've embraced this payment model because it gets us closer to
chronic nursing versus solely focused on therapy. But I think that the team is doing a really nice job of
mitigating any impacts there and also leveraging the benefits of implementing Homecare Homebase.
And as Bruce discussed on our primary care business, both Conviva and partners in primary care, we
see a nice turnaround there. Particularly in Conviva, which is entirely on balance sheet, we're seeing
real improvement in the EBITDA performance. So really, I think it's a real positive story on Healthcare
Services, and we hope that continues in the years ahead.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Dave Windley from Jefferies.

David Anthony Styblo
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

Jefferies LLC, Research Division

It's Dave Styblo in for Dave Windley. I wanted to ask a question about the Group and Specialty business.
Just kind of looking at the bridge here, it looks like there's about a $0.55 tailwind for 2020 that you
called out. I'm curious, how much of that is from the absence of onetime costs that happened in 2019 or
settlements versus improvements in the core business? And then more broadly, related to that business,
how does commercial fit into the broader portfolio just given the feats and challenges that, that business
has gone through?

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I would say it's -- on your first question, it's really a balance. Clearly, we don't have the repetition
of onetime items, but some of it is also improving in the core business, some of the pricing actions that
we've taken. I think it's important and we expect -- the hope's we've gotten the baseline right. As I
mentioned in my remarks, the average selection we saw in our book really hurt the 2019 performance
because 2018 backed up. You sort of have a double whammy there. You have the '18 hit and then you
have -- you're trending off the wrong baseline for 2019. So I think we -- I'm hopeful we've gotten that
right. We'll obviously see what happens in the coming months here. So I think it's really a combination of
core improvement as well as the onetimers not repeating.

Really to your second question, we continue to invest in this business. That's also weighing on the results
for 2020. In other words, the results would have been higher were it not for that. We believe that there
is a real opportunity to grow this business, become more of a player, a significant player in particular
markets where we're strong in Medicare and where we think, really, number one, there's an opportunity to
drive more relevance with our providers. And we think when we have a commercial presence, particularly
moving upmarket away solely from the small group and moving into the mid group and sort of larger
group side, not the jumbo side, but more large group, gives us the attention of the providers in the local
markets. We also think there is a significant cross-sell opportunity as members age into Medicare. And
also on the group MA side, it's an area where our competitors have done a very nice job leveraging their
commercial business. Because we don't have that same commercial business, it's hard for us to get those
synergies. And so we think there are opportunities there.

And then the final thing I would say is our Specialty business is something that we don't talk a lot about,
but we're bullish on it, and we really hope to grow it, both on the group side and also on the individual
side. It's a business that is low-capital requirements and good margins. And so we think we can continue
to grow that and cross-sell that product. So for those reasons, we're committed to the business and yes,
we're hopeful for a better year this year in 2020.

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Just to add to Brian, I think just to emphasize, we realize that having a national strategy in commercial
just is not the right direction here. And so we are picking markets where today we are strong and utilizing
those markets to continue to build our local presence, and commercial is one of those along with the other
assets that we have. And so you see a much more concentrated effort. Obviously, as what Brian has talked
about, 2019 was a rough year for the commercial business for a whole host of reasons. But we do believe
in certain markets, it makes sense to have a commercial product. And that's what you see that the team is
oriented to, but we need to make sure our infrastructure is prepared for that, and that's what you see a lot
of the investments and the work going on in 2019.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Sarah James from Piper Sandler.

Sarah Elizabeth James
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

So I just wanted to get a little bit better understanding of some of the nonrepeat items that are going on
here. So you guys talked about negative prior period development related to the group business, but you
can't tell on the press release. It looks like for total cost, it's net positive. So how much negative group
development was there and what would MLR have been without it?

And then as we think about other nonrepeating items that are occurring in '20, is there any carrying
costs related to Louisiana? And then is there any start-up costs related to what you guys are doing on the
provider JV side that wouldn't continue as we think about run rate earnings?

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

So I would -- it's in -- you can see it in our press release, there's a breakout between group PPD and
Retail. So group has gotten hit for the reasons I talked about. Retail was modestly positive. I think it was
a good year for PPD for Retail, obviously, less so for group. So that is a -- I would call that a onetime item
on -- I hope it's a onetime item on the negative PPD side for group. So I think that's one example. There
are some modest start-up costs in Louisiana. We have to plan for that. So that is in our numbers and our
costs. So we've obviously scaled up to be ready for that. Again, it's something we're very proud of. The
Medicaid team has done just a fabulous job winning that contract, and we'll see where it goes, but we feel
good about that. And so it's important that we make sure we are ready to implement that contract when
and if we get that finalized and officially awarded.

There are a few other things on the JV side, but a lot of those costs are going to come off our 2020 income
statement because of the partnerships that we announced. There's still some of that because not all of
it's coming off, and we still have some assets on balance sheet, some assets off-balance sheet. But the
-- really, the opportunity here is to be able to scale it, as Bruce has said, be able to scale that business
and be able to grow it more quickly so that we don't have additional losses going forward. The idea is to
remove those losses. So hopefully that answers your question.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of George Hill from Deutsche Bank.

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Maybe switching gears for a second, talk a little bit about pharmacy. You've seen some of your competitors
kind of pursue some interesting partnership strategies, and you guys have had the decline in Med
D enrollment. I guess do you feel like you need to partner up with somebody, either on the rebate
aggregation side or the pharmacy network side, to get better economics out of your pharmacy business?
And do you feel like the current partnerships that you have right now are delivering the rates that you
need in that book?

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

I would first say, we are always looking for ways to bring lower cost to our members. So whether it's in --
and we do have some generic partnerships today that we buy with and through. So I would say the recent
announcement that you're referring to is something that others do, but I wouldn't say we're not exempt
from that, but we just don't broadcast it. But we do orient to how do we have a cost of goods, and we
constantly are checking that. And what we find is that we are very, very competitive in the marketplace.

The Part D decline is not so much of a cost of goods conversation. It's more around just the pricing of the
product itself. And as Brian articulated, with the unique aspect of Part D is you can't start a plan without
removing a plan, and it gets complicated to do that, and that's what you see happening. So I would say
it's more on the planned design side for Part D than it is on the side of the cost of goods.

And related to the pharmacy, I -- we're constantly looking for ways to expand our capabilities, whether
that's from a delivery point of view to care and clinical point of view like in specialty pharmacy and, in
addition, in areas that are more oriented to rebates. I would just say that we are content today, but I
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

wouldn't say that content is something that we are going to continue. We will continue as we did with
Enclara and other things that we've done this past year to like to advance them. But again, I think the
emphasis to the question is, I would not connect the Part D decline to capabilities within our pharmacy as
a whole.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of Kevin Fischbeck from Bank of America.

Kevin Mark Fischbeck
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Great. I wanted to go back to the commercial conversation. I don't remember if you actually gave it, but
what was commercial trend in 2019? Just -- I understand the concept of risk converting into ASO, but
you raised your MLR guidance multiple times through the year, and then the fact that you experienced
negative development almost every quarter through the year implies that, that trend is rising. And just
trying to understand why that's not the case. And I heard your comments about why you feel better
about next year. But given that consistent MLR guidance increase and given the consistent negative
development, how much confidence, I guess, do you really have on your visibility into that book right
now?

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

So again, I would distinguish between core trend and sort of the net trend that we're seeing as -- on
account of sort of the morbidity mix in our book. Our core trends are relatively stable. I would say, just
like last year, 6%, plus or minus the 50 is -- 50 basis points is sort of a reasonable place to be. We ended
up in that range for 2019. It's really the net trend. Once it sort of filters through in the membership that
we have and our morbidity mix, that's what's driving that. Obviously, our commercial book is small. And
as a consequence, it's hard to extrapolate broader for those with larger books, whatever it may be. And
just ours is very focused. It's almost entirely small-group-based. Well north of 50% of our premium comes
from lives under 100 or groups under 100. And so we're in this interesting part of the marketplace that I
think has just been going through a lot of change with respect to the ACA community-rated block, the 2
to 50 block, the migration to LFP, the grandmother, grandfather products. It's just -- there's just been a
lot of churn in that market. And so that's really been -- where we've been focused. As Bruce said, we want
to move upmarket a little bit into the more mid group, larger group space to be more relevant in certain
key markets. And we're -- it is a strategic objective of ours to do that. I would say, we're always mindful of
trend and where it's going, but we're less focused on the core trend side than we are in the business mix
that we're attracting. So hopefully, that distinction makes sense.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of Josh Raskin from Nephron Research.

Joshua Richard Raskin
Nephron Research LLC

I want to just get back to the primary care conversation and maybe just take a step back. You've got a
whole bunch of different assets and strategies around this broad strategy of physician enablement. And I
guess I want to understand what's the ultimate goal? Is this about growing your market share in Medicare
Advantage? Is this about improving the core profitability of your MA book? Or is this about controlling
medical cost spend and sort of creating a new sort of business segment, business line that over time can
kind of augment the overall Humana? I'm just curious about sort of where this all starts in terms of -- and
what the end game is.

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Let me try to take that and put it in a few elements. It originates out -- we feel that this is a very
effective care model. And I think as Peter asked a while back, we've been doing this for some time and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

we have a lot of proven results from this. And when you look at our members in these programs and
all the results there, the one thing I didn't mention is also retention is higher. And so we see wonderful
performance out of there. And if we could wave a magic wand, we would want 100% of our members in
these programs for all the reasons we've talked about. The challenge we find in today's world is that the
fee-for-service payment model and the model, the operating model, within that is sort of what dominates
the health care system. And our ability to put seniors in these type of clinics is very -- there isn't a lot of
supply. I mean, as you all know, DaVita was probably the one and only that had scale there. And so over
the last few years, we've tried to find a way to scale it through joint ventures and alliances, as what Brian
was talking about. And in addition to have our proprietary product because what we want to make sure of
is over time, we have a product that when we're in a market that we have stability in our network and that
we're able to fulfill that. And these particular products allow us to both -- if we have ownership and other
contractual rights, that allows us to control our destiny in markets that we want to ensure our members
have the proper providers, too.

And that -- so the first is great performance, second is the ability to have in the market protection around
the -- we call it the supply chain. And then the third is once you begin to go those 2 routes, then there's
a question of how do you optimize that -- the performance of that business. And what you see us doing is
saying, it needs to be agnostic. It needs to be a business upon itself. It needs to be able to grow and serve
the community there which benefits us as both as an owner of the product, but also it benefits our plan
because our plan is also being able to have a lower cost serving there and more effective. And so then it
turns into how do we maximize the business on itself. But it originates from what's best for our member
and then goes to how do we control and ensure that we have stability in the marketplace for our supply
chain. And then the third thing it moves to is now to how do we maximize the business there. Where it
ultimately ends up as I think you're going to see, as Brian said, we want to double our membership in this
particular area over the next few years. And you're seeing that Welsh Carson is one of them along with our
affiliates are another way to do that. But over time, I think the investors will see that this will be another
part of our business, no different than when we started pharmacy years ago, and it became part of that
and no difference than what you'll see with the home, that it will be a business that will be profitable, it
will be valuable from a shareholder point of view, but it also will be valuable for our members' point of
view.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley.

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

My question focuses on the partnership with Microsoft and Epic. What are kind of like the time lines
on deploying Epic in patient EMR? It really captures the data, the member data across the Humana
enterprise. And then as we think about this longer term, does this really become sort of a prerequisite for
clinic partnerships outside kind of like the Humana homegrown base?

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I'll take that. Interoperability is at a core, what we see enables value-based payment models and the
ability for us to manage complex patients just because of the complexity of the system and the complexity
of people's conditions. So to answer your first question, just where are we in that journey? Microsoft and
Epic are really 2 different journeys, but both are well along the way. In the Microsoft approach, we really
have 3 different horizons. One is the cloud and moving everything to cloud and allowing a much more
agile environment and at the same time, building a longitudinal health record that allows us to use FHIR
and interoperability inside the organization and outside the organization. And both of those things are
well on their way. We have -- I think we announced last year -- last quarter some partners that we've
already rolled out, part of the longitudinal record. And so that is now in -- structurally there. We just have
to continue to add our partners to it. This year, we'll be bringing on all of Kindred in that relationship as a
result of them completing their EMR install. There's a number of providers through the Compass product
that we have that are using the longitudinal record along with some of our pharmacy areas, including

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

Enclara that we just acquired. So we have a really good progress going on in both the cloud conversion. I
think cloud conversion over -- is going to take about 5 years. But what you see -- and most of that is the
traditional technology that's been around for a long period of time taking the longest.

On the Epic side, what you see is we are in -- we just -- really, we have a number of hospitals today
that we are now passing information back and forth through in the Epic conversion -- I mean the Epic
connection. That is in use case only. We're not really announcing what those use cases are. But we are
in market with a number of hospitals. These are integrated systems that we are passing information
back and forth with the Epic area. But these are the beginning of a long process, no different than what
we're talking with the clinics about the ability to have interoperability, which leads me to the third. It is a
standard we will employ in with our clinics of having interoperability. Most of our clinics today already have
that interoperability. You'll just see us continue to do it more. But more importantly, through any kind of
deep partnership, we are looking for interoperability to be a part of that partnership, no different than the
value-based payment models and other mechanisms that we use, but interoperability will be an important
part of that.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of Steve Tanal from Goldman Sachs.

Stephen Tanal

I wanted to go back to the HIF repeal in '21. Obviously, sort of all in, worth over $9 to EPS before
any offsets and kind of a uniform magnitude impact to MAOs across the industry, which tends to be
concentrated at the local level. So I guess is there any reason to think that MA plans won't act rationally
to use a portion of the pretax tailwind to absorb any headwind, the rule change on ESRD patients creates?
And relatedly, if you could maybe comment on any advocacy efforts with CMS on this front, whether the
agency has been receptive against the issue and your expectations for what we'll see there, whether
they'll provide actuarially sound rates for ESRD patients in '21 when the advanced notice is tomorrow.
Kind of curious if this risk factor could actually turn into an earnings opportunity.

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

So I think it's fair to say, obviously, the HIF tailwind would certainly help offset any ESRD headwind.
And I think what we're trying to just understand is the magnitude of that headwind. Over the coming
months, we're doing lots of modeling in various scenarios that would drive different levels of penetration
in ESRD, which would obviously impact the 2021 earnings profile. It wouldn't be crazy to think that ESRD
penetration could get to Medicare Advantage levels. We'll see. We're modeling that. There's been a bunch
of commentary on The Street about that by various analysts. And so we are working through that. I
think it's important to really break the population into 2 buckets, one being duals, one being nonduals,
to really understand the impact. On the dual side, MA could have some appeal to them just because of
the supplementary benefits, particularly around transportation and some over-the-counter benefits. And
so that's one of the things we're looking at. And on the nondual side, particularly the under 65 ESRD
population, you really need to look at where MedSup is and understand what the MedSup availability is
for these various folks. And in some states, it's not available or it's not required to be available or there
are significant premiums. And so it's certainly a premium for someone to buy it. And so that's what we're
really trying to understand, what the impact will be. Again, we feel good about where we are for 2021.
Obviously, the health insurance fee is a big positive.

And on the advocacy side, clearly, rates is one factor, and we'll see where CMS comes out. I think it's just
important for people to understand why the benchmark may be understated. And that's a function of the
fact that there is not a maximum out of pocket in fee-for-service while there is in MA. And so that impacts
the cost. And also, typically, people -- HMOs pay higher rates than original Medicare to the large dialysis
providers. And so that also impacts the cost. So obviously, rate is one element. Making sure that there's
competition in the marketplace is another in terms of the provision of dialysis care. And so we're working
with CMS on that but in terms of some of the CON state, CON requirements around what people can build
in terms of getting the CON laws, getting through those as well as basic conditions for coverage and what

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

sort of innovative capabilities can we bring to bear in the ESRD space, whether it's around home, whether
it's around micro clinics, various alternative sites of care to provide dialysis. But regardless, we're working
very hard on it. We're standing up clinical teams. We'll do -- take these members. And over the long term,
we understand why it makes sense to bring ESRD into this population. We just need to manage the short-
term transition.

So long-winded answer to your question, we're taking it from multiple angles, modeling it appropriately,
doing appropriate advocacy and then preparing the clinical side and working with our dialysis partners to
come up with creative risk-sharing mechanisms to help drive outcomes. So hopefully, that's helpful.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Giacobbe from Citi.

Ralph Giacobbe
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Just wanted to ask on the individual MA membership, you added almost 230,000 members during AEP.
When I look at last year, you added almost 10% of total enrollment in OEP and then you saw further
growth in sort of the aging in D-SNP. So I guess when I look at that 270,000 to 330,000 range, it seems
like you're trending closer to the higher end, if not even above that. Is that fair? Or help us with other
considerations sort of this year versus last year that may not make that be the case.

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

Well, obviously, we hope you're right, but there's a lot of game left to play. And I would say that we feel
good about the 270,000 to 330,000 that we put out there. We finished AEP at around 229,000 for the
January lives. And I think this year is different than last year in that. Our -- on a relative basis, we're not
as strong from a benefit design as we were on a relative basis in 2019. And so you have to see what the
sales are going to be and what are the terms going to be. Obviously, the sales opportunities are a little
bit less in the post-AEP than the pre -- than during AEP. And you saw the terminations in your book, and
we have a larger book. And so if you have a similar term rate, you actually lose more lives, right? And so
those are the types of things we're working through. We're closely monitoring OEP. It seems to be going
well. We'll see where it ultimately shakes out. But I would just say we feel good about the 270,000 to
330,000 that we put out.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of Frank Morgan from RBC Capital Markets.

Frank George Morgan
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I wanted to go back to the health care side of the business. I think you said -- I want to confirm, you said
you had completed the Homecare Homebase conversion. So the -- I'm assuming that means the drag
from that conversion should be completed. And then what are sort of your early reads on PDGM in the
-- on the home health care side, are you seeing your rates higher or lower or flat? And then finally, just
what's the -- what kind of financial drag would you be removing from your income statement and balance
sheet with moving those assets into this partnership in primary care?

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

Okay. So on Homecare Homebase, it is completed. It was a herculean effort. I think the team did it faster
than any conversion that's happened before. Just the magnitude of an EMR conversion on both the home
and hospice side is very significant. The team did an extraordinary job, and so we're very excited about
that. And so that drag is no longer there for 2020, although it was meaningful for 2019. And that's part
of the increase in EBITDA that you're seeing in the Healthcare Services side. I think it's still too early to
comment on PDGM. I think things are going as we planned and as expected. They're adjusting to the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

change in the payment model. The impacts of that are reflected in our 2020 numbers. But I think the
team feels good about mitigating the EBITDA impact of that. The important side for us, in particular, is
the clinical side, and we're excited about the movement of the model. It's much more -- as I said earlier,
it's much more of a chronic nursing model. And so that's positive. But it does change the operating model
when your -- when you have a payment model like this that is focused on these chronic conditions. And so
they're working through that and I think doing a very nice job.

We haven't called out the specific financial drag on the clinics. Broadly, depending on the size of the clinic,
to get to profitability, you're talking sort of high single digits million EBITDA to get to profitability over
a several year period, including the CapEx. So you can multiply through and see some of the impact. I
mean, ultimately, the size of the facility, the $600 million facility, is effectively over a period of P&L burn
that we're taking off our income statement. That -- the purpose of the facility is to fund those losses. And
so I think that gives you the order of magnitude over the life cycle of the investment, what the impact is.
And typically, by year 4, year 5, these things are really starting to break even and drive profitability. So
I think that gives you a broad sense of the impact, which is why it's so important that we did this so we
could scale the opportunity.

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Frank, I know your question wasn't inferring this, but I'd just like to emphasize it. The main reason
why we're doing this with WCAS is to scale the business. And that's really what Brian was articulating
because we feel it's a great addition to the organization. And we -- the organization is ready to scale it.
Some of the things that Brian was talking about were some barriers to do it. But at the end of the day, we
want to scale this and begin to start getting more and more members in our proprietary product.

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

I would just add one more point because we get this question all the time. I want to make sure investors
have this. So there's a -- in terms of where the EBITDA per clinic can go because we get asked that all the
time. And it really can vary. So some of the smaller clinics could be $2 million, $3 million, $4 million. Some
of the bigger clinics could be $6 million, $7 million, $8 million. So it really depends on the size of the clinic
in terms of EBITDA. But when you look at the economics, just the return on capital on individual clinic,
when these get to profitability, it's a really good model.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette from Barclays.

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

So 2 questions around the first quarter of 2020. First, for the Group and Specialty segment, you're
targeting 84% to 84.5% benefit ratio for the full year. But given that the jump-off point in 4Q in '19 is in
the 95% range, I guess I'm curious, will that gradually trend back down throughout 2020? Or will your
improvement show up immediately, such that 1Q '20, that the segment may be in line with the full year
range, somewhere in that mid-80% range. So that's question one.

Then question two, also around 1Q. I mean the stock is at $20 right now, so it's a focus on the slight
negative. But the adjusted tax rate in 4Q '19, I think, came somewhere in the mid-single digits probably
due to the Group and Specialty segment results. But just given your comment around 1Q '20 earnings
being 24% of the full year, should we assume the overall tax rate normalizes back to, call it, 30% or so in
1Q '20?

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. It's a fair question. We don't give quarterly MER guidance by segment, as you know. But I think it's
fair to say, the group -- the way the group segment works is the MER is low in the first part of the year,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

then it increases as people get through their deductibles. So I think in terms of the way you think about
it, the sort of quarterly progression of MERs, you can look at historical patterns and see what it is for the
group business and just use our annual number and frac it out accordingly. But just the way the benefit
design works, it's lower MER at the beginning and then it ramps up through the year as people go through
their deductibles and we start covering the cost.

On the tax rate side, really 2 drivers. One is what's -- I guess there was the windfall tax, which is we
have stock vestings in December. And it's where -- when our stocks -- stock annually vest and we had a
big run-up in our stock. And so the tax deduction is larger, and that drives the improved tax rate. As you
know, the stock moved a lot in the last few months, and it's been volatile. But when it occurred, when the
vesting occurred, we had the windfall benefit. We also saw profitability show up in different states a little
-- somewhere lower tax states than we expected. So small moves in that can impact the tax rate a bit.
And so that was also driving it. So it was really for those 2 reasons that we had a lower tax rate.

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

But in general, when you look at the tax rate on an annual basis, it remained relatively the same. I mean
there's a 50 basis points change. So when you look at it on an annual side, it's had minimum impact on it.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Gary Taylor from JPMorgan.

Gary Paul Taylor
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Most of my questions answered. I'll just be real quick. When we go to the Healthcare Services EBITDA
growth, I think 17% at the midpoint. I know you've covered some of the onetime investments you're
lapping, et cetera. Is it possible to help us think about organic versus acquisition? Is it contemplated? Is
any of the trailing acquisitions or any forward acquisitions are in that number? Or is that a pretty pure
organic growth for 2020?

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

There is some acquisition in there from the Enclara deal, though it's -- I would say it's relatively small.
That would be acquisition. I do think there are some, as you said, lapping investments on Homecare
Homebase, which helps -- I would say, most is organic improvement. But if you're sort of trying to model
beyond 2020, I wouldn't expect that kind of EBITDA growth beyond 2020. I think it'll more normalize
to a lower level. So I think that's a fair question. There are some good guys in there. But the business
organically is growing very nicely. I mean really, all elements, pharmacy, home and primary care, are
growing nicely organically. So it's -- I would say it's a balanced EBITDA growth, but there are some good
guys in there for 2020.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Whit Mayo from UBS.

Benjamin Whitman Mayo
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Just a quick one on D-SNP. The performance has been pretty impressive. Brian, maybe just any color
around benefits, design, plan, strategy, anything that's contributed to the recent performance? And any
expectations for the rest of the year? Is this a onetime boost through open enrollment? Or do you see the
momentum continuing throughout the year?

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

So we're certainly hopeful that the D-SNP growth continues. We'll see where it goes. We are proud of the
D-SNP growth that we've achieved. I think on the benefit side, we continue to emphasize some of the
over-the-counter benefits and a few other things. I wouldn't say there was anything dramatically different
this year. I think it's really a focus of the organization, leveraging some of our distribution channels to
make sure we are appealing to the D-SNP population. It's also, frankly, offering D-SNPs in more counties
as well and so expanding that as well. And so it's really a combination of things. But yes, I would just tell
you that it's certainly an organizational focus of ours in driving the distribution and sales of that product.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of Scott Fidel from Stephens.

Scott J. Fidel
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Just wanted to toggle back over to Group and Specialty. And definitely, it sounds like you're still committed
to the business in terms of the investments that you're making and hoping for brighter days ahead. When
we look at the 2020 guide, it still is implying pretax margin, still sub-2% and top line growth, sub-2%
as well. So if we think that some of these bets that you're making around the investments do ultimately
pay off, what type of growth rates do you think in pretax margins are reasonable to think about being
sustainable in the longer term?

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. It's a fair question, Scott. I'm really not prepared today to give details on margin and growth. I
do think the margins are clearly not nearly where they need to be. We haven't given a margin target
on group, and I'm not prepared to do that today. But I would tell you that we do expect margins to
improve. The ASO level-funded margins are much better and will continue to get better as we mature
in that product. And hopefully, as we move upmarket, we'll also see some margin improvement as we
leverage some of the unit cost benefits we can get by being a bigger presence in the marketplace. And
again, I -- we hope we can continue to grow the level-funded product, but also grow upmarket as well in
terms of the top line. And so yes, the goal would be to start growing that top line in addition to getting
the PMPM benefits that you get in the group space. So we do think there's an opportunity there. But
I wouldn't expect significant growth. I just -- we're hopeful that we can really turn it around and start
gaining measured growth as we move forward here in both frankly top end and bottom line. And also
importantly, just the cross-sell benefit that I mentioned on the specialty side and on the Medicare side,
that's an important part of this as well. That won't show up directly in the segment results.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of Michael Newshel from Evercore.

Michael Anthony Newshel
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Maybe just going back to the HIF repeal, and I appreciate you're not committing to anything in 2021.
But I just wanted to confirm that long term since you're still targeting that 4.5% to 5% pretax margin
since that's ultimately a higher net margin once HIF is gone. So is it just fair to say that the nondeductible
headwind will still drop back to margins eventually, but maybe just not all immediately if you favor
enrollment growth more instead for a period of time? Is that the right way to frame it?

Brian Andrew Kane
Chief Financial Officer

I think that's fair. We're committed to 4.5% to 5%. Similarly, on the tax reform, we did the same thing
where it went below and then it came back up. And so yes, we're committed to 4.5% to 5%.

Amy K. Smith
Vice President of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

Great. Thank you. I think that was our last question.

Bruce Dale Broussard
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Well, I'll just close it out. Again, thanks for all our investors and especially today, considering it
lasted for 1.5 hours. So we have a lot of engaged investors. So we appreciate that. And as importantly,
thanks to the 50,000 people that get up every day and help our members achieve their best health there.
So everyone, have a great week, and we'll talk to you next quarter.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

HUMANA INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 05, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

