Huntington Bancshares Incorporated 

NasdaqGS:HBAN
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 23, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.25

0.03

(88.00 %)

0.23

0.99

1.08

Revenue  (mm)

1153.50

1151.00

(0.22 %)

1175.23

4697.22

4746.51

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-09-2020 11:09 AM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

0.32

0.33

0.31

0.25

0.33

0.34

0.31

0.03

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3.12 %

3.03 %

0.00 %

(88.00 %)

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Mark A. Muth
Senior VP & Director of Investor
Relations

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief
Credit Officer

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

ANALYSTS

Erika Najarian
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Steven A. Alexopoulos
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Greetings. Welcome to Huntington Bancshares first quarter earnings Call. [Instruction operator] As a
reminder, this conference is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations.

Mark A. Muth
Senior VP & Director of Investor Relations

Thanks, Sharon. Welcome. I'm Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies
of the slides we will be reviewing can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website,
www.huntington.com. The call is being recorded and will be available for replay, starting about 1 hour
from the close of the call.

Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial
Officer; and Rich Pohle, Chief Credit Officer.

As noted on Slide 2, today's discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements.
Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to
changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no
obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to
this slide and materials filed with the SEC, including our most recent forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings.

Let me now turn it over to Steve where he'll start on Slide 3.

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Mark, and thank you to everyone for joining the call today. Before we begin, I'd like to express my
sympathies to those of you who've lost family members or friends or who've been directly impacted by the
virus.

I want to open today with an overview of how we've reacted to the onset of the pandemic, both the
challenges it has created as well as the opportunities. The pandemic has caused unprecedented disruption
around the world. Extreme market volatility has altered the global economic landscape, and the virus has
changed the way we live our daily lives. Changed how business is conducted in the short term, probably
the long-term as well.

For Huntington, I believe, our purpose and our deeply rooted culture are an extraordinary asset. Our
purpose of looking out for people has guided our planning and responses to the pandemic. From the
beginning, we recognized the pandemic is first and foremost a public health crisis. Therefore, our priority
has always been the safety and well-being of our colleagues and our customers.

Many of our colleagues are on the front lines with our customers every day, and it's challenged us to serve
our customers in new ways. To ensure their safety in our branches, we moved early to drive-through only
with in-person meetings by appointment. We closed all in-store branches and traditional branches, which
did not have a drive-through. For most other colleagues, we implemented a work-from-home policy and
now have more than 80% of our colleagues working remotely. This is possible because of the commitment
and flexibility of our colleagues and because of the tremendous work by our technology teams to keep
everyone connected and productive.

We've benefited from the diligent work performed by our business continuity planning teams over the
years. We also increased our communication with colleagues, not only to keep them informed but also to
keep them engaged and in a position to help our customers.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Finally, we added new benefits for our colleagues, such as emergency payed time off and other programs
for those whose families were directly impacted by the virus, and we took actions to enhance the mental
and physical well-being of our colleagues.

It was clear immediately that our customers would face financial hardships because of the pandemic. We
took swift action early and publicly, announcing a variety of relief measures that included loan payment
deferrals, fee waivers and the suspension of foreclosures and repossessions. These measures addressed
our customers' critical short-term needs, but we believe they also demonstrated our purpose in action,
showing our customers that we are there for them now and will continue to support them in the future.
We believe it's in our best mutual interest to work with our customers during tough times, relationships
are strengthened in these moments.

Thousands of colleagues from across the bank mobilized to help small business and commercial customers
access the SBA Paycheck Protection Program. And over the last 3 weeks, we've redeployed and trained
over 700 colleagues to support the heavy volume of SBA applications. I'm pleased to say that we
processed almost 26,000 applications in record time with a loan volume of more than $6.1 billion. We
were able to process almost every one of these applications into the SBA E-Tran system before it closed
when funding was exhausted on April 16.

We entered 2020 with a relatively healthy economic backdrop across our footprint and prospects for the
national economy appeared to be picking up. However, the pandemic has altered that trajectory for the
foreseeable future, and we believe the economy will be challenged for some time. We've tried to assess
what is in store for the economy now. We've informed our thinking with multiple potential economic
scenarios. The best case is characterized by a deep V-shaped economy with a trough in the second
quarter, followed by a relatively strong recovery later this year.

A more likely scenario could be described as a long U-shaped recovery in which the trough extends later
into the year, and then the economy does not recover back to pre-COVID activity levels until well into
2022. Over the course of the last 2 months, the economic outlook has progressively deteriorated, and it
appears that the reopening of the economy will be more protracted than initially expected, and a U-shaped
recovery is the increasingly likely scenario.

So given this highly uncertain environment and rapidly evolving outlook, we do not believe we can provide
any meaningful expectations for the full year at this time. Therefore, we have withdrawn our formal 2020
full year guidance. Our visibility is generally limited to the next few months, and the range of potential
outcomes on the key metrics is quite wide. Instead, Zach will provide some near-term expectations later
in the presentation.

Conservative view on the economic outlook also informs our thinking on how we manage capital, liquidity
and credit. Zach and Rich will discuss our current metrics on these items later, but I'd like to discuss
generally how we're thinking about risk management. And as we've previously discussed, over the past
decade, we've fundamentally changed Huntington's enterprise risk management. We believe it's now a
stress for the company as compared to a clear weakness during the prior cycle.

Slide 10 in the presentation details several of the key improvements we've implemented, but they all
began with the establishment of our aggregate moderate- to low-risk appetite in 2009 and the alignment
of our credit strategy and policy with that appetite. We also centralized credit underwriting and portfolio
management, implemented credit concentration limits and materially repositioned the balance sheet
over time. We implemented a deep relationship focus across the bank, focusing on the primary bank
relationships and exiting loan-only relationships that did not meet appropriate return hurdles.

In subsequent years, we took actions such as tightening our consumer lending standards to focus on super
prime customers across all our consumer lending products and tightened our underwriting of commercial
real estate. We established conservative standards and policies for leveraged lending as well.

We pointed out over time that the only comparison of potential loss for the sector is the Federal Reserve's
DFAST stress test. As shown on Slide 11, our modeled cumulative loan losses in the fed's severely adverse
scenario are consistently among the best in the peer group. As we assess the current environment

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

with respect to the credit impact, we've tried to be conservative, and you can see this is the level of
provisioning and our allowance for credit losses.

We're taking a similar conservative view -- conservative approach to capital. Our capital ratios are strong.
We intend to maintain high capital ratios as a source of strength to support our customers' needs and to
be positioned to take advantage of growth opportunities.

With that, let me turn it over to Zach.

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Slide 4 provides the highlights for the 2020 first quarter.
Clearly, results were significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. While our underlying earnings
momentum was strong, first quarter results included provision for credit losses of $441 million, over 3.5x
net charge-offs recognized during the quarter. This was driven by the severely weakened economic outlook
compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. Rich will go into more detail regarding the drivers of the increase
in our provision shortly, but now let's turn to Slide 5 to review our pretax, preprovision earnings.

Year-over-year, pretax, preprovision earnings growth was 2%. We believe this is strong performance in
light of the challenges of the interest rate environment and the rapid decline in short-term rates year-to-
date. Total revenue increased 1% versus the year ago quarter as growth in fee income more than offset
modest pressure on spread revenues. Specifically, robust mortgage banking income growth of 176% and
50% growth in capital markets fees drove the $42 million or 13% year-over-year growth in noninterest
income.

FTE net interest income decreased $33 million or 4% year-over-year as 25 basis points of NIM
compression overwhelmed 3% growth in average earning assets. On a linked quarter basis, the NIM
expanded 2 basis points as we continue to be pleased with the results of our hedging program and our
diligent efforts to reduce our deposit costs.

I would like to call your attention to 2 slides in the appendix that provide important additional information
regarding our efforts in these 2 areas to support the margin. Slide 28 summarizes the hedging actions
we've taken to reduce the unfavorable impacts of interest rate volatility and lower interest rate
environment. We continuously monitor and prudently refine our interest rate risk management as the
interest rate environment, balance sheet mix and other factors necessitate.

Slide 29 provides an update on the reduction in deposit costs as CDs and money market promotional rates
repriced lower and we actively managed commercial deposit costs. The slide illustrates the downward
trajectory of our total interest-bearing deposit costs by month since July 2019, including a 21 basis point
decline from February to March. We expect this downward trend to continue given the deposit repricing
opportunities that remain in 2020.

Total expenses were essentially unchanged from the year ago quarter. This expense discipline reflects
the actions we took in the 2019 fourth quarter to reduce our overhead expense run rate, including the
reduction of 200 positions and the closure of 31 in-store branches as well as actions we took during Q1
to quickly react to the current environment, balanced against the impact of continued investment in our
technology capabilities.

During the quarter, we began the first steps of a multipart expense management plan for 2020, which
provided some benefit in the quarter by reducing the most immediately flexible expense loss. I will provide
more details on this later.

Finally, I would like to note that the normal slides detailing comparisons for our net interest income, net
interest margin, fee income and noninterest expense can be found in the appendix.

Turning to Slide 6, average earning assets increased to $2.6 billion or 3% compared to the year ago
quarter. Average total securities increased 5% from the year ago quarter, reflecting portfolio growth and
the mark-to-market on our available-for-sale securities. We are no longer reinvesting securities cash flows

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

and instead are using this liquidity to fund loan growth. Average loans and leases increased $900 million
or 1% year-over-year primarily driven by the consumer portfolio. Consumer loan growth remained focused
on the residential mortgage portfolio, reflecting robust originations over the past 4 quarters.

Average commercial and industrial loans increased 1% from the year ago quarter as commercial activity
was restrained by economic uncertainty during the first 2 months of the quarter. However, on a linked
quarter basis, we saw end-of-period C&I loans grow 7%, reflecting significant drawdown activity on credit
lines.

During March, we saw $2.5 billion of commercial credit lines. While we've seen draw activity continue in
the first weeks of April with another $700 million drawn through April 15, the pace has started to slow
significantly. It is uncertain how long customers will retain these funds as extra liquidity and a backstop
against ongoing disruption in the credit markets.

We continue to actively manage our commercial real estate portfolio around current levels with average
CRE loans reflecting a 2% year-over-year decrease. Turning now to Slide 7. Average core deposits
increased 1% year-over-year. Note that this growth rate was negatively impacted by the June 2019
sale of the Wisconsin retail branch network, which included approximately $725 million or almost 1%
of core deposits. On a linked quarter basis, end-of-period total deposits increased 5%, reflecting the
aforementioned draws of commercial lines that were subsequently maintained on the balance sheet in
various commercial deposit products. Importantly, the amount of commercial deposit inflows over the
past several weeks has essentially matched the amount of commercial line draws, allowing us to maintain
excess liquidity to meet future customer lending needs.

We continue to see a migration in deposit balances from CDs and savings into money market accounts,
reflecting shifting customer preferences and a shift in the focus of our promotional pricing. Average money
market deposits increased 8% year-over-year, while savings decreased 7% and core CDs decreased 35%.
We expect this dynamic to continue through 2020.

Average interest-bearing DDA deposits increased 7% year-over-year, while noninterest-bearing DDA
increased 1%. As shown on Slide 36 in the appendix, we are very pleased that our consumer noninterest-
bearing deposits increased 5% year-over-year. This growth highlights our continued focus on new
customer acquisition and relationship deepening.

Slide 8 continues the continued -- illustrates the continued strength of our capital ratios. The common
equity Tier 1 ratio, or CET1, ended the quarter at 9.47%, down 37 basis points year-over-year. The
tangible common equity ratio, or TCE, ended the quarter at 7.52%, down 5 basis points from a year ago.

During the first quarter through mid-March, we repurchased 7.1 million common shares at an average
cost of $12.38 per share or a total of $88 million. When the COVID-19 pandemic first started to impact
the U.S., we paused our buyback for the remainder of the first quarter. We do not currently intend to
repurchase any shares for the balance of 2020.

This morning, we announced the Board declared the second quarter cash dividend of $0.15 per common
share, unchanged from the prior quarter. We expect to sustain the dividend at this level.

During periods of macro stress and market volatility, managing liquidity is paramount. Our position of
strength and liquidity draws its foundation from our deposit base and the depth of our relationship with
our customers. Our ratio of loans to deposits is stable at 90%. In addition, we have considerable additional
sources of liquidity, including our portfolio of liquid securities and borrowing capacity at the Federal Home
Loan Bank and Federal Reserve discount window.

Slide 9 highlights our relative capital strength. Over the past few years, we have maintained our capital
position and are now in the top 1/3 of regional banking peers on total risk-based capital. Our dividend
yield is also in the high end of the peer group.

Let me now turn it over to Rich to cover credit, including CECL. Rich?

Richard A. Pohle

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

Thanks, Zach. Before I provide details on the performance of the first quarter, I wanted to elaborate on
the comments Steve touched on at the beginning of the call.

Slide 10 details some of these decisions we have made and credit risk management enhancements we
have implemented. In 2017, we heightened our underwriting standards for leveraged lending. Since we
drafted our leveraged lending policy in 2015, we have used a conservative senior leverage multiple of 2.5x
to qualify as a leveraged loan for our borrowers with less than $500 million of revenue. Also in 2017, we
began leveraging the underwriting infrastructure and standards of our auto finance business in the RV and
marine portfolio that was expanded through the FirstMerit acquisition. We call that our indirect auto and
floor plan -- dealer floor plan portfolios are among the best-performing in DFAST.

We've prepared for the eventual economic downturn. We adjusted our health care portfolio by curtailing
new construction originations in the long-term care segment. Our health care construction portfolio is
now down 60% from where it was in 2016. Over the past couple of years, we have continued to refine
our credit underwriting, consistent with our aggregate moderate- to low-risk appetite. We have increased
FICO score cuts across our HELOC and RV and Marine books and held our commercial businesses to higher
standards with respect to credit policy exceptions. So we entered the current credit environment with a
portfolio that has been continually fine-tuned over the last several years.

Slide 11 illustrates the relative rankings of model cumulative loan losses for Huntington and our peers
under Federal Reserve's severely adverse scenarios of the DFAST exercise. As Steve has mentioned over
time, this is the only true comparison of credit risk across the sector that we know of, and it provides us
independent validation of the credit risk management we have implemented. We like that our portfolio is
evenly split between consumer and commercial businesses. It gives us nice diversification in periods of
stress, and our DFAST numbers reflect as much. Still, the aforementioned steps have strengthened the
quality of our loan portfolios.

Turning now to the first quarter credit results and metrics. Slide 12 provides a walk of our allowance for
credit losses, or ACL, following the adoption of CECL on January 1, 2020, and the first quarter provision.
The ACL increased to 2.05% of total loans, up from 1.18% at 2019 year-end. The increase was comprised
of the $393 million day-1 adjustment and a $323 million reserve bill via day-2 provisioning during the first
quarter. As you'll recall, the day-1 increase was a function of our 50% weighting in the consumer portfolio,
which has a much longer weighted average life and therefore, a larger lifetime loss under CECL.

For the quarter, our reserve build consisted of a $258 million increase due primarily to the ongoing
economic uncertainty and a $65 million net increase in our specific reserves, almost exclusively against
our oil and gas portfolio. The Q1 ACL now includes a 20% reserve against our oil and gas portfolio.

Multiple data points were used to size the adjustment we made in Q1, including the Moody's baseline
scenario that showed unemployment rising to near 9% and GDP levels falling by 18% in Q2, and different
levels of recovery in subsequent quarters. We also weigh the unprecedented level of government stimulus,
both to consumers as well as businesses, and the potential support to the economy it will provide. These
factors drove our Q1 provision.

The more recent April economic models now show further deterioration with unemployment reaching
12.5% and GDP falling by 30% in Q2, and an improvement in Q3 that provides less of a net recovery than
the March base case showed. We will continue to evaluate data points like these as we size our provision
expense for the second quarter.

Slide 13 shows our NPAs and TDRs and demonstrates the impact that our oil and gas portfolio has had on
our overall level of NPAs. We have discussed for several quarters the challenges we see with this portfolio
and have been proactive in recognizing the earnings impact we anticipate as commodity prices continue to
range below economical levels for this industry.

Oil and Gas NPAs represent just under 1/2 of our commercial NPAs and 1/3 of our overall NPAs. They are
also a significant contributor to our Q1 NPA increase. Notably, over 90%, from a dollar standpoint, of these

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

NPAs remain current with respect to principal and interest payments. Outside of our oil and gas portfolio,
commercial NPAs were reduced in the first quarter by $65 million.

Slide 14 demonstrates that we have a fairly modest exposure to some of the areas that have been hardest
hit by COVID-19 to date. We have recently completed deep dive into nearly all these portfolios and are
comfortable with our teams' assessment of the current situation. Our restaurant exposure is primarily to
national quick service brands that have maintained drive up operations, and our sandwich and pizza chain
customers have been open for takeout service to offset the declines in in-house seating.

Slide 15 details our leveraged lending portfolio. Our conservative definition uses 2.5x senior leverage
for borrowers with under $500 million of revenues to account for heightened risks in leveraging smaller
companies. Our leveraged loan book represents under 4% of our total loans and as a percentage of capital
is at its lowest point in several years. We focus on borrowers that are weighted toward manufacturers as
opposed to service and other asset-light borrowers, they tend to provide more collateral.

Within the manufacturing segment of our leveraged lending book, there are no subsegments that account
for more than 20%. We've deliberately avoided covenant-light term loan B structures because to play in
that market generally requires providing an understructured pari-passu revolving credit commitment as
well. That revolver is typically undrawn at closing but represents potential contingent risk in a down cycle.
We hold regular reviews of this portfolio, and underwriting follows a consistent corporate process with a
designated leveraged lending credit executive responsible for its review.

Slide 16 provides a snapshot of key credit quality metrics for the quarter. Net charge-offs represented
annualized 62 basis points of average loans and leases in the current quarter, up from 39 basis points in
the prior quarter and up from 38 basis points in the year ago quarter. The increase was centered on the oil
and gas portfolio and 1 large coal-related commercial credit, which together made up approximately 3/4 of
the total commercial net charge-offs.

The oil and gas portfolio continues to be impacted by commodity prices and limited capital markets
activity. As I mentioned earlier, we have allocated significant reserves against this portfolio.

Annualized net charge-offs, excluding the oil and gas and coal-related losses, were 30 basis points,
demonstrating that the balance of our portfolio performed well in Q1. Our remaining coal exposure is
under $200 million, of which 20% carries an investment-grade guarantee.

Nonperforming asset ratio increased 9 basis points to linked quarter and 14 basis points year-over-year
to 75 basis points due to the oil and gas impact I described earlier. Consumer charge-offs were down to
35 basis points in Q1 as compared to 41 basis points a year ago, demonstrating our continued strong
consumer portfolio. As always, we have provided additional granularity by portfolio in the analyst package
in the slides.

Let me turn it back over to Zach.

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Thank you, Rich. As Steve mentioned earlier, we have withdrawn our 2020 full year guidance. Historically,
we have refrained from providing quarterly guidance as it implies a much shorter time horizon than we
manage the company. That said, we want to provide to you as much insight into key business trends
as we can, so we will focus on where we can frame realistic expectations. Therefore, Slide 17 provides
comments on the second quarter.

Starting with loans, the $3.2 billion of commercial line draws we saw in March and into early April will
drive average commercial loans 4% to 5% higher over the near term, excluding any impact of the $6
billion of SBA PPP loans and any additional SBA PPP loans made in the next phase. We currently expect the
majority of commercial line draws to remain outstanding for the next several months. The duration of the
PPP loans is uncertain, but we expect a large majority of them to be forgiven and to come off the sheet
quickly.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

We expect consumer loans to be flat to modestly lower. The auto portfolio and to a lesser extent, the
RV/marine portfolio is expected to reduce as vehicle sales activity declines. We expect the preexisting
trend of runoff in home equity to continue, and we expect the residential mortgage portfolio to be flat to
modestly higher in the second quarter as robust level of refinancing activity acts as a governor on growth.
We expect average core deposits to increase 2% to 3% linked quarter. Similar to our expectations for
commercial loans, we expect the recent influx of commercial deposits, again, excluding the impact of PPP,
to remain on the balance sheet through the second quarter. We expect average consumer core deposits to
be flat to slightly higher as slowing customer deposit acquisition is offset by similar reductions and attrition
given altered branch traffic and consumer behaviors.

On the other hand, we expect the bulk of the proceeds of the PPP program will steadily flow out of the
bank over the next 8 weeks, consistent with the intent of the program. We do not expect deposit growth
to fully fund loan growth in the second quarter.

Moving to the income statement. Provisioning is a key driver of variability in the Q2 earnings outlook,
but revenue and noninterest expenses also have a wider-than-normal range of possible outcomes. We've
modeled various realistic scenarios for the revenue and expense outlook, some of which provide the
opportunity for us to achieve our annual goal of positive operating leverage and some of which do not. We
continue to believe that positive operating leverage is an important part of our long-term value-creation
model, but we will not allow a short-term view of this 1 metric to dictate our decisions. We constantly
strive to find the right balance between the short- and long-term results.

Within these confines, we expect total revenue to decline 4% to 5% linked quarter as the larger average
balance sheet is more than offset by moderate pressure on the organic NIM and the COVID-19-related
declines in fee income.

Customer activity-based fee income line items, including deposit service charges, card and payment
processing, are all expected to be pressured. Mortgage banking is expected to remain robust, but
historically wide secondary marketing spreads are expected to gradually reduce. All combined, our current
expectation is for fee income to be down approximately 10% sequentially.

We have a little more control and less visibility into the expense outlook for the second quarter. We expect
noninterest expenses to increase between 5% and 6% on a sequential basis driven primarily by the
seasonal increase in compensation-related expense related to the annual long-term incentives and annual
merit increases partially offset by our expense reduction actions. On a year-over-year basis, expenses will
be lower by 2%.

We have begun a rigorous expense management plan. We entered 2020, like prior years, having
constructed expense management contingency plans. And when the challenges facing 2020 became clear,
we began implementing these plans. Our approach is focused on 4 categories of expenses: discretionary
expenses, such as travel and sponsorships; investments, including marketing, the pacing and prioritization
of digital and technology investments and planned business expansions; structural expenses, such
as the size and composition of our branch network and corporate facilities infrastructure; and finally,
organizational expenses, which include the size of the organization and compensation levels across the
company. The actions we will take across these categories vary in terms of how quickly they can be
implemented.

The quickest expense levers we can pull are within discretionary spending. Our travel and entertainment
spending has been reduced dramatically as a result of the lockdown and social distancing measures. We
are also curtailing nonessential consulting and outside services expenses.

In the investment category, given the macro environment depressing customer acquisition activities, we
are prudently reducing near-term marketing expenses. We're also scrutinizing all preexisting business
expansion plans and have delayed some initiatives. However, we are maintaining our digital and mobile
technology investments.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

While less immediate in impact, the decisions regarding structural and organizational expenses will
provide opportunities to reduce our future expense trajectory. We will not be providing details at this time
regarding the ultimate scale or timing of our expense actions, but know that we are taking decisive action.

Finally, the most uncertain item in the earnings outlook is credit provisioning. We currently expect net
charge-offs in the second quarter to be near the high end of our average through-the-cycle target range
of 35 to 55 basis points. This is reflective of the ongoing pressure in the oil and gas portfolio as well as
broader economic considerations.

Fundamentally, our credit remains sound. However, the economic outlook has continued to deteriorate
since quarter end and remains highly uncertain. This will result in elevated provisioning and additional
reserve building in the second quarter and most likely for the next several quarters. It is too much -- it is
much too early to estimate the ultimate size of the additional reserve build, but you should expect us to
remain conservative in our approach to credit risk management.

I will now turn it over to Mark so we can get to your questions. Mark?

Mark A. Muth
Senior VP & Director of Investor Relations
Thanks, Zach. Sharon, we'll now take questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instruction] Our first question is from Erika Najarian with Bank of America.

Erika Najarian
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

My first question is for Rich. I'm wondering if you could give us a sense on -- of how your allowance was
allocated by loan category, please.

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

Yes. By loan category, I mean, we've got -- the consumer was about $144 million and commercial was
$261 million to get to the 2.05% total allowance. That's the breakdown that we've got for that. I think,
Erika, you have to -- the challenge that we have with the allowance in this quarter is the models really
weren't trained for this, right? And so we had the severe decline in the economic scenario and then the
government stimulus that is forthcoming but really hasn't shown up yet at the end of the first quarter. So
there's a lot of judgment that went into setting the provision this quarter or various economic models that
came out throughout the month of March. We did look at a number of factors when we set the provisions.
We believe that we've got the coverage ratio at the end of the quarter where we want them.

Erika Najarian
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Got it. And my follow-up question is, I appreciate the detail on reserves relative to DFAST losses. When
I look at the fed-run tests and even your company-run tests from 2018, it seems like there's a pretty
significant contribution still from commercial real estate. And I'm wondering, as we think about how future
charge-offs in this type of recession can play out for Huntington, what are sort of model biases in the
stress test model, and I guess, I'm leading the question a little bit by referring to commercial real estate,
that might distort how we're thinking about what can actually be incurred in terms of charge-offs. In other
words, is -- what part of the stress test is very backward-looking in terms of historical losses in CRE? And
what part of the stress tests, obviously, unemployment is one play, seems to be not severe enough?

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

So as it relates to -- I think you hit the nail on the head, the DFAST numbers are backwards looking.
So the fundamental change that has transpired over this company since the last downturn has been
remarkable. And I would say that commercial real estate is probably the one area where we are so
fundamentally different today than we were going back. I mean we had close to 5,000 customers on
the commercial real estate side going into the last downturn. We have about 300 today. So there's a
clear focus on Tier-1 sponsors, Tier-2 sponsors, institutional sponsors. And so we're really focused on
knowing the developer in not only the projects that we're financing but the projects that might be financed
somewhere else to make sure that we're not overextended there.

We also -- from a percentage of capital standpoint, we're over 200% of capital going into the last
downturn. We're under 100% of capital today and with very strict limits on various supplements within the
commercial real estate space. So I think that's the biggest one.

As it relates to some of the other things, clearly, unemployment is going to be a big driver of losses on the
consumer side. I think the DFAST results there have been very consistent over time, and our consumer
charge-offs in the DFAST scenarios have been at the top of our peer group. So I feel very good about
where we stand in a lot of the consumer categories relative to the DFAST results from '20.

Stephen D. Steinour

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Chairman, President & CEO

Erika, I might add. This is Steve. The joblessness or unemployment levels in Ohio and Michigan were
double digit when we made the changes to the consumer lending policies, and the models that we have
used subsequently have that base in them. So I think 10.3% in Ohio and 14-and-a-fraction percent in
Michigan. So that has drove us to a super prime level of origination. We use our prop score, but the
equivalent FICOs you've seen quarterly for 10 years, and we will attack the book.

So we believe we've got a very sound consumer loan portfolio and the performance expectations around
that will be, we believe, supported through this cycle, notwithstanding higher unemployment and
somewhat higher losses. And we've been talking for several quarters about oil and gas as an outsized
exposure for us in terms of risk of loss, clearly outside of our aggregate moderate-to-low appetite. And
we've also shared that we expect to address that substantially early this year, having started to do that
last year. So these are all -- these oil and gas credits are all SNCCs. Our losses from what we can tell are
coming -- we're taking earlier than -- certainly earlier than required, including the nonaccrual decisions.
And I think we're frankly going to be slightly ahead or ahead of others in the industry in that regard.

Operator

Our next question is from Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I was hoping for maybe a little more detail on the overall modifications and deferrals. Definitely get the
number of customers, but maybe if there are some dollars of total modifications in both the consumer and
commercial portfolios?

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

I'm happy to answer that for you, Scott. It's Rich. Yes, on the consumer side, it's about $2 billion of
deferrals that we've processed. We also have made some deferrals for some of the mortgages that we're
servicing agent on. But for our book, it's about $2 billion.

On the commercial side, it's about $6 billion, but I would say half of that is in our auto floorplan
dealerships, and we're counting the curtailments in that number. And most of what we're doing in the
auto floorplan space is more curtailment than payment deferral. Clearly, we need the cars to be on the
lots a little bit longer than they have been historically, just given the current environment. So if you --
digging into some of the other areas where we've provided deferrals on the commercial real estate and the
hospitality space, and retail is one other area on the commercial side. And then in the franchise restaurant
space, we've also been active with deferrals.

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. That's perfect. And then just on sort of those latter points you made. Maybe if we exclude the
floorplan because that makes plenty of sense logically, but in the remaining commercial deferrals, do you
have a sense for how much of those deferrals, you would say, are kind of necessary or needed versus how
much is customers sort of taking advantage of kind of insurance in this environment?

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

I would say that the commercial real estate deferrals are needed for the most part. The hotel occupancy
rates, given where they are, I felt like I was the only one in the hotel I was at last night. So I think
anecdotally, that's a need. I think the cash crunch in commercial real estate is real. We generally did not
have a high bar on proving that you needed it. Part of our looking out for customers is being there when
they need us. And so our thought was if you're asking for a deferral, we're generally going to give it to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

you, but I haven't come back and scientifically determined who really needed it and who didn't. I would
just point that commercial real estate is probably the area that needed it most.

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

And of the $6 billion floorplan was...

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

$3 billion.

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

$3 billion of the $6 billion, Scott. So -- and many of the showrooms just frankly aren't open, so
understandable there. We take a slightly different view on the consumer side, just to share with you.
We actually -- the fact that they've asked for deferrals, we take it as a good sign that they intend to
stay in the residents or keep the car or other things. With the rapid increase in unemployment, these
indications are actually positive from our perspective versus '08, '09 when it was hard to communicate
with customers. They tended to let houses go. I think the nature of this health crisis will be much more
likelihood to protect the house than we would've seen in that prior cycle.

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

The other thing I just point you to is at the time of the deferral, 98% of our consumer and even a higher
number of our commercial customers were current. So it wasn't as though this was kind of the delinquent
customers reaching out for our help. These are good customers that needed the assistance.

Operator

Our next question is from John Pancari with Evercore ISI.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I appreciate the color you just gave regarding the prior -- the stress test and the changes in your business
mix over time, and how that can impact your through-cycle losses. I was just wondering if you could
maybe, therefore, help us think about what a fair through-cycle loss level would be, given your current
mix and given what you're looking at now in terms of your assessment of the economic outlook? I know
it's tough, but we want to try to get a better idea of what we're looking at.

And then separately, I know on Slide 11, you point to the reserve being 42% of the 2018 to really adverse
DFAST, but you also indicated that the April data is pointing to -- or did point to worsening. What do you
think the incremental reserve additions could go to here? Where do you think an appropriate relative
percentage of DFAST is likely fair here?

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

John, I'm going to be challenged to answer both of your questions. And I think as it relates through-the-
cycle losses, I think the challenge that we all face is just the uncertainty that we're dealing with right now
as to how long this is going to last and what the new behaviors are coming out of this. We feel good about
the book going into it. On the consumer side, we -- very good credit quality there. We have pointed out on
the commercial side that we're going to have likely elevated charge-offs in oil and gas. Beyond that, it's
really hard to come up with a forecast for charge-offs through the cycle here.

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

So John, we're hoping to get a better view this quarter if this return-to-work status changes. Right now,
next week, Ohio looks like it's going to implement on May 1. Michigan, following that, middle of May. And
as these industries start spooling up again, we'll get a better sense of what the recovery might look like.
But I think this is going to be dynamic, and best case would be to have a view of this quarter. I think it's
more likely going to be third or fourth quarter before we really understand what the growth rates could be
to come off what will be this very challenging moment of time and the sustainability of these businesses,
and ultimately, how they're going to repay us.

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

Yes. So as it relates to what you might see in the second quarter, we're clearly going to probably snap
that line at the end of the quarter. We'll take a look at all the new scenarios, we'll look at the impact of
the stimulus. Like I mentioned, a lot of that is just kind of reaching the businesses and customers now.
There'll be a lot more data that we'll have at the end of the second quarter to decide what the provision
expense would be for the quarter. It's going to be just really tough to estimate that right now.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then you indicated, Zach, in your prepared remarks that you expect to sustain
the dividend. Can you just give us your thought process around that? And does that incorporate the
updated data that you see coming in now post the quarter? And just your thought process around the
sustainability.

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Our intention is to maintain the dividend at the current level. We think that we've got the right capital
levels to support that, and we'll continue to monitor it and model, but we think it's the appropriate and
sustainable level for now.

Operator

Our next question is from Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.

Steven A. Alexopoulos
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So to start, just to follow-up on Erika's and John's question around DFAST. I think what a lot of us are
struggling with is that when we look at CECL, it's supposed to look at lifetime losses. The global economy
is basically shut down. And I think we're trying to understand, if you look at that framework and you're
coming up with a reserve that's only 40% of DFAST losses, it seems really low. And I think we're trying to
get at isn't a large reserve build again coming? Like how do we reconcile the framework of what's going on
in the economy and the size of the reserve versus your own internal stress tests?

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

Steve, it's Rich. I think DFAST and CECL are really 2 different exercises. You can try to link them together,
but there are fundamental differences in the assumptions for each. The DFAST scenario, the severely
adverse is a deep scenario that continues for an extended period of time, and it also assumes that you're
continuing to make loans during that period. There are all sorts of dynamics that go into that. CECL on
the other hand is you're looking at something that is reasonable, supportable over a period of time that
eventually returns to the mean. And so you're running in a scenario that we'll have a 2- or 3-year life,
and then there's a reversion to the mean on that. And it's also assuming you don't make another loan. So
while I think the CECL to DFAST comparison is a good data point. I also don't think you can necessarily
draw too much from it, conclusion wise.

Steven A. Alexopoulos

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. That's fair. And just for a follow-up, so if we look at Slide 14, the COVID-impacted sectors, I'm
surprised you're not calling out some of your auto exposures, I think about floorplan or RV. Are you not
expecting to see material decline in revenues for these sectors, right, particularly auto?

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

Yes. I mean we've talked about auto. We feel that there is going to be a short-term impact to auto. We
don't necessarily think it's going to fall under the same category as hotels and some of the other areas
where it could just be a protracted longer impact. I think, ultimately, people are going to get out and buy
cars, probably at a reduced level. But we don't see the impact to auto and to a lesser extent, RV that we
do with some of the other ones that we've got in here.

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

So the floorplan, Steven, are to dealers that have multiple flags. In the '08, '09, '10 cycle, we didn't
have a delinquency. The strategy is consistent. These are very strong, typically multi-generation family
dealerships that have enormous wealth created over that time and dealers that we believe will be very
supportive to the extent they need to. Part of our underwriting also looks at coverage ratio service and
parts to fix charge, and most of these are really strong in that regard.

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

And just to piggyback on that, I mean, this -- obviously, we did do a deep dive on the auto portfolio, even
though it's not listed here. And from a liquidity standpoint, we feel the book is in very good shape.

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

We didn't have a charge-off in auto within, don't know, 2 decades in what we've originated, and we
certainly have a lot of conviction going forward in the quality of that book.

Operator

Our next question is from Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I guess, just a really quick question. In terms of the energy portfolio, I heard -- if I heard correctly, it was
a 20% reserve you have against this portfolio. There's other banks that we heard, like yesterday, has just
over a 2% reserve in their energy portfolio. Can you just talk about the characteristics of your energy
loans and how it might be different from some of the other banks that you would need such a materially
higher reserve on this portfolio?

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

Ken, well, as we all know, these are all SNCCs. So there's good company in the credits that we're in. So
I don't know that it's necessarily so much that our portfolio is any worse off than others. I think as Steve
has mentioned, we've been very proactive in recognizing the risks that we see in this book, and we have
taken losses in this book over the last 5 quarters that are pretty significant. And it's reasonable to assume
that we're going to have further losses. So when you see the headlines around the big banks starting to
form SPEs to take ownership of these credits rather than go through a liquidation process, I think it tells
you where the industry is heading in terms of dealing with troubled situations here. So we looked at our
book, and we feel that the long-term fundamentals, particularly for natural gas are still not strong. And
I think we've sized the reserve around this, taking into account where we see long-term prices, not so

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

much on where they are today but longer term. And just the fact that there is a lack of capital markets
activity in this space right now is completely different than what transpired in the last downturn. So we
think it's appropriate to put higher levels of reserves here, and we'll continue to review it as we go through
the spring borrowing base redeterminations and kind of size that reserve going forward.

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. And we think this is much more like the early mid-'80s where beginning with Penn Square in '83,
the industry got clobbered and stayed in a tough shape for 4 or 5 years. And so we're just trying to be
realistic with that view as to what we think the likely outcomes are for this portfolio. And certainly, we've
seen subsequent price deterioration as a result of OPEC and Russian issues on the oil side. There's some
spillover that's benefited gas in the short term, but these are going to be longer-term workouts. You're
going to see a lot of these companies combined. We do think the SPE is the way to go, as we did in the
mid-80s. I happen to have direct experience with this in that time frame, and at leads me and I think,
us as a consequence to be clear-eyed about what to expect in the future. And perhaps a bit conservative
relative to some others, but we'll see that over time.

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And then just my follow-up question. If I heard right, I think you said you
expected elevated provisions for the next several quarters. Can you just talk more -- it's more of a
conceptual question. But as I guess -- we would think that CECL should clearly front-end load a lot of the
provision expense, but I get there's a lot of uncertainty out there. Can you just talk about that dynamic,
which is how much can you really front load for your reserve build versus like when we get to, say,
fourth quarter, are you still maintaining a really high reserve even if -- and provision expense even if the
economy is not weakening at that point? It seems that provision should be a lot lower by fourth quarter, if
I'm not mistaken.

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

Yes. I mean the whole concept around CECL is that you are recognizing the losses today on the book that
you have today, right? So in a perfect world, if you had perfect foresight into what the economic variables
were and they didn't change, you wouldn't have to make any further adjustments. But clearly, we're in
a very dynamic market where the economic assumptions that we have to use for the life of a loan are
going to materially change over the next several quarters, and that's what's going to drive the additions,
or down the road, hopefully, the release of reserves under the CECL methodology.

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

I think, Ken, it's -- we're in a downdraft moment. But as we reopen in these different states, we'll start to
get a floor and stabilization and the resiliency and recovery. And that could very well happen in the time
frames you mentioned based on the fiscal stimulus. We'll be part of that, the banking industry, Huntington
will as well. And for the sake of the country, it's great to see the industry in such good shape. So I think
we've got a moment here, a quarter or so, a couple of quarters, where things are a bit uncertain, but I
think the picture will clarify in the foreseeable future. And that clarity will give us the basis to have more
confidence in projections and sharing those with you collectively. And I think it will lead us to a position
where having been intentionally conservative will see a better day on the horizon where I hope there'll be
some reserve recovery.

Operator

Our next question is from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

One question on the capital front. So you're right in the middle of that 9.5% CET1, 9% to 10% zone
that you enjoy. Do you want to try to stay around that? And also, how does TCE, if at all, come into your
thought process around maintaining capital ratios?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. And this is Zach, I'll take this one. So our CET1 for Q1 ended at just about 9.5%. Our goal was to
be in the high end of the 9% to 10% range over time. And I would expect continued growth in capital
towards the year-end, that's the plan and intention at this point. I think the fact that we mentioned we
paused on share repurchases for the time being and for the foreseeable future will be a major driver of
that. And we continue to model, as you might imagine, the numerable scenarios around where the year
could play out here. But the expectation is sort of continually rising towards the end of the year to the
high end of the 9% to 10% range. So that's on CET1.

You talked about TCE. TCE ended at just about 7.5%. I think it was 7.52% precisely. And likewise, our
goal was to be in the somewhat higher than that level. So I expect that ratio to trend higher throughout
the year as well.

We think about both of the metrics, to be honest. We look at both of them just as much internally as
each other. And CET1 is a critical regulatory measure. It's also very comparable across banks. And so it's
helpful, I think, for us and for you to understand the relative position. TCE is a key governor, though, as
well. And particularly in the last downturn when capital was precious, that measure loomed large. And so
we're conscious that both matter, and we factor both into our decisions. I think that said, as I look at the
trajectory in both of them, they're pretty similar shapes. And I would expect both to be rising modestly
toward the back half of this year.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. Got it. And just a follow-up on the auto and RV/Marine side. Just in terms of the growth outlook,
you generally mentioned it in terms of your outlook on the consumer side. And we noticed that the loan
originations in the first quarter $1.6 billion in auto, probably the lowest we've seen in a long time. Do you
have a way of helping us understand given the uncertainly, albeit, just what you expect volume growth to
traject like in auto and RV/Marine?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. I mean we really don't have a great view on it kind of longer term in the year. That's why we tried to
realistically give you what Q2 will look like. And we do expect a continued modest downdrafts in auto, just
given the dynamics we've been talking about before about auto dealerships being largely shuttered, and
therefore, sales activity being lower. It really will depend on the pace of the recovery and what it looks like
to see to what degree we start to see regrowth sequentially quarter-to-quarter in the back half of the year.

From a Marine -- RV/Marine perspective, I think we're expecting less downdraft because that portfolio was
always very, very super prime, very focused on the regions where that was a key lifestyle purchase for
people, and it's a relatively smaller book, too. So I think probably expect more flattish to down-ish there,
but we're also watching that pretty carefully.

I think you didn't ask, but on the residential mortgage side, we expect continued robust demand, as you
might expect, and essentially pretty flat growth there, just given that demand offsetting portfolio runoff as
we redo their mortgages off us.

Operator

We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back
over to Steve for closing remarks.

Stephen D. Steinour

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you all. We've talked a lot today about the pandemic. We've reviewed the resulting economic
challenges, and perhaps, most importantly, what we don't know yet. So I'd like to ask you to take a step
back, and I'll offer you some perspective.

Having been in this industry for 4 decades, I've seen uncertainty before. And while this pandemic and the
elevated concern it brings is very different than any prior periods in my career, we will get through this
as a country. The one thing we know from history is Americans are resilient at the core. We as a nation, I
believe, have much better days ahead. We're going to learn and adapt, as we have in the past, and build
stronger, more nimble organizations as a result. This will be a time of change and innovation resulting in
growth, and I believe Huntington is well positioned to move forward. We will emerge stronger and better
as a result of the hard work of our colleagues and their concern for our customers. Their commitment can
be clearly seen in the way they quickly reoriented to new working arrangements, responded to customer
needs and of course, helped the businesses in our local communities through the SBA PPP program. Their
unwavering commitment to our purpose has been inspiring, and I'm proud of what our colleagues stand
for and the ways they've looked out for our customers.

As I reminded you frequently in the past, our colleagues, along with our Board, are among the largest
shareholders of Huntington, collectively among the 10 largest. This is -- the challenges we face today are
exactly why we changed our compensation plans in 2010 to make sure we are aligned with long-term
shareholders. Preparing for times like this is also why we took actions enumerated on Slide 10, amongst
others, to position Huntington to outperform through the cycle. I remain confident about our long-term
prospects as we manage through this challenging environment.

With that, I want to thank you very much for your interest in Huntington. Have a great day.

Operator
Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you
for your participation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

