Huntington Bancshares Incorporated 

NasdaqGS:HBAN
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, January 22, 2021 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.29

0.27

(6.90 %)

0.34

0.71

0.69

(2.82 %)

1.10

1251.45

1234.00

(1.39 %)

1215.08

4832.30

4815.00

(0.36 %)

4862.89

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-22-2021 1:15 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.25

0.07

0.25

0.29

0.03

0.13

0.27

0.27

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

SURPRISE

(88.00 %)

85.71 %

8.00 %

(6.90 %)

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Mark A. Muth
Senior VP & Director of Investor
Relations

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief
Credit Officer

Scott Brewer
Corporate Development Director of
Huntington Bank

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

ANALYSTS

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Erika Najarian
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jon Glenn Arfstrom
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Peter J. Winter
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research
Division

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Steven A. Alexopoulos
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations.

Mark A. Muth
Senior VP & Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Melissa. Welcome. I'm Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies
of the slides we'll be reviewing can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website,
www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about 1
hour from the close of the call.

Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial
Officer; and Rich Pohle, Chief Credit Officer.

As noted on Slide 2, today's discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements.
Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to
changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no
obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to
this slide and material filed with the SEC, including our most recent forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings.

With that, let me now turn it over to Steve.

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Slide 3 provides an overview of Huntington's strategy to build
the leading people-first digitally powered bank in the nation. Our 2020 results demonstrate that we're
driving revenue growth despite headwinds. We're focused on acquiring new customers and deepening
those relationships to gain both market share and share of wallet. We are investing in customer-centric
products, services and digital technology that will drive sustainable growth and outperformance, both
today and for years to come.

Huntington operates an intentionally diversified business model, balanced between commercial and
consumer, which provides a good mix of revenue and credit exposure. We've built a competitive advantage
with our consistently superior customer service and our differentiated products and services. We are
committed to developing best-in-class digital capabilities like our mobile banking app, which has been
recognized as the highest in customer satisfaction by J.D. Power 2 years in a row. In 2020, we introduced
several new innovative products and features that will continue to serve our customers' needs and
differentiate Huntington from the competition.

We are not done. We have a pipeline of innovative products and features that we will release throughout
the year. We have a proven track record of solid execution, adjusting our operating plans to the
environment in order to drive shareholder returns. This allowed us to deliver our eighth consecutive
year of positive operating leverage in 2020. Our focused execution has and will enable us to ensure
investments in the products, people and digital capabilities, which will drive sustainable long-term growth
and outperformance.

We are particularly excited about the TCF acquisition we announced last month, which provides additional
scale and growth opportunities. We filed the bank regulatory applications last week and announced the
planned consolidation of 198 branches. We are making good progress on our preparations for integration
later this year. We remain on track with the previously announced schedule for an expected closing date
late in the second quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2021

We are pleased with our 2020 results and continued momentum across the bank despite an extraordinarily
challenging operating environment. And I'm incredibly proud of the outstanding efforts of our colleagues
to overcome the challenges of the pandemic as well as lookout for our customers. For the year, we grew
revenues 3%, loans 6% and core deposits 11%, while bottom line results and EPS were down due to
elevated provisioning required under the CECL reserve accounting, our pretax pre-provision earnings
increased 4%, and these are all very strong results.

We also closed the year with strengthening commercial loan production, as expected, in the fourth quarter.
Our consumer lending businesses, specialty home lending and vehicle finance, are continuing to provide
very good loan originations. Our home lending business achieved record mortgage originations for the
second consecutive year. Our deposit growth parallels the entire banking system, and we do not foresee
this changing anytime soon.

Our balance sheet is very well positioned with robust capital liquidity, and our hedging strategy has
reduced interest rate risk. 2020 also marked the tenth consecutive year of an increased cash dividend.
Credit quality continues to improve, illustrating that our decisive and conservative actions in the second
quarter appropriately identified the highest risk portions of our portfolio, allowing us to proactively work
with our customers.

As we enter 2021, I'm very encouraged not only by our momentum, but also the underlying strengths I
see in our local economies. Economic data shows that our footprint is recovering more quickly than the
nation as a whole, and our conversations with our customers support this. The unemployment rate in
November was below the national average in 5 of our 7 states, including our largest market in Ohio at
5.7%. Over 2.9 million jobs were created in our footprint between April and November, which means 24%
of the national total were created in these 7 states. Further, 44% of all manufacturing jobs created during
this period occurred in our footprint states.

The V-shaped manufacturing recovery is fueling regional economic growth, even though many
manufacturers continue to face challenges from supply chain disruptions, skilled labor shortages and
periodic plant shutdowns related to the virus. These inventory challenges are visible in the auto, RV and
marine industries and inform our belief that continued low dealer floorplan utilization rates to take at least
several more quarters to return to longer-term averages.

A recovery in employment boosted both the region's consumer confidence and consumer retail spending
above the respective 2020 national averages. Home prices continue to appreciate, especially with solid
increases in Ohio, Michigan, Pennsylvania and Indiana. The Midwest also led the country in year-over-year
growth in single-family home sales in the third quarter, up 56% compared to 39% for the nation.

Turning to our business. We're also seeing momentum. We saw an uptick in commercial loan activity
late in the fourth quarter, consistent with our prior guidance. We are also seeing continued strength
in consumer lending. As we enter the first quarter, our commercial pipelines also are up from a year
ago. We expect consumer lending to remain strong and commercial activity to continue to improve over
the course of the year. The consistently high level of execution we're seeing across our businesses,
strengthening commercial loan activity and constructive economic outlook are driving our strategy to
accelerate investments, leaning into the recovery to drive increasing growth over the intermediate term. It
also informed our decision to pursue and ultimately enter into the TCF acquisition.

Let me now turn it over to Zach for an overview of our financial performance.

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Slides 4 and 5 provide the financial highlights for the full
year 2020 and the fourth quarter, respectively. For the fourth quarter, we reported earnings per common
share of $0.27, return on average assets was 1.04% and return on average tangible common equity was
13.3%. Results continue to be impacted by the elevated level of credit provision expense, although it was
down meaningfully from the third quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2021

Now let's turn to Slide 6 to review our results in a little bit more detail. Annual pretax pre-provision
earnings growth was 4% for 2020. We believe this is a very solid performance in light of the low interest
rate environment and the economic challenges inflicted by the pandemic, illustrating the underlying
earnings power of the bank and the strategies we're executing.

Turning to the fourth quarter. Pretax pre-provision earnings increased 6% year-over-year. Total revenue
increased 7% versus last year, with 81% of growth balanced between spread revenues and fee income
-- sorry, $81 million of growth balance between spread revenue and fee income. Home lending was a
particular bright spot in 2020, and that remained true this quarter, continuing to drive fee income growth
of 10%. Our capital markets, wealth and investment management, card and payments and insurance
businesses all posted continued growth in the fourth quarter.

I should also note that deposit service charges remained below the year ago level as elevated customer
deposit account balances continue to moderate the recovery of this line. Total expenses were higher by
$55 million or 8% from the year ago quarter. Approximately $31 million or more than 4 percentage points
of this growth was driven by increased technology investments. Another $20 million or 3 percentage
points was the donation to the Columbus Foundation that we made at the year-end. The remaining
percentage point was primarily the net result of several unusual items, including TCF legal costs and debt
extinguishment costs. The underlying run rate of all other expenses was relatively flat.

Turning to Slide 7. FTE net interest income increased 6% as earning asset growth more than offset year-
over-year growth -- year-over-year NIM compression. As we've stated previously, our main focus is driving
risk-adjusted returns and revenue growth. In order to achieve this, we've taken actions to sustain net
interest income growth, some of which, as previously discussed, will also help us manage our NIM around
current levels for the foreseeable future. On a linked quarter basis, the NIM decreased 2 basis points to
2.94%. As shown in the reconciliation on the right side of the slide, the linked quarter decrease primarily
reflected the 3 basis point impact of a change in PPP loan terms to delay the initial repayments. This
revenue recognition accounting change had not been anticipated in the original Q4 guidance.

The other NIM drivers shown on the slide essentially offset each other to keep the NIM stable to slightly
higher, consistent with the expectations we provided on last quarter's earnings call. The anticipated
forgiveness of the majority of the first round of PPP loans over the next 2 quarters is expected to provide
a near-term boost to net interest income and NIM on a GAAP basis during those periods from the
accelerated loan fee recognition. As we have discussed previously, we're taking actions now on both sides
of the balance sheet to offset the inherent pressure caused on the margin by prolonged interest rate -- low
interest rate environment, managing the net interest margin near current levels on an underlying basis.

On the earning asset side, we are optimizing our earning asset mix by emphasizing disciplined pricing as
well as loan production in certain higher-yielding asset classes. We also expect to deploy an additional
$2 billion of excess liquidity into securities, picking up incremental yield. Lastly, we expect to continue to
reduce our funding costs, including further optimization of wholesale funding.

Moving to Slide 8. Average earning assets increased $12 billion or 12% compared to the year ago quarter,
driven by $6 billion of PPP loans and $5 billion increase in the aforementioned deposits at the Federal
Reserve. Average commercial and industrial loans increased 15% from the year ago quarter, primarily
reflecting the PPP loans. On a linked quarter basis, C&I loans increased modestly, notably benefiting from
strong production in asset-based lending. In addition, we saw commercial line utilization trends stabilized
and auto floorplan utilization modestly increased during the quarter. Consumer lending continues to
produce steady growth with residential mortgage, RV/Marine and indirect auto, all posting year-over-year
growth.

On a linked quarter basis, average earning asset growth primarily reflected the $1 billion or 5% increase in
average securities as we executed our plan to get securities back above the first quarter of 2020 quarter
end level by the end of 2020.

Turning to Slide 9, we will review the deposit growth and funding. Average core deposits increased 16%
year-on-year and 2% sequentially. These increases were driven by business and commercial growth
related to PPP loans and increased liquidity levels in reaction to the economic downturn. Consumer growth

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2021

largely related to government stimulus and similar elevated liquidity maintenance behaviors as well as
increased consumer and business banking account production with reduced account attrition.

Slide 10 highlights the more granular trends in commercial loans, total deposits, salable mortgage
originations and debit card spend as these are key indicators of behavior and economic activity among
our customers. As you can see on the top left chart, after remaining relatively stable for the prior several
months, commercial loan balances, excluding PPP, closed the year positively, thanks to strong production
in December as expected. Even following this flurry of activity at the year-end, our pipelines today are
higher than they were a year ago before the pandemic.

As previously mentioned, expected gradual normalization of commercial utilization rates provides
additional opportunity, which will help offset in the near-term headwind from 2020 PPP loans as they're
forgiven and repaid over the next 2 quarters. There were $225 million of PPP loans forgiven in the fourth
quarter. It's still too early to have a definitive view on the new phase of PPP, but we do expect that the
changes in the program that narrow the universe of small businesses eligible to participate. We expect
that the ultimate size of the new PPP loan production to be smaller than the phase 1 that we achieved in
2020.

The top right chart reflects the continued elevated deposit balances resulting from the factors I mentioned
previously, providing an attractive source of liquidity. The bottom 2 charts relate to customer activity
driving 2 of our key fee income lines. Mortgage banking salable originations remain historically robust,
particularly when taking into account the normal seasonality decline in Q4. On the bottom right, we
continue to see solid year-over-year growth in both debit card transactions and spend. Aside from the
brief period of turbulence at the initial imposition of stay at home and other restrictions in Q4, in the early
days of January, we've actually seen a further acceleration of debit spending driven by the recent stimulus
payments that is similar to the trend we saw earlier in 2020 during the first round of stimulus.

Slide 11 illustrates the continued strength of our capital and liquidity ratios. The common equity Tier 1
ratio, or CET1, ended the quarter at 10%, up slightly from last quarter. The tangible common equity ratio,
or TCE, ended the quarter at 7.16%, down 11 basis points sequentially. Both ratios remain within our
operating guidelines, and our strong capital levels position us well to execute on our growth initiatives and
adjustment opportunities.

Let me turn it over now to Rich to cover credit. Rich?

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

Thanks, Zach. Before we get into the credit results for the quarter and the entire year, I wanted to
reinforce the disciplined credit approach we have followed over the years that has allowed our portfolio to
come through this downturn with solid performance. This was due to the foundation we've been laying for
a decade now, beginning with instilling a cohesive culture that everyone in the company owns risk.

We reduced our commercial real estate portfolio from over 200% of capital to under 80% and curtailed
CRE construction lending, such that the fourth quarter represented the lowest level of construction
in terms of both absolute dollars and as a percentage of capital that we've had since the FirstMerit
acquisition in 2016. We slowed leverage lending originations in 2019 and ended 2020 with leveraged
loans virtually flat from year-end 2018. We transitioned our health care portfolio to diversify away from
long-term care and toward publicly held products and services companies and investment-grade hospital
systems, which together now make up 45% of the health care portfolio.

On the consumer side, we brought our expertise in indirect auto to our RV/Marine business and reduced
our exposure to second lien-high LTV home equity. These steps and many others have fundamentally
transformed the makeup of the Huntington loan portfolios since the last downturn. I'm also extremely
pleased with the impact of our 2020 portfolio management activities. First, we reduced our oil and gas
portfolio by $780 million or 59% since September 2019. The noncore portion of this portfolio has been
reduced to just $243 million. We performed a thorough portfolio review in 2Q that resulted in a net $1.1
billion increase to our criticized loans and put heightened visibility on these and other high-impact credits.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2021

Since 2Q, we've been able to reduce our [ crip ] class crit/class by $771 million by working with our
customers, while, at the same time, effectively managing risk.

Finally, our total consumer and commercial delinquency numbers are better than a year ago. We managed
nearly $6 billion of loans with payment deferrals, ending the year with just $217 million of loans with a
remaining deferral.

Turning now to the credit results and metrics. Slide 12 provides a walk of our allowance for credit losses
from year-end 2019 to year-end 2020. You can see our ACL now represents 2.29% of loans. The fourth
quarter allowance represents a modest $12 million reserve release from the third quarter. Like the
previous quarters in 2020, there are multiple data points used to size the provision expense for the fourth
quarter. The primary economic scenario within our loss estimation process was the November baseline
forecast. This scenario was much improved from the August baseline forecast we used in 3Q and assumes
unemployment in 2020 ending the year at 7.2% and increasing to 7.5% for the first 3 quarters of 2021 to
average 7.4% for the entire year. 2020 GDP ends the full year down 3.6% and demonstrates 4.1% growth
for all of 2021, with that growth peaking at 5.8% in the fourth quarter.

While a number of variables within the baseline economic scenario have improved, as have many of
our credit metrics for the quarter, there were still many uncertainties to deal with at December 31. The
impact of the COVID resurgence we face today, a smaller-than-expected economic stimulus package and
ongoing model challenges related to COVID economic forecasting. We believe maintaining coverage ratios
consistent with the third quarter is prudent when considering these factors.

Slide 13 shows our NPAs and TDRs and demonstrates the continued but more limited impact that our oil
and gas portfolio has on our overall level of NPAs. We expect modest oil and gas credit impacts as we head
into 2021. So this will be the last time we break out this portfolio within our overall credit results. In Q4,
we had 4 new NPAs over $5 million and just 1 over $15 million, all COVID related. 3 of these customers
are in Michigan, where the COVID restrictions have impacted their ability to reopen. As we signaled, we
also saw an increase in NPAs from our business banking portfolio. These credits were granular with only 7
exposures over $1 million. Despite this, total NPAs were reduced from the third quarter by $39 million or
6% and down from the second quarter peak by $150 million or 21%.

Slide 14 provides additional details around the financial accommodations we provided to our commercial
and consumer customers. As we forecasted on our third quarter call, the commercial deferrals have
dropped significantly and now total just $151 million, down from $942 million in Q3 and $5 billion at
Q2. We expect to have limited commercial deferral balances beyond SBA going forward. Commercial
delinquencies are very modest at just 15 basis points.

Our consumer deferrals have largely run their course as well, down to just $66 million as of December,
with post-deferral performance in line with our expectations across all the portfolio segments. Our
deferrals in auto, RV/Marine and home equity have nearly all lapsed, and we are managing these portfolios
consistent with our pre-pandemic strategies. We expect the remaining mortgage deferrals will continue to
work their way down to a de minimis level over the next quarter.

Slide 15 provides a snapshot of key credit quality metrics for the quarter. Our credit performance overall
was solid. Net charge-offs represented an annualized 55 basis points of average loans and leases. I'm
pleased to report our level of criticized loans was reduced by over $340 million or 11% in Q4, which is on
top of the $425 million or 12% reduction we saw in the third quarter. Our active portfolio management
process enabled us to identify potential problems early. Working with our customers, we continue to
proactively remedy a number of these loans. I would also add, our nonperforming asset ratio decreased 5
basis points linked quarter to 69 basis points, our second consecutive quarterly decline in NPAs. As always,
we've provided additional granularity by portfolio in the analyst package and the slides.

Let me turn it back over to Zach.

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2021

Thanks, Rich. Before we get to expectations, I want to spend a minute on our ongoing technology
investments and progress on digital engagement. Looking at slides 16 and 17, you can see a few select
illustrations of our continued progress on digital capabilities. In 2020, for example, we significantly
expanded our new product origination capabilities to mortgage, home equity, business checking and
savings and small business lending.

You can also see continued growth in digital engagement and usage levels in consumer and business
banking. As we've noted, we're investing in clearly defined digital development road maps across all our
major business lines that will help us drive momentum, delivering differentiated products and features
that will drive new customer acquisition, relationship deepening with existing customers and servicing
efficiencies, both internally and for our customers.

Finally, before we get to your questions, let's discuss Huntington's expectations for the full year 2021 on a
stand-alone basis, excluding TCF, as shown on Slide 18. Looking at the average balance sheet for the full
year '21, we expect average loans to increase between 2% and 4%, reflecting modestly higher commercial
loans, inclusive of PPP, and mid-single-digit growth in consumer loans. Excluding PPP, we would expect
to see mid-single-digit growth in both categories. As the economy -- economic recovery progresses, we
expect continued acceleration of loan growth over the course of the year. With respect to deposits, we
expect average balance sheet growth of 5% to 7% due to the elevated levels of commercial and consumer
core deposits, which we expect to persist for several more quarters.

Compared to the fourth quarter average balances, we expect modest deposit growth, primarily among
consumers, during the first half of the year before stabilizing in the second half. We expect to post full
year total revenue growth of approximately 1% to 3% and full year total expense growth of 3% to 5%.
With respect to revenues, we expect net interest income to be flat to modestly higher, driven by average
earning asset growth and a relatively stable NIM compared to the fourth quarter of 2020 level. This
guidance assumes the positive impact from the acceleration of PPP fees in the first half of the year, before
settling back down in the second half. However, noninterest income is expected to be flat to modestly
lower due to the challenging mortgage banking comparisons, partially offset by continued growth in capital
markets, carbon payments and our wealth and investment management business lines.

The current economic outlook presents compelling opportunities to invest in our businesses to
meaningfully gain share and accelerate growth over the moderate term, and we intend to capitalize on
that. Expense growth in 2021 is expected to be driven by our ongoing strategic investments in digital and
technology development, marketing and select personnel ads directly related to our strategic initiatives.
The remaining underlying run rate of noninvestment expenses is essentially flat. The investments we're
making are heavily front-end loaded, resulting in notably higher year-over-year expense growth rates in
the first half of the year. While expense growth is expected to outstrip revenue growth over the near term,
our commitment around positive operating leverage remains over the long term. Our expectation is to
bring the expense run rate to a level that is lower than the growth rate of revenue during the second half
of 2021.

Finally, our credit remains fundamentally sound. We expect full year 2021 net charge-offs to be around
the middle of our average through the cycle target range of 35 to 55 basis points with potential for some
moderate quarterly volatility. Reserve releases remain dependent upon economic recovery and related
credit performance. As a reminder, all expectations are standalone for Huntington and do not include
consideration made for the recently announced acquisition of TCF.

Now let me turn it back over to Mark, so we can get to your questions.

Mark A. Muth
Senior VP & Director of Investor Relations
Thanks, Zach. Lisa, we will now take questions. [Operator Instructions]

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I was hoping you could provide just a little more information around the inputs to -- in terms of your
allowance calculation. And the reason I ask that, I think most banks have, this quarter, seen significant
improvement in their ACL, call it, near 0 or certainly negative provision expense. And from what they
tell us, they're also being quite conservative in terms of some of their assumptions around economic
improvement. I would just love to just try to understand, I mean, to the extent possible, like how you're
thinking about your allowance differently than what they are? And kind of why your provision expense was
certainly much higher than sort of the trend that we've been seeing across the bank space this quarter?

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

Yes. Sure, Ken, this is Rich. I'll take that. So as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the -- we use the
November base case as the -- kind of the driver, but we use multiple scenarios. And I think if you look at
the base case assumptions, the November base case assumptions going back to 12/31 where we snapped
the chalk here, a number of them were in doubt, and some of them are still in doubt today as it relates to
the amount of stimulus, the COVID assumptions that are built into that. And so as we look at not only with
the economic forecast we're seeing, but some of the more qualitative and subjective assessments that
we make as part of our process, most COVID related, we didn't feel that there was enough certainty in
those forecasts to rely solely on those. And so there was a fair amount of qualitative judgment that we put
into the process, like we do every quarter to land the 2.29%. I mean the stimulus is still up in the air. All
those other types of things, we just thought it was premature to have a significant release. Keep in mind,
too, that we also had loan growth in the fourth quarter. So about $10 million of our provision expense was
driven by loan growth.

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

All right. Great. No, that's helpful. Sort of slightly related, unrelated question. So People's United
yesterday announced that they're exiting their in-store branches, the relationship they have with Stop &
Shop. And on the call, they actually made kind of a compelling case for why store branches kind of just
don't make a lot of sense anymore. I know you guys have long-term contracts with Giant Eagle, et cetera.
But what is -- if you didn't have those contracts, would it still make sense to have the in-store branches?
Does that value proposition still work?

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

Ken, this is Steve. The -- we've been well served by the in-store branches in the past. And you'll
remember, we went into those almost a decade ago. But last week, we announced -- last week, we filed
our Federal Reserve and OCC applications. So it's Monday a week ago. And in those apps, we announced
the consolidation of branches. And we have a very large in-store partnership with Meijer and Giant Eagle.
But as a result of the combination with first -- with TCF in Michigan, we've been in a position where
we're going to be consolidating 198 branches, very substantially in Michigan. And that will allow us to
cycle out of the in-store branches that we have with Meijer, which we've explained to the company. Just
excess distribution with nearly 500 points of distribution in the state of Michigan as a consequence of the
combination. So we are adjusting that partnership. There are other things we will look forward to doing
with that and some -- a few ideas on the drawing board as well.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2021

With Giant Eagle, we have consolidated a number of branches over the last year. There's the potential to
further consolidate around in-store to traditional as we go forward. We do think the -- we've been well
served by the nature of the economics around the in-store branches, but there is a changing distribution,
frankly, a thinning of distribution as we move forward. And as we've seen over the past year with the
pandemic, more and more home goods delivered, including groceries. And so store traffic, while the
volumes are up, the revenues are up, traffic is down and preference for doing banking activities in the in-
stores is changing a bit. Now having said that, we see very, very strong performance in the TCF in-stores,
which are in even denser metropolitan areas than we have with our 2 partners. So we've liked the channel
over time and continue to like aspects of it, and we're committed to, going forward, to Giant Eagle for the
next several years, and then we'll assess the TCF partners as we move forward.

But again, they're roughly 2.5, 3x the average size of Huntington in-store branches. They've been at it a
very long time. They have very patterned behavior. So I suspect we're going to like what we see as we get
further along with it.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

On your net interest margin outlook, I appreciate the color you gave for relative stability for the full year
margin versus 2020. Can you help us a little bit with how to think about the margin over the next couple
of quarters here, particularly in the next quarter, just in terms of the trajectory, given the liquidity levels,
how should we think about that?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. This is Zach. I'll take that question. Look, I think the margin outlook is to be relatively stable here
over the next several quarters and through the course of 2021. I do expect some calendarization, whereby
the first half of the year will be moderately higher than the second half given PPP loan acceleration
expected from the first round of PPP. We're expecting, by the way, about 85% of those PPP loans from
round 1 to be forgiven approximately half and half between Q1 and Q2. And so that will drive some
incremental net interest margin in the first couple of quarters, but generally, relatively flat over the period.

John G. Pancari
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. That helps. And then separately, also on the margin, I know you mentioned the efforts to support
the stability of the margin. On the securities side, I wanted to see if you can give us a little bit of color
around what you're putting money into, what types of securities and what types of yields you're seeing?
And then separately, you also mentioned that you're emphasizing growth in higher-yielding asset classes.
What loan areas would you flag from that perspective?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. No problem. Great question. I'll take that again. This is Zach. So in Q4, as I mentioned in my script,
we brought the securities portfolio back up to Q1 levels. From endpoint to endpoint, Q3 to Q4, to give
you a sense, it was about $2 billion of additional securities on a net basis. And the average yield we were
getting on that was 1.25% to give you a sense. Portfolio was running at 1.87%. So -- but it's still pretty
solid yield. And the mix is pretty similar to what we've invested in the past, mainly mortgage backs. As
we go into 2021, one important thing that I also said in my prepared remarks but I would highlight now
is that we are intending to invest an additional $2 billion, mostly in the first quarter, to bring the overall
securities portfolio up to $24 billion as a result of just continuing to monitor and watch the excess liquidity
levels and optimize the balance sheet.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2021

Likewise, those purchases are expected to be in the mortgage-backed securities structures, most notably
with a range of yields that we're forecasting sort between 1.20%, 1.30%. So pretty similar. As we go
forward, we're watching pretty closely any new rounds of stimulus, and certainly, the latest round of PPP,
which could cause us to increase that goal over time. We'll have to see where those land. But that's kind
of where we're running with those. I'll pause for a second and then move on to the other element you --
other aspect of the question you asked in terms of what assets we're looking at.

Just taking a step back, on our balance sheet optimization program, we are very confident in it. We're
already starting to see the traction of it. And it's split about half and half from funding optimization and
that asset growth mix optimization. And when you think about the asset growth mix optimization, it's
really focused on higher-yielding products like small business administration production, where we're, as
you know, the nation's leading producer. And also commercial categories like equipment finance, asset-
based lending. Those are really the biggest focus areas that I would call out for you as a headline.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I was hoping you might walk through the -- sort of the tweak to net charge-off guidance from last month.
I mean it certainly seems clear that credit concerns are kind of melting away for the industry. But just sort
of over the past 6 weeks, what in your mind has changed to take you from sort of the upper half of the
through the cycle range to sort of lowering that band as well?

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

Yes. It's Rich. I'll be happy to take that. There's a few things. One, we've just had more visibility on the
post-deferral experience that we've seen on both our consumer and commercial customers. And as those
deferrals are winding down, there's really no lagging credit impact that we saw there. The other piece of
it is just continued strength in the oil and gas sector. We had a lot of charge-off activity in 2020. We do
not expect to see charge-offs of that magnitude, certainly of that magnitude, in 2021. So we brought that
forecast down a little bit. But generally, we're seeing some decent traction with our commercial customers,
and the consumer book continues to perform very well. So those were the major things. We tweaked the
guidance, I think it's the right way to say it. We didn't -- it wasn't a wholesale change, but we do feel
better about the portfolio heading into 2021.

Scott Brewer
Corporate Development Director of Huntington Bank

Rich, if you don't mind, I'll add to that. It's Scott. Year-end delinquency is better than a year ago pre-
COVID. On the commercial side, the -- multiple quarters now of lower NPAs, lower crit/class, the economic
outlook, the combination of factors. And I think the oil and gas component of our charge-offs last year
were mid-teens, like 16, 17 bps.

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

17 basis points.

Scott Brewer
Corporate Development Director of Huntington Bank

17 bps. So that's eliminated. We don't expect to have oil and gas charge-offs. And then the high-risk
industries continue to look good. We obviously spend a lot of time on those every quarter. So at various
times during the quarter, especially as we get to quarter end, there's a lot of deeper review that's
triggered. And frankly, it looks good.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2021

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. Perfect. And then the final question was, Zach, you've talked a couple of times about optimization of
wholesale funding. Just curious as you look through the course of the year, maybe some color on the kind
of opportunities or options you have there.

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. I think it will be kind of more of the same of what we've talked about before, which is leveraging
the really strong liquidity and deposit gathering we've got to reduce over time the overall wholesale and
corporate debt levels. You saw us extinguish $500 million of debt in our tender that we did in Q4. I think
it's just kind of the opportunity to continue to leverage more core deposits to fund the company, frankly,
over the course of this year.

Look, this question of elevated liquidity and how long it will stay is sort of the $64,000 question, but we're
fairly convinced it's going to stay for a while, and it will likely go up, frankly, in the near term given some
of the new things that are coming through. So there's a real opportunity there. And behind the scenes, our
account acquisition are deepening and deposit gathering on a core basis is accelerating as well. So I think
as we get through this year, that will just continue to be an opportunity well out into '22 and beyond.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.

Steven A. Alexopoulos
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I wanted to start on the expense side, looking at the 3% to 5% guidance for 2021. It's a bit above 2020.
Steve, you said you plan to lean in and position the company better for an economic recovery. Can you
give more color? Is this an investment in more people, systems, customer-friendly products? Like can you
give us some sense of what you're investing in here?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Absolutely. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks -- this is Zach. As I mentioned in my remarks, and I'll
just stress again, essentially the entirety of that growth is driven by our investments in our strategic plan.
And you can think about it as 3 broad categories: it's approximately 60% technology development, around
20% marketing and around 20% select personal ads that are tied to our strategic growth initiatives.
So it really is all about investments. In the tech side, we're just continuing to lean in on digital. And as
I mentioned in my remarks, digital development road maps across every one of our business -- major
business lines to drive product origination, account deepening and sort of ease of use and servicing
efficiencies and personalization and optimization across each product line. So we're incredibly bullish about
that.

The investments themselves, the expenses are going to be front-end loaded during the year. So we'll see
substantially higher levels of growth in the first half of the year and then ramping down pretty significantly
in the back half of the year, such that by -- the kind of run rate expense growth will be lower than the
growth rate of revenue in the second half. But I'll just summarize, we feel that now is exactly the right
time to make these investments, and we're already starting to see some of the returns from them. So feel
good about it and that's the trajectory and composition of it.

Steven A. Alexopoulos
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. For my follow-up question. So your commentary on loan pipeline and customer
sentiment is favorable. But my question is, given this enormous buildup of deposits, right, the whole

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2021

industry is seeing, when you look at your middle-market customers, are they sitting on a ton of cash
which might delay their appetite to actually draw on lines?

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

It's almost a tale of 2 worlds, Steve. In that regard, we have many customers that are very liquid. You see
it in commercial line utilizations with us and the industry as a whole. There are some, however, that are
either significantly investing, rebuilding inventory or frankly, have not had the fundamental performance
for whatever reasons. It could be COVID related. They just didn't have a good year. I do think the stimulus
will -- that has been provided, plus the proposed one if it's enacted, will further delay sort of the rebound
to the norm in terms of line utilizations, but that will be a big tailwind for us and others eventually.

We do see supply chain disruption also impacting utilization. It's very clearly happening in the dealer
floorplan side, for example, notwithstanding, it's -- it improved a bit in the fourth quarter. It's not where --
it's not normalized, and it will probably be several quarters before it becomes normalized. So all of that's
to say that there's a tailwind building for the industry. And we may see it in the second half of this year,
which is, I think, consistent with how many banks are expressing, both GDP growth and optimism as well
as the potential for utilization. There will -- there's a lot of investment activity that's going on, and they're
using their cash. But at some point, that will revert to a more traditional level of external financing, bank
financing as well. So we're moving market share a bit with the growth that we're achieving through the
fourth quarter and projecting, and we're optimistic, given the pipelines, we'll continue to do that. But at
some point, we'll have a substantial tailwind as well.

Steven A. Alexopoulos
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And your plan is to lean in on the investment is pretty heavy early in the year and capture more of
that in the back half.

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

It is, and as Zach said, particularly on the digital side. And if you think about how consumers and
businesses are being trained via Apple or Amazon in terms of digital usage, availability, ease, capacity
to accelerate transactional activity, all of that is going to impact our industry. And therefore, we've
accelerated our existing digital plans substantially to try and continue to get -- stay in front, get in front
and maintain that J.D. Power leading position that we've had for a couple of years.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America.

Erika Najarian
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

A follow-up question on the net interest income guide. I appreciate the color on reallocating $2 billion
of cash in the first quarter. As we think about average deposits up 5% to 7% against loans up 2% to
4%, Zach, I'm wondering what you're assuming for liquidity build in your outlook for net interest income
flat for the rest of the year? And are you contemplating any growth from PPP 2.0 as well as forgiveness
income from PPP 2.0 in your guide?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. Thanks, Erika. Great question. I mentioned in one of my previous comments that it is sort of the
$64,000 question, frankly, in terms of how long the elevated deposits will last. But generally, what we're
expecting is a relatively flat trend in our deposits at the Fed for the first half of the year. To give you a
sense, in Q4, it was around $5 billion, and we expect to sort of maintain that rough level through the first
half of the year. And then kind of absent the new stimulus and absent the new PPP, our operating outlook

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2021

had been for sort of a gradual reduction in that toward the back half of the year, but not that substantial,
maybe down to $3 billion by the end of the year in terms of billion. I think the -- with that being said, we'll
see about any new stimulus coming through on the fiscal side. And likely, if that does happen, we'll see
that be elevated even more. And it could, as I mentioned, give an opportunity to invest more in securities.

And likewise, PPP, the next round of PPP is just now kicking off. We're not sure exactly where it's going
to land. We'll see. For my guidance, I've assumed around $1 billion, but I'm hopeful and it's quite likely
that it could be potentially up to double that. We'll see. In terms of the PPP forgiveness of the first round,
I think I mentioned in a prior comment, but just to restate it for clarity, we're assuming 85% of the $6
million that we had on sheet in Q4 to be forgiven in the first half of the year.

Erika Najarian
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Got it. I'll follow-up on the modeling call on the forgiveness for PPP 2.0. The -- my second question is
more for Steve. 35 to 55 basis points is quite an accomplishment for the kind of economic downturn we
have experienced. And I'm wondering, do you think that the government has been successful at redefining
what the cycle peak is for this downturn in that the 35 to 55 basis points represents the peak in losses
that we'll see during the cycle? Or do you think they've just delayed it to 2022?

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

Erika, I don't believe the losses are materially delayed in our case. I can't answer for other institutions.
But it seems to me that the proactive efforts by both the Federal Reserve and the -- via fiscal -- multiple
rounds of fiscal stimulus that substantial losses have been likely avoided as support has been delivered
to consumers and small business and the interest rate levels at historic lows have helped businesses
generally. So I think history will show that very strong actions have mitigated what otherwise could have
been a very ugly period in our economic history. If we think back to just the second quarter and the
free fall in GDP, to be able to substantially reverse that in just a couple of quarters is remarkable, unlike
anything we've seen in our history. And I think that flows then through the system with lower cum losses
over time. I think we've been conservative, may be very conservative in our loss recognition thus far.

But we've tried to maintain that to -- that posture, as you saw with how we approach provision in the
fourth quarter, just to let this season and get to a high level of confidence before we do things with
lowering reserves in total or things like that. But I'm very optimistic and confident that we have our losses
peaked in 2020.

Erika Najarian
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

And Mark is going to kill me, but I have to squeeze in the third question. And Steve, this is for you. It feels
like the -- this is more a testing of a thesis, but expenses up 3% to 5%. It seems like you're very much
looking forward and saying, "Look, this is a year where we may likely have significant reserve release
if the economic outlook pans out. And the street is not going to give us much credit for that earnings
anyway. Why not pull forward the expenses and have a great first full year in 2022 for both as a stand-
alone company and as a combined company?"

Any thoughts there?

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, that is not the intended approach. Remember, we have to call the reserves as we've seen. We had
multiple economic scenarios and a peak second round, I hope a peak second round of the virus as of year-
end. Now that is a possible scenario, but that's not a planned scenario [ on our part ]. Revert to what Zach
said a minute ago, the core expenses are virtually flat in '21 versus '20. The increases are discretionary
investment decisions made as a consequence of the strategic planning and the posture we want to take,
principally around digital technology. So we're -- we believe we have a momentum in the business. We're

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2021

one of the few banks that talked about commercial loan growth, and our pipeline year-over-year is better
in a COVID environment than it was in a pre-COVID environment.

So like what we've been able to build operating the company through this very challenging period of
time in terms of momentum and focus and execution. And we're going to continue to play that against
the backdrop of consumer and business demands changing radically as a consequence of, I think, digital
and the need for digital throughout the pandemic. And again, I think usage is being defined by others,
by Amazon and Apple and others. And so those expectations are, I believe, going to be a reality for our
industry and certainly our company, and we're going to invest to meet those, if not get ahead of them.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

One follow-up on the NII side, Zach, just wondering if you can parse it. Just -- if you just think about the
all-in PPP '20 that was in the NII versus '21 vis-à-vis how you're talking about overall NII for the year, is
there a way you can help us understand that?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. I think -- I'm looking at my notes here, just -- and we could follow-up on the modeling call, too.
Looks like about 4 basis points of benefit on a full year basis in the NIM from the PPP program in 2021, to
give you a sense.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

And what was that in '20?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

1 basis point.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. Got it. So a little bit higher, makes sense. Okay. And then the second question is on the consumer
loan side, you're talking about really good growth there, again, mid-single-digit growth. But auto has been
flat for several quarters now. You've grown in some of the other categories. Just wondering specifically to
auto, just how you're feeling about growing that book going ahead? And then if that's expected to stay
flat, where would you expect to see the rest of the growth coming from on the consumer side?

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

The auto industry was like a 16 million, 16.2 million production in 2020, and the outlook is closer to 17
million going forward for '21. So that will be part of it. There's also a market share component that will be
-- I think just because of our consistency and track record, it will continue to move and yet maintain the
spreads that we're looking for as well as credit quality. We are also opening up or planning to open up in
a few additional states in '21 that will also supplement our production. So we're confident, and our team
has been outstanding in this area for many, many years. We're confident in our ability to execute that. But
we also -- I think we're #5 or #6 nationally in terms of home equity origination. So it's not just mortgage.
So we're not dependent wholly on mortgage refi. We have a lot of broad-based home lending capabilities
and investments in technology in that area as well, which will continue to drive more volume. We have
substantial implementation of Blend, for example, that has been ramped up very quickly and will be an

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2021

important -- a very important app for us as we go forward. I think we're taking about 10 days off at the
close as a result of using that as an example.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities.

Peter J. Winter
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division

I was wondering, you gave some guidance that mortgage banking was going to be challenging, which is
the case for all banks. I was just wondering if you could give a little bit more color how you're thinking
about mortgage banking off the fourth quarter level, if you can just give a little bit more guidance.

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Absolutely. This is Zach. I'll take that one. So mortgage banking, as we said, coming off just an incredible
year in 2020. To give you a sense, the industry, Mortgage Banking Association is forecasting volumes in
2020 down about 23% with a shift toward purchase, not surprisingly, with refis being very substantially
lower. Our -- we've actually been gaining share on app volumes over the last several years, and we expect
to continue to do so. So our general expectation for app volume is sort of down in the 10% to 15% range
relative to that 20% or more down at an industry level.

I think one of the things we're watching pretty closely is also the salable spread and where that trends.
We, frankly, budgeted pretty conservatively on that, assuming a relatively continual trend back to more
historical levels by the end of the year. We'll see. So far, they're actually holding up fairly solid in the
first days of Q1, and we'll see. Those are volatile, as you know. But generally, we've budgeted fairly
conservatively. So I think mortgage banking income is going to be down year-on-year. And so that's what
I said, as I mentioned, really leaning into the other fee income lines that are growing smartly to offset
that.

Peter J. Winter
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division

Okay. And if I can ask about the TCF acquisition. I'm just wondering, obviously, you haven't even closed
the deal. But any way you can quantify maybe a range of potential revenue synergies? I know it's not part
of your guidance. And then secondly, what would you say are the top 3 revenue opportunities with this
deal?

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

Peter, I'll take that. And let me start. I think I was a bit brusque with an answer to a question you had last
time. So apologies for that. But picking up on TCF, we haven't talked a lot about revenue synergies, but
they are clearly there. We have a much broader product venue on both the consumer and business side.
So the capacity to cross-sell and deepen, much like we saw with FirstMerit, is very substantial. And it's
hard to bake that in, and certainly, not something you guys want to hear. So we haven't front-run that
with you. But that is definitely a case.

We've been very impressed with the quality of the teams that we've seen in a variety of the areas in TCF,
both business line and technology and some of the support areas, for example. And so I think we will be
a stronger company by the blend as well, and that will have upside. Then finally, they do some things
extraordinarily well. Their equipment finance business, their inventory finance business, these are little
gems. And they're not widely known or appreciated, but we really liked what we saw in diligence and have
learned subsequently. And those are just a few of the businesses and opportunities.

There's a substantial outsourcing as well, both on the capital markets side for most products. And again,
it's a much more limited menu that we offer as well as their broker-dealers, their credit card. There's
a variety of businesses that we'll bring back in fairly quickly as we move forward. So there's the 40%

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2021

expense, and we just articulated a 43% branch consolidation. So you can see where that's coming from.
It will be their systems to ours, 100%. So we've got a lot of early on, very, very good work that's getting
us bullish on the expense side. But the play here is a revenue play. New markets, exciting new markets,
Minneapolis, St. Paul; Denver, Colorado Springs; more than tripling us in Chicago; opening in Milwaukee;
and Silicon Valley. I mean there's a lot to go for, plus the scale change in Michigan, we'll be a 1 or 2 and
virtually everything in Michigan. So we really like the revenue side of this, and you'll see that reflected in
'22 and beyond as we get set.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

I had a follow-up question on auto, specifically, Slide 44. Your mix of new originations increased to 54%
this quarter. Can you speak to the notion that new vehicle financing is an area where the captives have a
greater edge over indirect lenders because their primary goal is helping their OEMs move steel, so they're
willing to compromise a bit more on pricing? Does that have, I guess -- having a greater share of new
vehicle originations suggests that you guys are getting lower margins than you would if you had a larger
mix of use. If you could just kind of comment on the profitability of used versus new vehicle financing,
that would be helpful.

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

Bill, this is typical seasonality of new model introduction. And so as we look back, we'd see essentially the
same ratios year-over-year, albeit this year, a bit constrained by just inventory. So that -- you're right, the
OEMs will subvent. And that's why we tend to have slightly more used than new as sort of a normalized
run rate. As you know, we've been very, very disciplined for many, many years in this area. And so the
performance of the book has been very consistent and would expect it to continue to be. So it's our best-
performing asset class year in, year out on DFAST, as an example.

So we really like our positioning with the product, with the dealers, the consistency and speed at which
we offer. We think we've got a best-in-class capability with clearly one of our most seasoned teams in the
bank managing this area. And so I don't see a big change going on. There are times when the OEMs will
subvent more to try and drive more volume and history would tell us these things come in waves.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

That's very helpful, Steve. I'm sorry if I missed this, but wanted to follow up on -- you made a comment
in your prepared remarks around dealer floorplan levels and how it will take longer for balances to return
back to historical levels. Does that presume that dealers will be running with less inventory than they have
historically in sort of kind of a new normal post-COVID environment? Or do you think that we'll see like a
reversion to historical inventory levels?

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

We expect a reversion to the norm at the supply chain issue at this point. For example, you would have
seen Audi's manufacturing is interrupted by just a chip last week in terms of production. So this will come
back, we believe, probably at this point by the -- in the second half as opposed to earlier. And some of
the importers, in particular, are feeling constrained on the supply side. You're going to see more and more
manufacturing come back into the U.S. or pick up on Mexico, Canada as a result of wanting to narrow the
supply chain lines, a consequence of what's happened over the last year. And that's a benefit to us.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2021

Jon Glenn Arfstrom
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

A couple of cleanups, RV and Marine, you had some pretty strong growth and maybe some of that is
COVID related last year. Do you expect some mean reversion there? What are you thinking about in terms
of growth potential there and just longer term, thinking about asset values there?

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

The industry outlook of that, Jon, is for continued high purchase levels for the next couple of years, and
we're positioned for that very, very well. As you know, that's an 800 FICO for us. So we worry a bit about
oversupply in the intermediate term, but the positioning of our book, I think, will very, very substantially
mitigate what could be, in 3 or 5 years, a bit of excess. So I think we've played it -- we are playing it very,
very well. And we'll have consistency of performance with 800-plus average FICOs for the foreseeable
future. And I think that's what you were getting to this supply/demand potential imbalance as we come
back out of COVID, but that could exist right now.

There's virtually very little on marine lots as of the end of the third quarter, it's building again. But demand
could outstrip supply as it did in '20, and to a certain extent, that happened with RV as well. So I think
there's a very good couple of years. And where we're playing, I believe, is very safe for the long term and
profitable.

Jon Glenn Arfstrom
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. And Rich, a question for you. Your guidance is great, but the one thing we're all trying to plug-
in is the provision and reserve levels. And so I wanted to go back one more time to this. You used the
term "snap a chalk line" in December, which I think I've never heard on the call before, but it's excellent.
You talked about using the November base case. You look at December and January, at least if you use
Moody's, it's clearly better. You talked about in your qualitative, you're waiting for stimulus. That's a
little bit uncertain. Is it as simple as if we get the stimulus, and this January Moody's holds, we get some
improvement in February, the reserves just have to come down, don't they? Is that the right way to look
at it?

Richard A. Pohle
Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer

Yes. I would say, absolutely, the reserves have to come down. It's just a question of the timing and where
they come down too. We started -- the CECL day 1 was 1.70%, and we're up to 2.29%. I would imagine
at some point, we're going to get back to the neighborhood of the 1.70% where we started. But I would
say that we're also not targeting a specific time to get there. I think as I pointed out, we're going to be
prudent. We were conservative on the way up, and we'll be prudent on the way down to make sure that
we're not kind of whipsawing the provision on a quarter-by-quarter basis overreacting to one data point
along the way. I think it's -- we sit here and run a very disciplined process every quarter, looking at not
only the quantitative pieces of it, but the more qualitative pieces and when we feel that those are aligning
and our credit quality continues to hold, which we expect that it will, we'll bring the reserve down. And I
would say that, that is more likely to happen in the back half of the year than first quarters, certainly, in a
meaningful way.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back to Mr.
Steinour for any final comments.

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you for the questions and your interest in Huntington. Certainly proud of our colleagues and the
2020 performance in light of the most challenging operating environment I have faced in my career. But I

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2021

hope we've conveyed to you how excited we are about the opportunities we see ahead in '21 and beyond.
So we're entering '21 from a position of strength. We have momentum. The disciplined execution of our
strategies, coupled with the pending acquisition, set us up to capitalize on emerging opportunities to
innovate, to gain share and to position the company for growth for years to come, all while continuing to
deliver top quartile financial performance. We approach this with a strong foundation of enterprise risk
management, as you know, including the deeply embedded stock ownership mentality, which aligns our
Board, management and colleagues.

So again, thank you for your support and interest, and have a great day.

Operator
Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for
your participation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 22, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

