Huntington Bancshares Incorporated 

NasdaqGS:HBAN
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 22, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.32

0.48

Revenue  (mm)

1224.50

1367.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-22-2021 1:24 PM GMT

50.00

11.64

0.31

1.27

1.36

1219.21

5356.05

5864.80

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.07

0.25

0.29

0.32

0.13

0.27

0.27

0.48

85.71 %

8.00 %

(6.90 %)

50.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Derek Meyer

Mark A. Muth
Senior VP & Director of Investor
Relations

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

ANALYSTS

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Jon Glenn Arfstrom
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Peter J. Winter
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research
Division

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Sun Young Lee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares First Quarter Earnings call. [Operator Instructions]
As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations.

Mark A. Muth
Senior VP & Director of Investor Relations

Thanks, Darryl. Welcome. I'm Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies
of the slides will be reviewed and can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website,
www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about 1
hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO;
and Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial Officer. Rich Pohle, Chief Credit Officer, will join us for the Q&A
session.

As noted on Slide 2, today's discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements.
Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this tap and subject to changes,
risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to
update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to the slides
and the material filed with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K and 8-K filings.

Let me now turn it over to Steve.

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Slide 3 provides an overview of Huntington's strategy to build a
leading people-first, digitally powered bank in the nation. We continue to execute against this strategic
vision and are pleased with our progress to date. We see significant opportunities ahead of us as we
position our businesses for the recovery at hand. Over the past year, we updated our multiyear strategic
plan with a focus on driving long-term revenue growth, continuing to build our brand based on best-
in-class products and increasing our industry-leading customer satisfaction across our businesses. We
also announced the planned acquisition of TCF Financial, which will provide powerful opportunities to
grow revenue, expand our market presence and provide scale to our businesses, while increasing our
investments in digital and other areas. This combination will increase our capacity to invest, and we will
become more efficient with the significant expected expense takeouts.

We accelerated our digital investments as part of our strategic vision and are encouraged by the digital
adoption trends. Due to the investments we've already made, for the first time, over half of new customer
deposit accounts were originated digitally in the last quarter. The double-digit growth in active digital and
mobile engagement is similarly encouraging. As we look ahead, we're optimistic about a strong economic
recovery. Unemployment has decreased significantly across our footprint. We're again hearing a crescendo
of commentary from our customers regarding labor constraints and wage inflation. Consumer confidence
has meaningfully improved, while average consumers are less leveraged and more liquid. Our debit card
trends have consistently posted double-digit year-over-year growth rates for the past several quarters.

Consumer spending and service industries is expected to broadly accelerate this year as demand returns.
Consumer loan production also continues to be strong. On the commercial side, sentiment is encouraging.
Our pipelines are up across the board, increasing our confidence in recovery of commercial loan demand
later this year. While supply chain constraints, such as the semiconductor shortages, will likely challenge
some manufacturers in the near term, progress of the recovery and visibility into growing customer orders
are causing outlooks to strengthen.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Let me also share some high-level remarks on our first quarter results, which provided a strong start to
the year and included solid core performance with our momentum building. Commercial loan originations
were in line with expectations. However, overall growth was constrained by both forgiveness of PPP loans
and continued headwinds in dealer floor plan and commercial line utilization, both of which are temporary
challenges. Residential mortgage, auto and RV/Marine produced seasonally strong originations in face of
tight inventory. Growth in consumer loan balances was obscured by unprecedented levels of pay downs
following the 2 recent rounds of stimulus. Deposit growth continues to consistently exceed expectations.

Finally, on Slide 4, I'd like to give an update on the pending TCF acquisition. We believe the timing could
not be better as the strengthening recovery dovetails with the growth and scale opportunities presented
by this combination. We continue to make good progress toward our anticipated closing late in the
second quarter and to complete the majority of systems conversions late in the third quarter. In March,
Huntington and TCF shareholders approved the transaction, and our integration planning is on track. We
completed the selection of key management and anticipate receiving the outstanding regulatory approvals,
including the required branch divestiture in the coming weeks. We've begun major components of the cost
reduction plan, including the closure of 44 Meijer branches later this quarter.

Now let me turn it over to Zach for more detail on our financial performance.

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Slide 5 provides the financial highlights for the first quarter.
We reported earnings per common share of $0.48, return on average assets was 1.76% and return on
average tangible common equity was 23.7%. Bottom line results were augmented by 2 notable items.
The first was a $144 million mark-to-market benefit on our interest rate caps driven by the steepening
yield curve and increased market volatility. The second was $125 million or 7% reserve release, resulting
from the improving economic outlook and credit metrics. Partially offsetting these were $21 million of
TCF acquisition-related expenses, which are broken out as a significant item in the earnings release with
granularity provided in Table 8.

Now let's turn to Slide 6 to review our results in more detail. We continue to be pleased with our sustained
growth in pretax, preprovision earnings, which increased 15% year-over-year in the first quarter. Total
revenue increased 19% versus the year ago quarter. Net interest income grew 23%, driven by solid
underlying loan growth and a 34 basis point increase in NIM, which were positively impacted by the
substantial mark-to-market gain that I mentioned in our interest rate cap derivatives and the $44 million
of accelerated PPP loan fee accretion. Fee income growth of 9% was aided by a record first quarter for
mortgage banking income as salable mortgage originations set its own record with 89% year-over-year
growth and secondary marketing spreads remained elevated.

Similarly, our wealth and investment management businesses experienced its best quarter ever with
respect to net asset flows and also benefited from positive equity market performance over the prior
12 months. Card and payments continue to post strong, consistent growth. Deposit service charges
remained below the year ago level as elevated consumer deposit account balances continue to moderate
the recovery of this line.

Total expenses were higher by $141 million or 22% from the year ago quarter. 3 percentage points of
this growth can be attributed to the approximately $21 million of significant items related to the TCF
acquisition. There were also approximately $45 million of expenses in the quarter, or approximately 7
percentage points of growth, resulting from the pull forward of these 3 expenses that otherwise would
have been incurred in the future. The first of which was a $25 million contribution to the Columbus
Foundation; second, we moved our annual long-term incentive grants to March from the historical timing
in May; third, we retimed some expense related to our colleagues' health savings accounts, which would
otherwise have been incurred in the balance of 2021. These 2 compensation-related items together
totaled approximately $20 million. The remaining approximately 11.5% underlying expense growth rate
was driven primarily by the accelerated investment in strategic growth initiatives, which we have been
communicating for the past several quarters.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Turning to Slide 7. FTE net interest income increased 23% as earning asset growth was coupled with year-
over-year NIM expansion. On a linked-quarter basis, net interest margin increased 54 basis points to
3.48%. As shown in the reconciliation on the right side of the slide, the linked quarter increase primarily
reflected the 49 basis point net change in the interest rate caps. As we've discussed previously, we're
taking actions on both sides of the balance sheet to offset the inherent margin pressure caused by the
prolonged low interest rate environment, managing the underlying core net interest margin near current
levels.

Given the significant impact on NIM from the interest rate caps, Slide 8 provides additional information
on this aspect of our comprehensive hedging strategy. As we disclosed in December, we purchased $5
billion of interest rate caps with an average tenor of 7 years to reduce impacts on capital from rising
rates. This hedging action performed very well this quarter. In March, we subsequently sold $3 billion of
new interest rate caps at a higher strike price to create a collar-like position. This is expected to dampen
further mark-to-market impacts and recovered approximately half of the premium paid on the initial caps,
while maintaining the majority of the capital protection from the position.

Turning to Slide 9. Average earning assets increased $12 billion or 12% compared to the year ago quarter,
driven by the $6 billion of PPP loans and the $5 billion increase in deposits of the Fed. Average commercial
and industrial loans increased 11% from the year ago quarter, primarily reflecting the PPP loans. On a
linked-quarter basis, C&I loans decreased 1%, primarily reflecting the forgiveness of PPP loans and the
decline in dealer floorplan utilization. As we indicated at the RBC conference in March, commercial loan
pipelines remain up significantly from a year ago, and we're seeing that manifest in new commercial loan
production. Residential mortgage, RV and marine, all posted year-over-year growth in new production.
Average consumer loan balances declined sequentially as stimulus-related pay downs more than offset
strong new production in the quarter. On a linked-quarter basis, average earning asset growth primarily
reflected the $2 billion or 9% increase in average securities as we executed our previously announced plan
to deploy excess liquidity through the purchase of securities during the quarter.

Turning to Slide 10. We will review deposit growth and funding. Average core deposits increased 20%
year-over-year and 4% sequentially, driven by increased consumer liquidity levels related to the
downturn, consumer growth largely related to stimulus, increased account production and reduced
attrition.

Slide 11 provides an update on PPP forgiveness and expectations for the current program. In total,
Huntington approved $6.6 billion of PPP loans in the original program and has approved an additional
$1.8 billion of loans in the current program. In light of the recent congressional extension of the program,
and our current application activity, we now anticipate the total amount for the current round to reach
approximately $2 billion. We continue to expect approximately 85% of those balances from the original
program and the new program ultimately to be forgiven. Through the end of March, $2.4 billion of loans
from the original tranche have been forgiven, and we anticipate approximately $2.3 billion will be forgiven
during the second quarter. For the current program, we expect the majority of the forgiveness to occur
this year, particularly in the second half of the year.

Slide 12 illustrates the continued strength of our capital and liquidity ratios. The tangible common equity
ratio, or TCE, ended the quarter at 7.11%, down 5 basis points sequentially. The common equity Tier
1 ratio, or CET1, ended up the quarter at 10.33%, up 33 basis points from the last quarter. The CET1
ratio was modestly above our 9% to 10% operating guideline, and we feel it's prudent to maintain strong
capital levels going into the TCF acquisition. It also positions us well to execute on our growth initiatives
and investment opportunities going forward. As we have previously communicated, we've paused share
repurchases until we have substantially completed the TCF acquisition and integration.

Slide 13 provides a log of our allowance for credit losses. The first quarter included a $125 million reserve
release, primarily from consumer, while the quarter end ACL represents 2.17% of loans and 2.33% of
loans, excluding PPP. We believe this is a prudent level to address remaining economic uncertainty while
reflecting the improved overall credit metrics and economic outlook.

Slide 14 provides a snapshot of key credit quality metrics for the quarter. Our overall credit performance
continued to strengthen. Net charge-offs represented an annualized 32 basis points of average loans and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

leases, slightly below the low end of our average through the cycle target range of 35 to 55 basis points.
Our criticized asset and NPA ratios were both relatively stable. As always, we have provided additional
granularity by portfolio in the analyst package and the slides.

I want to spend a minute on our ongoing investments and progress on digital engagement and origination.
Looking at Slide 15, we continue to invest in a focused set of strategic initiatives to drive revenue
acceleration and competitive differentiation. In addition to a variety of digital and product investments, we
are adding personnel in core revenue-generating roles to support strategic growth in our capital markets,
specialty banking, small business administration and vehicle finance businesses. We have also increased
marketing expense back to prepandemic levels and to promote new launches related to Fair Play banking.

Slide 16 illustrates several key digital engagement and origination trends showing some of the benefits
of our ongoing tech investments. On the left side of the slide, you can see continued growth in monthly
digital engagement and usage levels in consumer and business banking. The digital origination trends on
the right side of the slide are particularly encouraging as they show strong customer uptake of the new
consumer and business digital origination capabilities we introduced over the course of the last year. We
are executing robust technology road maps across our business lines that will drive sustainable revenue
momentum via improved customer acquisition, retention and deepening.

Finally, Slide 17 provides our updated expectations for the full year 2021 on a Huntington stand-alone
basis. We now expect full year average loan growth of 1% to 3%, down slightly from prior expectations
as a result of the elevated levels of paydowns and a delayed recovery of commercial and vehicle floorplan
line utilization. These expectations reflect flat-to-modestly higher commercial loans inclusive of PPP and
low single-digit growth in consumer loans. Excluding PPP, we would expect to see low single-digit growth
in both.

For deposits, we now expect full year average balance growth of 9% to 11%, higher than previous
expectations given the stronger-than-anticipated deposit inflows in the first quarter and the overall
elevated levels of core deposits, which we expect to persist for several more quarters. We are also
adjusting our expectations for full year total revenue growth higher to a range of 3% to 5%.

We expect net interest income growth to be in the mid-single digits, while noninterest income is expected
to be modestly lower for the full year. Full year growth expectations for noninterest expense are now
between 7% and 9%. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding $21 million of significant items I discussed
previously, we expect noninterest expense to increase between 6% and 8%. This increase, relative to our
prior expectations, is driven by the foundation donation in the first quarter and increases in compensation
expenses related to the higher revenue expectation for the year. The large majority of the underlying
expense growth continues to be driven by investments in our strategic growth initiatives as we've
discussed previously. While expense growth is expected to outstrip revenue growth over the near term,
our commitment to positive operating leverage remains over the long term. Our expectation and plan is to
bring the expense growth rate back to more normalized levels during the second half of 2021.

Finally, credit remains fundamentally sound. We now expect full year 2021 net charge-offs to be between
30 to 40 basis points, reflecting improving economic conditions and stable charge-offs in both commercial
and consumer portfolios. Further reserve releases remain dependent on the economic recovery and related
credit performance. As a reminder, all expectations are stand-alone for Huntington and do not include
consideration made for the pending acquisition of TCF.

Now let me turn it back to Mark, so we can get your questions.

Mark A. Muth
Senior VP & Director of Investor Relations
Thank you, Zach. Darryl, we will now take questions. [Operator Instructions]

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Why don't we start -- just in terms of the interest rate caps, I probably may not be the only one who
didn't appreciate how meaningful this could be on a mark-to-market basis for your NII. I get that you
added the short cap position, but it still seems that you are sort of -- you have a fair amount of long
exposure outstanding. Can you just talk about the volatility that we should expect sort of on -- how long
does this volatility last over time? And I mean, is it right to assume that we could be looking at maybe not
$100-plus million swings, but $50 million, $60 million swings in NII in any given quarter, up or down?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Ken, this is Zach. I'll take that question. And look, I would start by saying the priority of our -- of the goal
for this position and our strategy here was to look around the corner to manage risk to protect capital and
to be dynamic and proactive to do that. And we thought it was a really smart move. And as you saw it,
I think it benefited us substantially. And so that also underlines our decision to continue to maintain this
position, albeit somewhat collared as we discussed for the foreseeable future. And so we'll have to see
what happens. These get marked to market every day. And ultimately, we post the result that's extent at
the very last day of the quarter. But we believe it's the right position as we go forward here. So we'll have
to see. We'll keep you posted. But over the long term, we think it's a really smart position for us to protect
our capital.

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

Ken, I'll just add. When we executed these in the fourth quarter, remember the outlook was the rates
would be flat through -- well into '23. So we thought the benefit of this capital protection would be in the
out years, 4, 5, 6 plus and obviously, interest rate outlook changed very rapidly after the election. But it
wasn't our intent to sort of view this as some kind of short-term position when we originated it. It was this
protection of capital over time.

Kenneth Allen Zerbe
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. No, it definitely worked out incredibly well this quarter. No doubt about that. My second sort of
related follow-up question is a little more in the weeds. I think I'm missing something, but would love
your clarification on this. If we look at just the change in net interest income from last quarter to this
quarter and we back out only the change if -- the way I understand it, the change in the caps of, call it,
$140 million to the positive and then we backed out another $40 million change in PPP income, it implies
that net interest income actually went down by $32 million sort of on an all else equal basis. Am I missing
something in that calculation?

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

I think you got it right. I think we saw, as we noted in the commentary, a bit of pressure on underlying
loans in the quarter just from the headwinds that we're seeing in line utilization, but that was offset by
really strong fee income growth during the quarter. The NIM, if you were to strip out that cap gain, was
2.97% to give you a sense of the net interest margin.

Zachary J. Wasserman

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

CFO & Senior EVP

And Ken, you also had the impact of day count, if you're looking at the dollars.

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. On a sequential basis, correct.

Operator

Our next questions come from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I know you talked about it in the past here and there. But as we think about the increased investment
spend this year, specifically on technology and digital, I was just wondering if you could summarize what
a couple of the kind of bigger initiatives bigger spend is that's driving that higher investment spend this
year.

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. I think -- this is Zach. I'll take that, and Steve may want to tack on as well here. But what we really
like about our strategic plan is it's incredibly focused, and it's driven by key initiatives across each of our
business lines. So within our consumer business line, which we've talked about for a while, much of the
increased investment is around digital with 3 major focus areas as we talked about over the last several
years and certainly last year improving our digital point-of-sale and product origination capabilities.
We largely completed that last year. And now the teams are working through how to best optimize and
incorporate that within the omnichannel client engagement process we have for client origination. Also, a
lot of focus around engagement and deepening to personalization and ease of use client account servicing.

In the commercial business, significant amount of digital investment as well around new client onboarding,
relationship manager, digital tool sets as well as focused investment in new people, for example, in
specialty banking and in our capital markets business. We're also really pleased with the investments
we're putting into our wealth and investment management business, which, again, is sort of a mixture of
both technology to improve the client adviser interaction experience and relationship management tools
as well as select people hires as we bring on new relationship managers, which is, as I mentioned in my
script, really driving substantial sales growth and performance.

And lastly, I would highlight vehicle finance. For the last several years, we've been working to digitize
the customer experience as well as continue to expand the geographic footprint of that business in a way
that's really constructive. Steve, do you want to tack on to that?

Matthew Derek O'Connor
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

That's a very helpful summary. As we think half the cost saves associated with the TCF deal, you'd
mentioned long-term expense growth. Like what is a good, call it, 3- to 5-year outlook on expense
growth? And I understand it might be somewhat revenue dependent. But if you think about most revenue
growth coming from loans, NIM expansion, hopefully, things that aren't super high on the efficiency ratio,
what would a good range for underlying expense growth be?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. It's a great question. And I would note that for the next several years, based on our forecast for the
integration of the TCF acquisition, overall reported revenue and expense growth levels will be substantially
impacted by that, and you're going to see quite high levels of growth in both as we incorporate that
business and measure the year-over-year growth. But kind of an underlying basis, which I know what's

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

the basis of your question, my expectation and goal is that we're growing the top line at or above nominal
GDP, with revenue lower than that and driving positive operating leverage. I think over the long term,
something like 1.5% to 3.5% sort of inflationary growth is logical. And if revenue is stronger than perhaps
expenses are stronger than that. But generally, that's my broad expectation.

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

Ken, I just want to reiterate the commitment to positive operating leverage. After 9 years, we've elected
this year to make investments coming off the strategic plan and particularly because of the economic
volatility that we saw last year with the virus and the expected recovery. We think we are playing this
in terms of timing exactly right. We've got a series of near-term revenue growth initiatives that we're
executing. And that will position us for the long term, but we will be back to positive operating leverage.

Operator

Our next questions come from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Just one follow-up on the expense side. So clearly, you have the excess revenues helped by the swaps
and then a higher expected growth rate this year on the expenses, which makes sense that you're
continuing to accelerate. But just, Zach, you mentioned last quarter a different cadence between first half
expense growth and second half expense growth. I just want to try to understand, is the increment that's
embedded in the new expense growth rate also going to show all in the first half in part due to the items
in the first? Just kind of if you can walk us through how things traject from here would be helpful.

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. Ken, thanks for the question. I appreciate the chance to clarify. I would say approximately 3/4 of
the incremental expenses were what we saw come through in Q1. So there's a small lift in the balance
of the year, but most of it was what we saw come through in Q1. And the key thing with our plan is that
we're front-loading these investments into the first half of the 2021. And so the expectation is really the
same as it was before. Elevated expense growth on a kind of core run rate basis in the first half coming
down to more normal levels in the second half of the year and of that 6% to 8% underlying core expense,
approximately 5 percentage points of that is our long-term strategic investments. And the other 1% to
3% is really sort of a natural expense inflation that you might expect and some normalization of company-
wide programs like merit and T&E and medical costs and things of this nature and some additional
expenses to support the additional revenue as I noted in my prepared remarks. So front-end loaded,
back-end back to historical levels and really no change other than those factors I just talked about.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Helpful. And then the same kind of just thoughts process on the NII side. Obviously, NII outlook helped by
the $144 million. Just underneath that, can you just talk about just the underlying changes to your prior
views on how NII versus the fees look as well?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. Overall, I expect mid-single-digits net interest income for the full year. I think driven by -- in part
by our modest growth in assets that we've indicated in the guidance between 1% and 3%. And spread
-- NIM spread, overall, it will be roughly flat for the full year. I think just touching on NIM for a second.
Next couple of quarters will likely be in the mid 2.80s in terms of NIM. Biggest impact, just changing our
expectations somewhat, is continued elevated levels of Fed cash driven by the elevated level of liquidity
across the system that many folks have commented on here in the earnings cycle and, to some degree,
the beginning of the roll-off of our hedges, which will be down about 7 basis points into Q2. So Q2 will

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

be a trough to mid-2.80s for the next several quarters. But pulling off, FY '20 still looks at like a NIM of
2.90% or better and long term still forecasting to maintain those levels and with stable to rising NIM over
the longer term.

Operator

Our next question is comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I just wanted to ask, I guess, a follow-up on the rate cap. So between the -- what you sort of captured in
the first quarter and then the sale of the $3 billion new caps in March. So does this do anything to your --
sort of your forward rate sensitivity? I think, Zach, I've sort of thought about the hedges as more balance
sheet protection than really adjusting your rate sensitivity. So is there any change to that dynamic?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

So I think you got it right. The position was around protecting capital. And I think you saw on the
slide, a 52% offset of the OCI mark on securities was protected by this. So it's really good. We've got
our Treasurer, Derek Meyer, in the room. Why don't, Derek, you want to comment a little bit on asset
sensitivity and your outlook for that.

Derek Meyer

Yes. Thank you. So we've continued to look at that. Obviously, we've already stated this was primarily
thinking of a capital play. There is the knock-on effect because it comes to earnings on our margin.
Most of our decisioning has been to retain as much downside protection while capturing the upside. As
these rates have gone up, and that is these caps have obviously made us even more sensitive in that
respect, we are evaluating our next hedging moves to protect that downside without giving up that upside
opportunity. So it does change the posture. That's also a big part of what we're thinking about as we
evaluate our positioning with TCF, which is a separate set of decisions, but that is another set of levers
that we have to incorporate into our forward view.

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. Broadly speaking, just pulling back a second, I think really like where the asset sensitivity kind
of strategy and trend is going in that, over time, as our existing hedge position slowly rolls off, we will
become more and more exposed to what will be likely a gradually increasing interest rate environment as
well. And so think it's sort of well-timed for us to be exposed in that way as rates begin to rise over the
next several years.

Robert Scott Siefers
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. And then I guess as a follow-up, I think, Zach, at a point you'd mentioned the sale
of the new rig caps, the $3 billion, that should sort of dampen the new mark-to-market impacts. Is there
a way to sort of speak to how much protection you have against future volatility like we saw this quarter,
both up and down?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. It's a good question. We estimate it's between 15% and 30% impact on dampening. So importantly,
we wanted to maintain kind of a net long exposure there because we do think, to the extent that there's a
probability of moves substantially off the forward curve, it's likely to be higher. But that dampening is sort
of between 15% and 30% as you go forward.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Our next questions come from the line of Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities.

Peter J. Winter
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division

I was wondering if -- could you talk about -- you mentioned the loan pipelines are very strong. I'm just
wondering, can you talk about what you're hearing from your customers about making investments and
-- versus kind of the appetite to draw down on lines of credit versus using that excess liquidity and maybe
delaying mine drawdowns?

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

Peter, this is Steve. So in the last 4, 5 weeks, I've had about 50 CEOs in small meeting virtual
conversations. And the outlook by them is virtually at all very positive about this year, pipelines, their
backlogs, very, very encouraging and their overall economic outlook for the next couple of years also very
positive. They have -- in a number of situations, have supply chain constraints, some of it from mundane
items, some of it for chips. But there's a curtailment that, I think, is being experienced, at least in part
by these companies on the supply chain. Universally, they talk about inability to get adequate labor, very
high turnover and clear wage inflation at the low end. A consequence of that will be more investment by
many of them into automation all the way through, including packaging. So we expect there'll be a fair
amount of equipment finance activity this year. And when we combine with TCF, we'll have a seventh,
eighth largest equipment finance company in the country, that should position us very well. We have a
very good technology finance team that will play well with automation on the factory side. But even in
the health care, health care product side, we're seeing a strong uptick. The health care systems are doing
better, haven't been able to reopen and sustain activity that was diminished during the peak of the virus.
So we -- the people we're talking to, who are the CEOs in that arena, generally very, very confident going
forward. So we think the strong pipelines we're seeing, we're up about 40% of the commercial pipeline
year-over-year, is reflective of what will be demand as we go through the year, probably more in the
second half than first, but this will be in part because many of them had very good years, had liquidity and
they're using that liquidity as opposed to line utilizations and other things.

Inventories are low in many of these companies, and some of it's supply chain, but some of it's significant
demand. Inflation on the commodity side, wood or lumber, just a whole host of areas where there's cost
push. And I think that will engender further borrowing as their liquidity gets soaked up. So we're -- from
these conversations, we're optimistic about the continuing improvement especially seen in the second half.

Peter J. Winter
Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then if I can ask just a follow-up on the PPP. You gave some pretty good disclosure on Slide 11.
But what's the outlook, Zach, for the rest of the year to net interest income from PPP?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. I think, as we said, the expectation is that we'll see a very substantial amount of additional
forgiveness in the second quarter, and I think, to give you a sense, Q1 revenue in total from PPP was
around $76 million, of which $45 million was the -- have accelerated and $31 million was the underlying
yield. My expectation for Q2 is around $50 million total revenue, of which basically half and half between
yield and accelerated -- the acceleration. And that will represent the preponderance of the PPP revenues
for the first quarter, and we'll see a little bit of a tail as we go into the balance of the year. The round 2,
I mentioned, is around $2 billion, about 85%. We think we've forgiven much of it in '21. That will add
around $1.3 billion of ADB and $60 million of revenue we estimate to the year. I know we'll have an
analyst modeling call after this, and we can probably double-click into more of the details during that, but
this is probably the right high-level comments for you now.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Our next questions come from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

Steve and Zach, some investors have expressed concern around the risk that internal combustion engine
vehicles will lose value compared to electronic vehicles as they take over and obviously, there's debate
around when that's going to happen. But can you speak to how HBAN is thinking about this risk? What you
guys are doing about it and the extent to which you expect to play a role in helping consumers fund future
EV purchases? As well as like from the standpoint of risk of declining collateral values for your existing
book, if you could comment on that as well?

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

So Bill, it's Steve, good question. Thank you. We think there's going to be an extended transition here.
And I believe the industry is of that belief as well. There's -- EV is building in the country, but it's
building at a very slow rate. Now that may accelerate with climate posture of the Biden administration
and for other reasons, including consumer awareness around environmental and change in demand.
But combustion engines, we think, are going to be here through the decade in terms of demand and
substantially there, if not fully through production. Having said that, in terms of the impact of us, we're
a super prime lender. So whether it's a combustion engine or a hybrid or EV, we work with a view of very
low default rates. And so marginal loss rates might increase a bit and probably would anyway because
we're at record highs in terms of bluebook values for use. So -- but we don't see it as a big event.

In terms of opportunity for us, it's one of the areas of environmentally sensitive financing that we're
looking at. There are a series of other areas where we're actively engaged and extending credit in the
-- over time as we look back in the billions of dollars. And there may be an opportunity for us to do
something unique with hybrids or EVs as we go forward.

Bill Carcache
Wolfe Research, LLC

That's very helpful. And as a follow-up, Steve, can you give a bit more color on some of the things you're
doing ahead of the TCF closing just to make sure you hit the ground running next year? Is most of the
initial focus on insurance move integration versus maybe is it just too early to be thinking about the
revenue synergy opportunity that is down the road or is that in the mix as well? Any color around that
would be helpful.

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

So when we announced, we talked about expense synergies, and we're fairly definitive, but we also
alluded to revenue synergies. Our -- to start with, our offerings, both consumer and business, are much
more extensive than TCF. So it sets up a cross sell, something we've been working on, and we caught
what we referred to it as optimal customer relationships. So we've been doing this for a decade. We have
very good experience with cross-sell into the FirstMerit customer base, and we expect to do as well or
even better based on the learnings and experiences in the relative position. TCF also outsourced a number
of businesses or products, which we manage directly. And so we'll expect lift out of those. So there's a
variety of revenue initiatives, which we are pursuing, in some cases, we've already activated, such as SBA
Lending Minneapolis, an activity that TCF didn't have. And so as we go forward, we'll expect these revenue
initiatives, and we'll share them at a future point, will be significant upside to what we've presented in a
summary level. So we'll detail where we expect to get them as we proceed. But the first order of business
is to execute the committed expense takeout and to get the synergies on that front that we expected with
the closing expected later this quarter and a conversion late in the third quarter.

Operator

Your next questions come from the line of Steve Alexopoulos of JPMorgan.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Sun Young Lee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

This is Janet Lee, on for Steve Alexopoulos. Just digging deeper into your commercial loan growth
guidance, I understand that in your guidance of commercial loans being flat-to-modestly higher for 2021,
what is your assumption around the level of commercial utilization for your C&I customers as compared to
the current level? And could you also provide more color around like how that compares to prepandemic
levels?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Sure. Thanks, Janet for the question. This is Zach, I'll take it. Overall, as I mentioned in the comments,
the expectation is, excluding PPP, low single-digit growth in commercial loans and approximately 1.5
percentage of that is from some modest line utilization. Overall, the expectation for line utilization is, it
has been reset, and I'll come back in a minute and just speak more specifically about the prepandemic
comparison as you asked, but just generally characterizing the expectation. What we've seen is relatively
flat in general middle market lines. My baseline expectation is a modest improvement. Likewise, what
we've seen on the vehicle floorplan side is actually some retrenchment from the end of last year to where
we stand now. As we go forward, we're expecting some modest improvement in both of those. Together,
those represent just under 1% asset growth expectation with my total asset growth. But even if you
[internalize] it, I think the level of strong production we've got across both consumer and commercial, we
do expect it to drive accelerated loan growth overall on a net basis as we go forward.

Just double-clicking into the line utilization expectations, prepandemic, we were running in the middle
market line utilization, sort of low 40%. And right now, we're in the high 30%, to give you a sense. It's
been roughly flat now for several months in a row. And I would expect it will be flat for a time before it
starts to rise later in the year. But I think, as has been well publicized, elevated levels of liquidity across
the system are contributing to our clients just not meeting those lines at this point. But everything we're
hearing from them is that, ultimately, they expect to go back to a more typical financing posture and those
will start to solely normalize probably more in the back half late 2021 and continuing into 2022.

On the vehicle floorplan side, historical levels are sort of just around 80% line utilization. By the end of
the year, we have gotten to almost 61% to be precise in December. By the end of this quarter, we were
at 51% to give you a sense. So it continues to tick down and has ticked down even a little bit more into
April. So we'll have to see. That one is really driven by the point-specific auto manufacturer issues that
have been very well documented in the popular press around microchip shortages and other component
shortages. Everything we're hearing, though, is that slowly but surely that they are chipping away at that
issue, the manufacturers, and the vehicle will begin to flow at a faster rate in the back half of the year.
My general expectations are relatively flat in that for the next several months before it starts to normalize
and rise more again towards the very late part of '21 with the longer-term expectation based on our client
discussions. But they'll go back to historical levels of utilizing that financing, but probably well into the
middle of 2022 based on supply.

Sun Young Lee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

That's very helpful. And just turning to -- I want to talk through the new money yield, that what yields
new purchase securities are being put on to the book versus what's rolling off and same for new loan
production? And also, what's your plan around deploying excess cash? And how much of that could be
deployed into securities over the next several quarters?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. I'll take the first crack at it and then Derek Meyer, our Treasurer, is in the room as well, may tack on
as we go. On the securities side, we feel really good actually about where the yields are and what we were
able to deploy with roughly $2 billion of net add during the quarter came on sort of around the 160 basis
point level. As we think about other new many yields, generally, some modest pressure, but not overly so.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

I think in the commercial business around 0.25 point lower as we went into Q1 from Q4. CRE, likewise,
around 30 to 35 basis points lower, auto roughly stable. So we're seeing some modest down drops on new
money, but not overly material, I would say, at this point. Most of the curve impacts have been brought
into the pricing.

As we take a step back and think about the posture around elevated liquidity, I would say that as we've
continued to update our forecast, we've ratcheted higher the expectation for elevated levels of liquidity
and deposits as is indicated by our deposit guidance. And likewise, ratcheted out in time the duration that
this phenomenon will last until it begins to normalize. So likely it will take several more quarters for that
to slowly start to weigh in, and it will go all the way into 2022. So that gives us the cause to really look at
the best ways to deploy that. Over time, you've seen us optimize our funding structure, and we'll continue
to look for opportunity to do that to bring down funding costs using that. But I think as well, looking at
whether it's appropriate over time to investment in rental securities is also part of the discussion. To be
clear, liquidity is the primary objective in making sure that we're managing that well. And so we'll leg into
and step into in a kind of phased basis any incremental moves on that and still working through it, nothing
for us specifically to talk about there. But we'll continue to be dynamic in looking at it and just watching
those trends and optimizing. Anything, Derek, you can tack on to what I said?

Derek Meyer

No, I think you've covered it. We have reached a point with our BAU security strategy, where we need new
money yields sort of equal to our run off yields, plus or minus 0.5%. So a lot of it is going to happen with
prepayment speeds and then what the yield curve shape is. I don't see a big change in trajectory.

Operator

Our next questions come from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets.

Jon Glenn Arfstrom
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Most of it's been handled. But can you -- Steve, can you talk a little bit about retention and synergies that
you saw on a FirstMerit? And also touch on, like you've got the 44 branches that you're closing, what kind
of retention you get from those? And how you're thinking about TCF in terms of retention as well?

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

We have a set of opportunities -- thanks, Jon. I'm sorry. We have a set of opportunities with TCF that
are substantial in terms of retaining customers. If we think about Michigan, for example, even after our
consolidations of branches, and in aggregate, there'll be more than 200 branches affected by consolidation
and divestiture. We will still have #1 branch share in Michigan by a factor of about 50%. So we'll be
quite a bit larger than the next bank with physical distribution. So that provides an enormous set of
opportunities for us in terms of retention, and we have had very high retention coming out of FirstMerit
and other in-store branch consolidations. Remember, we consolidate about 4% of the franchise every year
on average. And so our retention efforts, where we decide to drop remaining ATMs outreach, we have a
process we call white glove treatment that's been well defined over the years and developed. Combination
of those activities, the uniqueness of the product set, all day deposit, 24-hour grace, Safety Zone now,
things like that also give us a distinct retention advantage. So we expect to have very high retention on
the TCF side of the consumer, and on the business side, again, better product, more capabilities as we go
forward. But it starts with winning minds and hearts of our soon to be new colleagues, and we're actively
working that. We would expect that would be successful as it was with FirstMerit. That will set up then
this retention of customers through the conversion and beyond. And the product menu has just being
substantially different, much bigger and better in many respects, will be to the benefit of the customer
base, both consumers, small and medium-sized businesses. So we're very, very optimistic.

On the specialty finance side, their equipment finance and ours is almost hand in glove. The combination
will be extraordinarily effective. And they have a great team, we think we do as well, and this hand
in glove will give us opportunities to further grow that business. We're excited about their inventory

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

finance business. Got some great people in these business lines as well as in the company generally,
and we're going to be a stronger company as a consequence of the combination. So very bullish about
the expectations, both on retention and revenue synergies as we go forward. And we'll get the expense
synergies largely complete this year.

Jon Glenn Arfstrom
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. That's very helpful. Zach, can you touch on mortgage expectations for the second quarter? I know
it's kind of a mixed bag, but it looks like originations were pretty flat. What kind of thoughts do you have
for the next quarter?

Zachary J. Wasserman
CFO & Senior EVP

Yes. I don't -- the Q2 right in front of, but just broadly, still thinking more just continues to beat
expectations, frankly, and be very robust. I think the -- overall, for the full year, expecting the revenues
to be down between 15% and 20% on a year-over-year basis just off of the torrid pace that 2020
represented. But most of that grow-over challenge really occurs in the second half of the year. Volumes
continue to be very, very robust. And I think, if you just talk on an industry level, you've probably seen
even mortgage banker associations ratcheting higher volume expectations for the year. I think if there's
something that we're watching carefully is the salable spread. And that continues to be elevated above
historical levels, but it could move quickly. So we'll see. But so far, it seems to be holding up relatively well
also. So that's the expectation that we've got.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn
the call back to Mr. Steinour for closing remarks.

Stephen D. Steinour
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you for your questions and interest in Huntington. I'm pleased with our strong start to what will be
an important year for Huntington as we execute on our strategic initiatives as well as close and integrate
the TCF acquisition. I'm increasingly optimistic about the opportunities we see in 2021 and beyond, and
I'm confident of our ability to capitalize on the accelerating economic recovery. The disciplined execution
of our strategies, coupled with the pending acquisition, set us up to grow revenue from a larger customer
base for which we will deepen existing and acquired customer relationships, resulting in top quartile
financial performance. We have a strong foundation of enterprise risk management and deeply embedded
stock ownership mentality, which aligns our Board, management and colleagues. Again, thank you for your
support and interest. Have a great day.

Operator
This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your
participation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 22, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

