IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. NasdaqGS:IDXX
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, May 04, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.72

2.35

Revenue  (mm)

738.43

777.71

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-03-2021 5:22 AM GMT

35.84

5.32

2.00

7.56

8.67

774.63

3091.58

3407.69

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.17

1.44

1.39

1.72

1.72

1.69

1.76

2.35

47.01 %

17.36 %

26.62 %

35.84 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian P. McKeon
CFO, Executive VP & Treasurer

Jonathan J. Mazelsky
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Balaji V. Prasad
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Erin Elizabeth Wilson Wright
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Michael Leonidovich Ryskin
BofA Securities, Research Division

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the IDEXX Laboratories First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. As
a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. Participating in the call this morning are Jay Mazelsky,
President and Chief Executive Officer; Brian McKeon, Chief Financial Officer; and John Ravis, Senior
Director, Investor Relations. IDEXX would like to preface the discussion today with a caution regarding
forward-looking statements. Listeners are reminded that our discussion during the call will include
forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to
differ materially from those discussed today. Additional information regarding these risks and uncertainties
is available under the forward-looking statements notice in our earnings release issued this morning as
well as in our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which can be obtained from
the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relations section of our website, idexx.com.

During this call, we will be discussing certain financial measures now prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. These include comparable gross profit growth,
comparable gross margin gain or growth, comparable operating expense growth, comparable operating
profit growth, comparable operating margin gain or growth and comparable EPS growth. These non-GAAP
financial measures exclude the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, and nonrecurring
or unusual items, if any. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly
comparable GAAP measures is provided in our earnings release, which may also be found by visiting the
Investor Relations website of our website.

In reviewing our first quarter 2021 results, please note all references to growth, organic growth and
comparable growth refer to growth compared to the equivalent period in 2020, unless otherwise noted.

[Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Brian McKeon.

Brian P. McKeon
CFO, Executive VP & Treasurer

Good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to take you through our first quarter results and to provide an
update on our financial outlook for 2021. In terms of highlights, IDEXX delivered excellent financial results
in Q1, driven by continued strong global momentum in our CAG business. Revenue increased 24% as
reported and 21% organically, supported by 23% organic growth in CAG Diagnostic recurring revenues,
reflecting continued high gains across U.S. and international markets. Operating profit gains were
particularly strong in Q1, reflecting flow through benefits from high CAG Diagnostic recurring revenue
growth and favorable comparisons to relatively higher prior year pre-COVID operating expense levels.
These dynamics, and a higher-than-expected $0.17 per share in stock-based compensation tax benefit,
enabled delivery of $2.35 in earnings per share, an increase of 73% on a comparable basis.

Our strong start to the year has increased our confidence in achieving high revenue and profit gains in
2021. We're raising our full year revenue outlook range by $40 million to $3.105 billion to $3.160 billion,
or reported revenue growth of 14.5% to 16.5%. The this reflects an updated outlook for 13% to 15%
overall organic revenue growth, 1.5% higher than our initial outlook.

We're raising our organic growth outlook for CAG Diagnostic recurring revenues from 14.5% to 16%, 2%
higher at midpoint than our initial 2021 growth projections. Our full year financial outlook now reflects
a targeted 150 to 200 basis point improvement in operating margins on a comparable basis. These
gains are projected to support EPS of $7.88 to $8.18 per share, reflecting 21% to 26% comparable EPS
growth. We're planning to deliver these strong profit gains while advancing investments in our innovation
and commercial capability to enable long-term accelerated global market development in our core CAG
business.

We'll update our -- we'll discuss our updated 2020 outlook later in my comments. Let's begin with a review
of our first quarter results and recent market trends.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

First quarter organic revenue growth of 21% was driven by 23% gains in CAG Diagnostic recurring
revenues, reflecting 21% growth in the U.S. and 28% growth in international markets, including some
benefits from the lapping of prior year COVID impacts in late March. Strong CAG gains also reflected 27%
organic growth in CAG Diagnostic instrument revenues. Overall, Q1 organic revenue gains were supported
by 9% growth in our LPD business, reflecting strong demand for African swine fever testing in China as
well as by approximately 1% of growth benefit from our OPTI human COVID-19 PCR test initiative. The
key driver of our financial model, CAG diagnostic recurring revenues expanded at high-growth rates across
regions through the quarter. First quarter results were largely consistent with the very strong 2-year
growth trends we saw in the second half of 2020.

On a 2-year basis, CAG diagnostic recurring revenues increased at a 17% average annual organic
growth rate. We'll be highlighting 2-year growth trends selectively in the coming quarters as we calibrate
the effect of year-on-year lapping of 2020 COVID impacts on our growth results. High CAG diagnostic
recurring revenue gains were aided by continued high-growth in clinical visits. Overall U.S. clinical visit
growth was 12% in Q1, including some benefits from the lapping of prior year COVID impacts in late
March. On a 2-year basis, same-store clinical visit growth increased at an average 6% annual rate, slightly
higher than our second half 2020 trends. The IDEXX U.S. CAG diagnostic recurring revenue growth
premium to U.S. clinical visits was 900 basis points in the first quarter or approximately 1,000 to 1,100
basis points adjusted for equivalent day effects. Q1 U.S. clinic visit growth reflected a sustained strong 9%
growth in nonwellness visits and an increased 16% growth in wellness visits. These gains were supported
by relatively higher benefits from growth in new patients, which we estimated added approximately 3% to
overall clinical visit growth and 4% to wellness visit growth in the quarter.

Continued focus on expanded pet health care services, including increases in the utilization of diagnostics,
supported a 15% same-store increase and overall veterinary clinic revenues in Q1 and a 21% same-store
increase in diagnostic revenues per practice, well ahead of 5% growth in overall visits to veterinary clinics
in the quarter.

Positive market dynamics, benefits from IDEXX commercial initiatives and technology to support higher
standards of care and continued very high customer retention rates drove strong Q1 organic revenue
gains across our major testing modalities globally. IDEXX Global Reference Lab gains revenues increased
22% organically in Q1 and reflecting 20% plus organic gains in U.S. and international markets. Our
international reference lab gains benefited from strong growth in Europe, supported by our new German
core lab capability, our expanded commercial presence and growth in IDEXX 360 program agreements.
Global Reference Lab gains continue to be driven by high same-store volume growth, with strong gains
across testing categories.

IDEXX VetLab consumable revenues increased 26% on an organic basis in the first quarter, reflecting
continued 20%-plus growth in the U.S. and 30% plus organic gains in international markets. Gains
continue to be supported by increases in testing utilization across regions, high customer retention levels
and expansion of our global premium instrument installed base.

CAG instrument placements increased significantly in Q1 compared to constrained prior year levels as
clinics look ahead to supporting high-growth of demand for diagnostics globally. Total premium placements
increased 32%, reflecting 26% gains in North America and 36% growth in international markets. The
quality of CAG instrument placements was excellent, reflected in 302 catalyst placements at new and
competitive accounts in North America, up 27%, and 805 new and competitive placements in international
markets, a year-on-year increase of 15%. We also benefited from 464 second catalyst placements driven
by continued strong demand from high-volume customers. These new placements and high customer
retention levels supported a 13% year-on-year growth in our global catalyst installed base. We achieved
956 premium hematology placements, including our initial shipments of ProCyte One, supporting a 10%
growth in our global premium hematology base compared to Q1 of 2020. We also placed 577 SediVues,
including strong placement levels at international markets, leveraging IDEXX 360 agreements, which
supported a 21% year-on-year global increase in our premium urine sediment installed base. We're very
encouraged by the momentum we're driving and expanding our in clinic installed base as we prepare for
continued improvement in sales access to veterinary clinics globally and advance the global launch of
ProCyte One.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Rapid assay revenues also expanded at a strong 20% organic growth rate in Q1, reflecting mid-teen
gains in the U.S., supported by high demand for wellness testing and accelerated growth in international
markets. Of note, retention rates for U.S. rapid assay customers reached 97% in Q1, the highest level
seen since the initiation of our U.S. Go Direct efforts in 2014.

Overall, high CAG Diagnostic recurring revenue growth remains primarily volume-driven across our
modalities, with consistent overall net price gains of 2% to 3%. In other areas of our CAG business,
our veterinary software and diagnostic imaging revenues increased 9% organically overall. Double-digit
gains in recurring software and digital imaging service revenues and solid growth in new software system
placements were moderated by lower diagnostic imaging instrument revenue levels, impacted by a year-
on-year reduction in earlier generation instrument platform sales.

Turning to our other business segments. Water business revenues declined 3% organically in Q1
compared to strong prior year results, which included an estimated $2 million or 8% growth benefit from
accelerated stocking orders. Adjusting for these impacts, water revenues increased solidly year-on-year
as we continue to see relative improvement in noncompliance related testing volumes that have been
constrained during the pandemic. Livestock, poultry and dairy revenue increased 9% organically in Q1,
driven by growth in our Asia Pacific region.

Q1 results saw approximately $2 million of favorability from shipment timing, which largely offset
favorable shipment timing impacts of Q1 of 2020. LPD results benefited from strong demand for diagnostic
testing programs for African swine fever and growth in core swine testing volumes in China, supported by
large producer efforts to rebuild swine Hertz. These gains more than offset lower herd health screening
levels compared to strong prior year results.

We expect to see some pressure in our LPD revenue growth rate moving forward particularly in the second
half of this year as we begin to lap the benefits from high prior year demand for our African swine fever
testing programs and see increased levels of local competition in China.

Turning to the P&L. We had strong profit flow-through in Q1 as we benefited from high CAG diagnostic
recurring revenue gains and comparisons to relatively higher pre-COVID operating expense levels in the
first quarter of 2020. Overall, operating margins expanded 830 basis points year-on-year on a comparable
basis, driving an increase in operating profits of 72% as reported and 65% on a comparable basis. Gross
profit increased 31% in Q1. Gross margins increased 320 basis points on a comparable basis, reflecting
productivity improvement in our lab operations, supported by higher organic revenue growth, favorable
impacts from strong consumable sales and benefits from moderate net price gains.

We're planning for gross margin gains to moderate over the balance of this year as we lap tightly
controlled prior year spending levels at increased reference lab staffing to support high revenue growth
and service levels. Operating expenses in Q1 increased 4% as reported and 3% on a comparable basis. As
noted, operating expense growth was moderated by comparisons to higher prior year pre-COVID spending
levels, including much higher prior year first quarter travel, trade show and sales meeting costs. Our
2020 financial outlook includes expectations for an increased rate of OpEx growth moving forward as we
lap comparisons to control prior OpEx levels and invest to support our strong global growth momentum
through enhancements to our commercial and innovation capability.

We're also planning for year-on-year increases in costs in key areas such as employee health care claims
and travel costs, as we work through the year and pandemic related restrictions are eased. Q1 EPS was
$2.35 per share, including benefits of $15 million or $0.17 per share related to share-based compensation
activity.

On a comparable basis, Q1 EPS increased 73%. Foreign exchange added $10 million to operating profits
and $0.09 to EPS in Q1, net of approximately $2 million in hedge losses. Free cash flow was $104 million
in Q1. On a trailing 12-month basis, our net income to free cash flow conversion rate was 99%, including
benefits from delayed capital spending and extension of tax payments.

For the full year, we're maintaining a consistent outlook for free cash flow conversion of 80% to 90% of
net income. Our balance sheet remains in a very strong position. We ended the quarter with leverage

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

ratios of 1.0x gross and 0.6x net of cash, with $350 million in cash and no borrowings and our $1 billion
revolving credit facility.

We reinitiated share repurchases in Q1, allocating $154 million of capital to repurchase 305,000 shares.

Turning to our '21 full year outlook. We're increasing our projected ranges for overall revenue growth to
14.5% to 16.5% as reported. This reflects a 150 basis point increase in our projected organic revenue
growth range, offset by approximately $5 million in refinements to our FX assumptions, which now point
to a positive 1.5% full year growth benefit this year at the rate shared in our press release.

Our updated organic -- overall organic revenue growth outlook of 13% to 15% reflects an estimated
organic growth range of 14.5% to 16% for CAG Diagnostic recurring revenue. As noted, we've raised
the CAG Dx recurring revenue growth outlook by 2% at midpoint to reflect our strong Q1 results, trends
that point towards a sustained high rate of U.S. clinic visit growth, and confidence in our global CAG
commercial execution, which is driving strong momentum in our international regions.

As a benchmark, our updated recurring revenue growth outlook aligns with the higher end of our
earlier projections for 2% to 5% same-store U.S. clinical visit growth for the full year 2021 and an
expected premium of IDEXX U.S. CAG diagnostic recurring revenue growth to clinic visit growth of
approximately 900 to 1,000 basis points. The increase in our CAG Diagnostic recurring revenue growth
outlook, which results in over $50 million of operational revenue upside, is being moderated by relatively
more conservative full year projections for IDEXX human COVID testing. We estimate that we'll see
approximately $10 million in lower human COVID revenues year-on-year in the second half of 2021 as we
lap the benefits of our prior initiatives and plan for moderation in testing levels. We've also moderated our
outlook for LPD growth to reflect increased local competition in China, including in our African swine fever
testing business.

Combined, these effects result in a 0.5% headwind compared to our earlier overall organic growth outlook.
Given the lapping of prior year COVID impacts, there will likely be significant variability in year-on-year
revenue growth rates by quarter, with continued expectations for higher revenue growth in the first half of
2021.

In terms of key financial metrics, as noted, we're now targeting 150 to 200 basis points of annual
comparable operating margin improvement in 2021, up 100 basis points from our initial outlook. This
is reflected in our reported operating margin outlook for 2021 of 28.3% to 28.8%. Our EPS outlook
incorporates updated projections for foreign exchange, which we now estimate will provide $0.15 of
positive EPS benefit in 2021, net of established hedge positions. Our full year outlook also includes an
updated estimate of $0.19 per share of tax benefit related to share-based compensation activity, $0.09
per share higher than our initial projections.

We provided details on our updated estimates and the tables in our press release and earnings snapshot.
That concludes our financial review. I'll now turn the call over to Jay for his comments.

Jonathan J. Mazelsky
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Brian, and good morning. IDEXX had an excellent start to 2021, driven by continued strong
market trends in our core CAG business and strong execution. This resulted in 21% quarterly organic
revenue growth in the first quarter and high profit flow through. Supported by 23% organic growth for
CAG diagnostics recurring revenues. There were strong gains across all our market segments.

Our business performance reinforces the tremendous long-term opportunity we see to develop the
global market for companion animal health care and gives us confidence to raise our 2021 outlook to
deliver 14.5% to 16% organic growth for CAG diagnostics recurring revenues and 21% to 26% gains in
comparable EPS growth.

Today, I'll provide provide an update on the trends we're seeing in our companion animal markets and our
approach to drive accelerated market growth, leveraging IDEXX innovation to raise the standard of patient
care. I'll also provide an update on our product and commercial initiatives that will enable us to capitalize

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

on market tailwinds and position the company to deliver continued strong financial returns. Let's begin
with an update on market trends. Companion animal health care continues to see strong global market
momentum. This is reflected, for example, in the U.S. market data showing higher growth in clinical visits
and continued high-growth in services, supported by expanded utilization of diagnostics.

As Brian highlighted, we saw continued high U.S. clinic visit growth, up 12% in the quarter, with
nonwellness visits up 9% and wellness visits up 16%. And with strong growth seen across practices of all
sizes. New patients continue to be a significant contributor to clinical visit gains. We estimate that new
clinical patients added approximately 3% to overall clinical growth versus Q1 2020, up from 1% to 2%
in the second half of 2020. And and we continue to see record levels in progesterone testing, evidence
of a continued step-up in breeder activity. The growth in puppies and kids and continued evidence of the
deepening of the pet owner bond, augmented by the growth in new pet parents can provide long-term
tailwinds for our business.

As a benchmark, we estimate that the average annual diagnostic revenue per senior or geriatric pet,
is double the amount we see per pet for puppies and kittens. If we do our job well with programs like
Preventive Care, we can help to drive twice the level of annual visits in young well pets and continue to
expand diagnostics usage through live stages, thereby helping advance standards of care. In looking
at our U.S. market data, we've seen an acceleration in the utilization of diagnostics. In our earnings
snapshot, we shared annual data for the percentage of 2020 clinical visits, including blood work. The
percentage of clinical visits with blood work increased approximately 1% to 18% percent in 2020, double
the historical rate of annual increase. Interestingly, the highest increases were in customer deciles doing
more testing. With gains across wellness and nonwellness blood work utilization, reinforcing the point that
even the highest users of diagnostics have significant potential for further growth.

An increased focus on services, and adoption of higher standards of care in areas like diagnostics are
driving very strong overall growth in veterinary clinics. In the first quarter, same-store total practice
revenues increased 15% and versus the same quarter last year, reflecting a 19% growth in clinical
revenue per practice and 21% growth in Diagnostics revenues. Clearly, our customers are extremely busy.
It's not surprising that they are looking for help from partners like IDEXX to support their high levels
of business growth through our customer-centric solutions offering. We're particularly pleased with our
commercial execution to support these customer needs, evidenced by 32% year-over-year growth in
premium instrument placements globally, including strong growth in placements at new and competitive
accounts.

A key area of focus has been leveraging our integrated direct go-to-market model to accelerate
international growth. We achieved 28% CAG Diagnostics recurring organic revenue growth internationally
in Q1, with strong gains across all our major regions, while driving a 36% year-over-year increase
in premium instrument placements outside of North America despite continued restrictions in sales
access to clinics. IDEXX 360 continues to gain traction internationally, resulting in higher growth with
customers, leveraging IDEXX technology across modalities. IDEXX 360 is helping to accelerate growth in
our international reference labs in key markets like Europe, supported by our state of the art, new core lab
in Kornwestheim, Germany, and our expanded commercial presence.

The international commercial expansion efforts we've highlighted continued to progress per plan, with the
goal of completing onboarding of new sales teams in key markets in the first half of 2021. The outstanding
growth momentum and long-term potential for IDEXX in international markets reinforces the high-return
from investments in our global commercial capability. Advancing international commercial expansions will
continue to be a key strategy. Innovation is another key pillar in our growth strategy. In late March, we
reached an exciting milestone when we began shipments of our next-generation hematology analyzer,
ProCyte One. I'm very proud of the extended team. Including our Westbrook, Maine, based instrument
manufacturing personnel for delivering this world-class analyzer on schedule during a pandemic to the
delight of our customers. Our first sales and installations were to U.S. clinics that participated in our
customer experience trials, which is a testament to their highly positive experience with the analyzer.
ProCyte One's exceptional simplicity and accuracy give our customers confidence in running the analyzer
and in the patient results.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

This is helping to gain efficiencies and practices in this truly a best-in-class experience. ProCyte One also
represents the next step for IDEXX in providing leading-edge technology, integrated with information
management, which enables clinical decision support and supports a wide range of veterinarian partners
in providing the highest levels of care. We expect ProCyte One to drive CAG growth as chemistry and
hematology testing go hand-in-hand and it's part of the IDEXX 360 program to help drive Reference
Lab usage. This quarter, our commercial focus for ProCyte One is on shipments to the clinics that took
advantage of our presales program while concurrently manufacturing and building volume to support our
sales ramp through 2021, including the international rollout expected to begin in late Q2, early Q3.

The SNAP Pro instrument is another investment in innovation that supports our customers at the point-
of-care by providing workflow benefits, accurate reading of diagnostic results on the SNAP platform and
SmartService connectivity. Our veterinary partners are busier than ever. So providing ease of information
management within the practice is a key benefit to help them save precious time while maintaining
accurate records. SNAP Pro provides a tool to address these needs and has helped drive recent growth
internationally for our rapid assay business. We see high engagement from international customers
who are actively using SNAP Pro and are connected to SmartService, with growth and retention rates
consistent with trends across U.S. customers. We're also making excellent progress in expanding our
installed base in key geographic markets like Europe, which helped to drive 20% organic growth in global
rapid assay revenues in the first quarter.

Our innovation agenda is also driving favorable business performance for our software portfolio, which had
another excellent quarter. Record-breaking worldwide PIMS placements in the quarter grew 43% versus
Q1 of last year, with 2 out of every 3 PIMS placements driven by cloud based technology. IDEXX Web PACS
saw double-digit growth in subscribers, including improvements in customer retention levels to over 96%.
We received consistent price from subscribers about usability, value and support of the web PAC system.
Important feedback as we look to expand this product into new markets.

These integrated offerings together create a diversified technology stack that provides multiple customer
benefits to help manage the growing productivity demands of veterinary clinics in a high-growth market.
Through our PIMS tools -- through our PIMS and tools like SmartFlow, our focus is on improving clinic
workflow by seamlessly connecting data between devices to streamline every step from patient admission
to discharge. By bringing AI capability to tools like Web PACS, our platforms enable faster procedures,
while leveraging data to deliver insights and reduce efforts by clinic staff. Extending to the client, our
communication applications are more compelling than ever, with clinics managing a significant portion of
visits curbside.

Connected software is critical for clinics in creating capacity to meet the increasing demands for veterinary
services. IDEXX is uniquely positioned to serve customer needs in this area, enhancing our value
proposition and differentiation. In terms of other key initiatives, we continue to promote the advancement
of preventive care and annual wellness testing through the IDEXX Preventive Care program. In addition
to increasing the standard of patient care, preventive care programs can help veterinarians improve
practice capacity, do more predictable schedule and level loading of practice staff. In the first quarter, the
commercial team executed over 200 new enrollments, bringing total enrollments to over 5,000, which is
an exciting milestone as we are more than halfway to our goal of 10,000 enrolled customers in the U.S.
by 2024. As our customers enter the wellness testing season, and wellness visits accelerate in the market,
we are focused on continuing to capture the underdeveloped market opportunity in vector borne disease
testing. There are significant long-term opportunities to expand vector board disease testing, in particular,
given the current prevalence of heartworm only testing in the U.S., shifting this balance to a full vector
born disease screening using 40x Plus not only enhances the standard of care, it represents a material
opportunity for clinics to drive additional revenue. This focus and strong underlying market trends helped
to deliver double-digit revenue growth across all regions, led by increases in utilization of 40x Plus and
feline retrovirus tests.

As we look ahead, we're very excited about the opportunity to leverage our commercial capability,
innovation and partnerships with our customers to build on our strong growth trends. A key area of
focus for us is to continue to invest in the infrastructure necessary to meet high levels of growth,
while maintaining top-notch service levels and prioritizing support for our workforce. Our employees

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

and customers have shown high levels of adaptability and resiliency during continued COVID-related
restrictions, and we look forward to a post-COVID-19 environment.
We anticipate more flexibility in the future and leveraging new ways of working together with our
colleagues and customers. I'd like to add that I'm extremely proud of the way that the IDEXX team is
executing. We are on track for a strong 2021. That concludes my opening remarks, and we now have time
for some questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

And our first question is from Michael Ryskin from Bank of America.

Michael Leonidovich Ryskin
BofA Securities, Research Division

And congrats on the strong order guys. To start, I want to ask on -- I want to focus on some of the OpEx
side of things. Obviously, a great quarter here on the margin side and -- coming out of the gate. But
Brian and Jay, you both had comments in your prepared remarks sort of on how to manage spend going
forward, both from the fact that you're going to be lapping some easier comps, but also that you want to
invest into the growth in the business. I think you mentioned adding on some staffing on the Reference
Lab side. Could you expand on that a little bit? And is there anything on the CAG field-based personnel?
Just sort of how should we think about reinvesting some of the gains in the business to support the growth
for the rest of the year?

Brian P. McKeon
CFO, Executive VP & Treasurer

Yes, Mike, why don't I start by just kind of framing the comparisons that we're trying to highlight as we
move forward because that's a key dynamic we're just trying to reinforce. Clearly, we had very strong
profit results in Q1. We are going to start entering a period here where we're going to be comparing
ourselves to kind of the controlled spending levels that we implemented last year. So if you recall, we
had $25 million of OpEx savings that we highlighted last second quarter, another $5 million of savings
from lower health care costs. We really, in the early stages of the pandemic, tried to be very mindful of
how we're controlling labor costs in areas like the labs. And so we're just trying to highlight, as we move
forward, we're going to see some of those comparison effects, moderate the margin gains, the gross
margin gains, and we'll see relatively higher OpEx growth. Again, it's a benchmark. Just in Q1, we had
over $7 million of cost reduction year-on-year from things like lower sales meeting costs and T&E, which
is about 7% of OpEx growth. So moving forward, we won't have those kind of favorability. So we're just
trying to highlight that. And we're also trying to highlight that we're advancing investment in the business.
So maybe Jay can talk a bit about that.

Jonathan J. Mazelsky
President, CEO & Director

Yes, sure. So just a couple of things to build on Brian's comments. Obviously, we're in a high-growth
environment. And there's excellent opportunity to continue to support that growth. We do that, obviously,
in areas like Reference Labs and production and field support. And the other area of opportunity for
us is just our international markets. We've identified this as being very attractive, and we continue to
advance our expansions where it makes sense. We know that is pretty good short-term return on those
expansions. We have, I think, really optimized our ability to identify all the right pieces you need to have
in place, including additional field, personnel Reference Labs, information technology investments, those
type of things. So we're very optimistic about the opportunity short-term and longer-term in our markets
in the U.S. as well as international, and we'll continue to advance as we see opportunities before us.

Michael Leonidovich Ryskin
BofA Securities, Research Division

Great. And then if I could throw in a follow-up sort of on some of the underlying figures you provide for
market conditions. As always, the snapshot is very helpful in terms of visit growth and revenue growth
for practices. I'm just curious, looking at it one more granularity. It seems like you're actually seeing
continued acceleration from 4Q, both on a raw numbers basis, and you adjust for some of the comp I
think, I guess, I would say that we were expecting a little bit more moderation and maybe a gradual phase
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

as you go through the year, but it seems like there's no indication of that. Is that a fair analysis of the
data? Have you seen anything that would indicate that things are moderating a little bit as some of these
markets sort of come out from COVID, and we're seeing some reopening of the economy. Just wondering
if you could talk about sort of the underlying trends there.

Brian P. McKeon
CFO, Executive VP & Treasurer

I would say, overall, Mike, the theme would be more consistency than change. What we saw in 2020
was an improvement, if you break down the drivers of things like CAG Diagnostic revenue growth in the
clinic. We saw higher levels of contribution from frequency and utilization and those have sustained.
If there was one thing that improved a bit in Q1, which we highlighted in the comments, was the new
patient contribution to clinical visit growth was up about 100 basis points. So I think some of the building
effect of the new puppies and kittens helped. But adjusting for that, the 2-year growth rates were largely
consistent with Q4. It was more consistency than change. We're entering a period now where we'll have
the COVID compares. The growth rate numbers are a little tougher to follow so we're trying to highlight
some of the 2-year trends. And I think we're encouraged that the 2-year trends are holding up well, and
that's factored into our outlook for the balance of the year.

Jonathan J. Mazelsky
President, CEO & Director

I would just add to that, Mike, the trends we described -- the broader level trends we've described have
largely been intact. So these are obviously new clinical business growth driven by new patients, the
majority of which are puppies and kittens, higher usage and intensity of diagnostics and more of a pivot to
services by the veterinarians. So those that we have seen over the last second half of 2020, we continue
to see in Q1.

Brian P. McKeon
CFO, Executive VP & Treasurer

One thing I'd highlight in addition to the market trends is in terms of IDEXX's execution, our international
teams are really doing an excellent job. We had excellent instrument placements, growth in 360. I think
the global commercial model that we've been looking to leverage and build upon is really, really in a good
place, and we're very pleased with the international momentum. So I wanted to highlight that.

Operator

Our next question is from Erin Wright right from Crédit Suisse.

Erin Elizabeth Wilson Wright
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. So you gave some incremental charts in the snapshot this time where the percentage of clinical
visits, including the blood work, increased by 1%. So that seems like acceleration from the prior trends
you've been seeing on an annual basis. But was this driven mostly by the greater proportion of acute
business during the pandemic? And how should we be thinking about that acceleration continuing with
potentially greater adoption of preventative care measures as well as other initiatives in a post-pandemic
world?

Jonathan J. Mazelsky
President, CEO & Director

I'll make a couple of comments about that, Erin. So the use of blood work is -- the growth rate has
approximately doubled as we talked about 1% in 2020 versus about 0.5% previous year. And so there's a
number of things that are driving that. We've seen a greater proportion of the higher users of diagnostics
continue to increase, and we see that very optimistically, as evidenced, but even those who are at the
higher range from a decile standpoint of diagnostic users, I feel like there's a lot more capacity. We
also see, as part of clinical visits, greater use of diagnostics. And then when they use them, greater

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

intensity has also gone up. So all those factors are playing into it. And we see that now sustained 3, 3 plus
quarters.

Erin Elizabeth Wilson Wright
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then on ProCyte One, can you provide an update on traction there? Do we anticipate that
accelerating throughout the year? And how is that tracking relative to your internal expectations at this
point?

Jonathan J. Mazelsky
President, CEO & Director

Yes. We're very excited and optimistic about ProCyte One. It's been a very successful rollout. These
things, there's a timing distance dimension to these as we roll out a new analyzer in terms of building
volume in production create awareness in the marketplace. The exciting thing about ProCyte One is the
opportunity itself is very significant. We think that there are 100,000-plus opportunities for placements
in the hematology market, but there's also a nice multiplier impact where there's hematology, there's
chemistry. So we tend to place those together. There's -- as part of IDEXX 360, there's pull-through in
terms of the Reference Labs and rapid assay, not just in the U.S. now, but internationally. And so we're
excited by the opportunity.

I think our experience, our customer experience trials have given us a lot of confidence that the analyzer
has hit the mark, both in terms of usability and performance, and we expect our ramp to grow throughout
the year. And especially so internationally as we release late Q2, early Q3, depending on things like
regulatory approvals.

Operator

Our next question is from Ron Bach from Stifel.

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Maybe 2 questions from me. Brian, the first one is a little long, both for you. I think the level of year-over-
year gross margin expansion, I think you said you expect the year-over-year level to moderate but just
to be clear, does it stay in this low 60% range. And then on the balance sheet, the leverage, I think you
called that a 0.6% net. That might be the lowest level I can remember since you came in the CFO and
started to flex it a bit. You've got a couple of big CapEx build out that's not behind you in Germany and
Westbrook. So just maybe you can comment on how we think about cap deployment going forward? And
then I've just got a quick follow-up.

Brian P. McKeon
CFO, Executive VP & Treasurer

Yes. On your first question on gross margin, we're seeing a really nice flow through. And obviously, the
high CAG Dx recurring mix and just the strong growth here is helping. We do anticipate, John, we're going
to be adding back some costs here to keep up with the growth, particularly in things like lab staffing,
and then we'll have some compares just to the -- as I mentioned, on a year-over-year basis, but we're
still anticipating a high level of gross margin flow through, and that's factored into our outlook. And on
leverage, you're correct, we've -- we're quite disciplined last year in terms of pausing share repurchases
and really controlling our capital spending. Our capital spending on an annual basis was below kind of
the normal levels that we typically have, and we deferred some projects, and we're -- we'll see a step-
up in that as we move forward. Not a change fundamentally in our long-term view, but just catching up
on some of the deferred capital spending. And right now, we're just signaling maintaining the kind of net
leverage ratios that you see. We did initiate buybacks in Q1 and feel good about sustaining those. So --
but not trying to signal any change to the leverage profile at this point.

Jonathan David Block
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Okay. Got it. Very helpful. And then a huge quarter, but we got to try to anticipate some of the potential
pushback. And the only thing that I can try to point U.S. CAG recurring premium to clinical visit growth
that's down from the 1600 and 1200 premium in 3Q and 4Q '20, respectively. I think you said they
adjusted, it was close to 1,000 to 1,100 bps. But any thoughts on why that slight moderation, Jay, maybe
in light of the bets as you mentioned, still focusing a lot more on services at their practices? And how do
we think about the premium going forward? Is it still in that 1,000 bps range?

Jonathan J. Mazelsky
President, CEO & Director

Yes. John, there's always a little bit of variability from quarter-to-quarter. We think that 900-plus premium
is what we've seen over the last quarters in 2020, and we think that, that is sustainable.

I think it's a reflection of a couple of different things. Obviously, the pivot to services, which, if anything,
has accelerated as part of the COVID response in clinics. But it's also a response that our strategy
as a company around innovation and commercial partnership with our customers in bringing testing,
relevant testing to practices. And so we think that, that's a successful formula, and it's supportive of what
veterinarians and pet owners want to see in terms of better patient care, better -- higher standards of
care for patients. And that will continue to be a focus for us from a commercial and innovation strategy
standpoint.

Brian P. McKeon
CFO, Executive VP & Treasurer

And, John, one thing I'd highlight, too, I know you're looking quarter-by-quarter, but Q3, I think, you need
to factor in there was some pent-up demand likely effects. And so I think the overall trend is very healthy.
It's at the higher end of our outlook. It's above where it was pre-COVID. We feel very good about the
growth in services trend as being sustainable, it's something that's going to enhance our growth profile.

Operator

Our next question is from Nathan Rich from Goldman Sachs.

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I actually wanted to start with a follow-up to John's question on the CAG Dx guidance. Brian, I think
you said it was up 2% relative to the prior outlook. I was just curious to get some more details on the
underlying assumptions around visit growth and increases in diagnostic utilization. I think you had talked
about kind of 2% to 5% visit growth for the year previously, and then that 9% to 10% premium that was
just referenced. So I'd just be curious if you have any kind of updated assumptions as we think about the
balance of the year on those metrics?

Brian P. McKeon
CFO, Executive VP & Treasurer

Sure. Why don't I start a little higher level with the global numbers, but made, our updated range, the
higher end of the CAG Dx recurring range basically assumes similar 2-year growth trends to what we
saw in Q4 and Q1. So it's largely in line with that. And I think that, that is the primary driver of the
update, I think, is the -- just more confidence coming through Q1 on sustainability of some of the trends
and some positive dynamics with clinical visit growth. And so that's more of the headline. We're still
maintaining a range because that may moderate. We may see some pullback. We're going to be up
against some compares here, but I think, on balance, we feel very good about the trends, and if anything,
they improved a bit in Q1.

And as a benchmark, we do try to highlight that U.S. clinical visit growth and premium dynamic that you
mentioned, and our initial estimates were 2% to 5% for the full year for clinical visit growth, that's a 1-
year basis, and the 900 to 1,000 basis point premium. And I did mention that our updated outlook reflects
that we're trending at the higher end on clinical visits and that we're reinforcing the premium outlook,
which is right in line with where we were in Q1. So I think the -- just the underlying market trends have

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

sustained. We feel good about that, and we're seeing that globally. And I think we feel very good about
our execution. And now, of course, have things like ProCyte One to -- as innovation initiatives that will
help us build on that momentum.

Nathan Allen Rich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Great. That's helpful. And if I could just ask a quick follow-up on ProCyte One. Can you talk about, I
guess, maybe, Jay, the placements that you've seen so far for maybe the orders that you're getting, how
many of those are in new or competitive accounts versus with existing customers? And can you maybe
just talk about the opportunity to use kind of ProCyte One as maybe a lever to get into practices that
IDEXX isn't in currently?

Jonathan J. Mazelsky
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So it's early in the rollout, but we're very pleased. It's been a very successful rollout, very successful
customer experience trials, and not easy to do, by the way, in the middle of pandemic. This is complex
-- the instrument, and it has a world-class user interface and performs at a very high level from just an
accuracy standpoint. We've identified the hematology opportunity is very significant for the company. Keep
in mind, a lot of our international markets are hematology first markets. So what that means if they have
a choice in terms of -- if it's one instrument or none, they tend to choose hematology and they test with
hematology even before chemistry, even when they have both. So in terms of the opportunity itself, as I
earlier described it's almost 100,000 placement opportunities, 2/3 plus of which is internationally.

But even more importantly, if I pivot just a higher level comment, it's an important part of our overall in-
clinic solution. We tend to sell chemistry and hematology, increasingly SediVue together. So having this
type of solution, which from a performance and cost profile standpoint, hits the sweet spot of the market,
is obviously very attractive to us. The other thing that I would point out is that, increasingly, the IDEXX
360 program is just getting terrific traction internationally. And as part of that, the capital placement
piece is the anchor. And there's pull-through on reference labs and rapid assay in terms of delivering the
underlying volume commitment. So we're excited by the overall CAG Diagnostics opportunity that ProCyte
One represents. It's going to have, we think, a very long tail, both duration as well as overall volume
opportunity. So more to come over time.

Operator

And our last question is from Balaji Prasad from Barclays.

Balaji V. Prasad
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Just twofold questions for me. One, pretty broad level one. Trying to understand or detect the growth.
Was there any element of growth coming through market share gains in this quarter? Or was it all what
we could perceive broader industry growth led by visits and increasing utilization? And secondly, our wet
survey indicated a 200 basis points jump in Y-o-Y revenue contributions for clinics from diagnostics. Does
it sound you as right and/or align with your internal tracking?

Jonathan J. Mazelsky
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So our market -- markets are very competitive. They have always been very competitive. We're
pleased with what we've been able to advance in our commercial agenda. We've shared some data on new
and competitive placements with Catalyst both in North America as well as international. So you can make
your own assumptions in terms of what that means. Our focus is just continuing to support and serve
our customers with IDEXX solutions. We do that both on the instrument side, obviously, with broader
diagnostic solutions and software. And what we find is, when customers use all of our solutions, they grow
faster, they tend to stay with us longer, and they find that it supports their practice needs.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

In terms of the survey you're mentioning, I'm not familiar with that, so I'm just going to withhold
comment not knowing the underlying methodology.

Balaji V. Prasad
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Fair enough. Maybe a specific comment, if you could throw some light on what you're seeing with -- since
the launch of [indiscernible] in Q4 and if it is disrupting the market? And what are you seeing on the clinic
side in terms of comments?

Jonathan J. Mazelsky
President, CEO & Director

Yes. The thing that -- I think you asked a question more generally about the fecal detection. And our belief
is that the fecal antigen tests that we offer at the Reference Lab is best-in-class. It detects up to 2x as
much than traditional benefits like O&P. There are just a number of challenges in doing fecal within the
clinic. First and foremost is the sample prep piece, and that's very time-consuming and continues to be
messy. And then you can develop an algorithm that protects eggs as part of the parasites or worms. But
at the end of the day, they have to be available, that you have to be able to visually see them. The benefit
in being able to detect through antigen testing is you are able to see them in the prepatent period, which
is between 4 and 6 weeks earlier than physically when the eggs are available. So you get better detection
piece. So we like our solutions. We think our customers appreciate fecal antigen at the reference labs, and
that's where we continue to support them.

Operator

Thank you. I'll now turn it back over to Jay for final remarks.

Jonathan J. Mazelsky
President, CEO & Director

Thank you. I want to thank everybody for calling in. I want to express my gratitude to the IDEXX team
for their ongoing extraordinary performance during these challenging times. We have an amazing purpose
and opportunity as a company, and I couldn't be more appreciative of the IDEXX team and how they live
our mission every day. And so with that, we'll conclude the call, and thank you.

Operator
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating, and you
may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

