Illumina, Inc. NasdaqGS:ILMN
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 29, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.80

1.02

Revenue  (mm)

713.97

794.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-23-2020 5:15 AM GMT

27.50

11.21

1.42

4.57

6.44

873.64

3095.41

3967.93

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.58

1.25

0.67

0.80

1.70

1.64

0.62

1.02

7.59 %

31.20 %

(7.46 %)

27.50 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
ILLUMINA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Juliet Cunningham
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

ANALYSTS

Catherine Walden Ramsey
Schulte
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Daniel Anthony Arias
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Daniel Louis Leonard
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

David Michael Westenberg
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Derik De Bruin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Doug Schenkel
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Patrick Bernard Donnelly
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Puneet Souda
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Tejas Rajeev Savant
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2020 Illumina Earnings Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.

I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference call, Ms. Juliet Cunningham, VP, Illumina
Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Juliet Cunningham
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us for our third quarter 2020 results conference call.
During the call today, we will review the financial results released after the close of market and offer
commentary on our commercial activity. After which, we'll host a question-and-answer session. If you've
not had a chance to review the earnings release, it can be found in the Investor Relations section of our
website at illumina.com.

Participating for Illumina today will be Francis deSouza, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Sam
Samad, Chief Financial Officer. Francis will share an update on our business, and Sam will review our
financial results.

Similar to last quarter, we are hosting our conference call from a number of different locations, so please
bear with us if there are any technical issues or pauses. This call is being recorded, and the audio portion
will be archived in the Investors section of our website. It is our intent that all forward-looking statements
regarding our financial results and commercial activity made during today's call will be protected under
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and
uncertainties. Actual events or results may differ materially from those projected or discussed. All forward-
looking statements are based upon current available information, and Illumina assumes no obligation to
update these statements. To better understand the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ, we refer you to the documents that Illumina files with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
including Illumina's most recent Forms 10-Q and 10-K.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Francis.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Juliet. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We saw a strong rebound
in our business in the third quarter, with a faster recovery than we expected in both our clinical and
research customers. Total revenue for the third quarter was $794 million, up 26% sequentially and down
12% compared to the prior year period. I'll share the third quarter highlights, and Sam will provide more
detailed financials.

Sequencing revenue grew 25% compared to the second quarter of 2020. Sequencing consumables grew
29% sequentially, with strength across our high, mid- and low throughput product portfolio. NextSeq
momentum continued to build, with mid-throughput consumables growing both sequentially and 3%
year-over-year and we expect continued growth in the fourth quarter. Sequencing instruments also
outperformed expectations, with revenue up 24% sequentially. This growth was primarily driven by
increased shipments of NovaSeq and NextSeq platforms. NovaSeq purchases have rebounded nicely
from Q1, when some customers delayed purchases as shelter in place policies took effect. We have been
pleased with the sequential growth in NovaSeq shipments in each quarter since Q1. We're entering the
fourth quarter with a strong NovaSeq pipeline and expect the sequential growth to continue in Q4.

In addition, we had another successful quarter for our mid-throughput portfolio, with both NextSeq
2000 and NextSeq 550, exceeding our expectations. Strong demand for these flexible sequencers led
to a record mid-throughput shipments in the third quarter. We're especially pleased with the success of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

the NextSeq 2000 launch, reflecting positive customer feedback and demand. Approximately 1/3 of the
NextSeq 2000 placements are coming from new to Illumina customers. Consistent with our expectations,
we've seen little cannibalization of NovaSeq conversions among the remaining HiSeq customers.

Sequencing service and other revenue grew 9% sequentially and was 28% lower compared to the prior
year due to onetime IVD licensing and development revenues of over $30 million in the third quarter
of last year. Total microarray revenue of $86 million was up 28% sequentially as direct-to-consumer
customers and other applications began recovering from pandemic-related headwinds.

Turning to our customer segments. We saw solid improvement in both clinical and research activity. As
a reminder, we track sequencing run rates as an indicator of general activity. Run volumes are based on
sampling and do not directly correlate with revenue. The intent of providing this metric is to help investors
understand customer sequencing activity.

Clinical sequencing run volumes increased from an average of 84% in the second quarter to 96% during
the third quarter compared to pre-pandemic levels. In oncology, we're encouraged by signs that point to
continued adoption of NGS in cancer treatment. The European Society for Medical Oncology, or ESMO,
became the first scientific society to issue recommendations for the use of NGS in oncology. Depending on
the cancer type, the society recommends NGS for large multi-gene panels for the determination of tumor
mutation burden and to screen patients for clinical trials. To date, TSO 500, which is for research use only,
provides comprehensive genomic profiling and has been adopted by approximately 250 customers.

We're excited to release a CE-IVD marked TSO comprehensive assay in 2021 to ensure labs can follow
ESMO guidelines and continue to improve cancer patient outcomes. Growing payer adoption will continue
to broaden the availability of these tests. Last month, Aetna, covering 19 million lives, announced
coverage for large panel comprehensive genomic profiling, for both solid and liquid, including testing for
TMB.

We're also encouraged by the increasing availability and adoption for NGS-based liquid biopsy tests. The
recent FDA approval for Guardant360 and FoundationOne liquid CDx demonstrates the clinical utility of
these technologies that detects cell-free DNA from the tumor in the blood and can provide comprehensive
genomic profiling when tumor tissue is not available. Liquid biopsy panels like these broaden access to
more patients who can benefit from NGS in their cancer treatment.

Reproductive health showed strength in the quarter, growing sequentially and year-over-year. In fact,
during the third quarter, reproductive health averaged over 100% of its pre-pandemic run rate. We expect
sustained growth as reimbursement prospects have never looked more promising.

Recently, ACOG updated its guidance to recommend that NIPT be made available to all pregnant women,
regardless of maternal age or baseline risk. This is a major milestone, and we expect payers to continue
to follow ACOG's guidance, adding to the already 130 million-plus lives covered for average risk in the
U.S. Centene, for example, recently aligned its guidelines, adding average risk coverage to an additional
23 million lives in the U.S. Centene is also the largest Medicaid managed care organization in the U.S.,
meaning this coverage decision will bring NIPT as an option to more medically underserved areas and
populations.

In genetic disease testing, physicians, insurance companies and governments around the globe are
increasingly adopting sequencing to diagnose children suspected of having genetic conditions. We're
seeing solid progress on the reimbursement front. Payer adoption in the U.S. continues to grow, with more
than double the lives covered for whole genome sequencing than at the start of the year. And Australia
recently announced that they will reimburse whole exome or genome sequencing to identify the genetic
cause of intellectual disabilities. These positive developments give us confidence in sustained long-term
growth in this underpenetrated market.

Turning to research. Sequencing runs show continued improvement and increased from an average
of 65% in the second quarter to 82% in the third quarter compared to its pre-pandemic run volumes.
We're encouraged to see researchers returning to their labs and reopening and this level of improvement
exceeded our expectations.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Within research, we're seeing the role of NGS take shape in infectious disease. We believe the most likely
near-term use case for sequencing is in research and surveillance for projects like Australia's first national
COVID-19 tracking system, which aims to sequence the virus genomes of all positive COVID-19 tests in
Australia and track COVID-19 using genomics across the country.

NIH is also increasing its funding for understanding COVID-19 and the transmission pathway using
genomic testing. We continue to believe COVID-19 testing will be primarily served by PCR and antigen
tests, with NGS providing supplemental testing capacity. As such, we're not factoring in a material
contribution to revenue in the fourth quarter from COVID-19 testing.

On the population genomics front, we're seeing promising signs of progress. All of us received its IDE
approval from the FDA in the second quarter, and as expected, samples started to flow from the biobank
to partner genome centers. We expect the project to ramp in the fourth quarter and into 2021.

During the third quarter, sequencing for the UK Biobank continued and we expect levels to gradually
return to normal and sequencing to continue into 2021. And we expect whole genome sequencing services
for the NHS Genomic Medicine Service to commence later this quarter. Given the NHS' current focus on
COVID, we expect this program to gradually ramp over the next few quarters.

Perhaps one of the most resilient PopGen programs in the face of the pandemic has been the Million
Veteran Program, or MVP. The project aims to provide insights on how genetics, lifestyle and military
exposures affect health and illness and has recently expanded its targeted enrollment from 1 million to
2 million veterans. The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs through its sequencing partner, Personalis,
expects to cross the 100,000 whole genome milestone before the end of the year. We believe these
and other initiatives will expand our markets and create exciting new opportunities for Illumina. We are
committed to continuing to lead through innovation with new product launches to support the markets
and customers we serve, including NovaSeq 6000 version 1.5 reagents, which were launched during
the third quarter. This release offers increased shelf life, improved quality scores, longer indices and
most importantly, it makes a $600 genome more broadly available to help smaller labs be successful and
provides additional incentives for labs to upgrade from HiSeq to NovaSeq.

NovaSeq 6000 version 1.5 reagents have been extremely well received by our customers. For example,
the Princess Máxima Center, the largest national pediatric oncology center in Europe was outsourcing its
genome sequencing to a collaborator. But with the new reagents, they were able to purchase a NovaSeq
and can now start to perform testing in-house. Meaning potentially care-altering genomic information will
reach children with cancer faster and performed closer to the patient. The longer read lengths, combined
with high-throughput scale, enabled a Canadian biotech company to adopt a NovaSeq 6000 for the
development of antibody products for potential COVID-19 therapy. We're preparing to launch NextSeq
1000 this quarter. NextSeq 1000 enables lower throughput customers to adopt our newest platform as an
entry point with the ability to field upgrade to the NextSeq 2000.

We're also launching the P3 flow cell this quarter. Early access P3 customers, including academic core labs,
are already using the flow cell for routine sequencing methods in midsized research projects to enable
faster turnaround times. Other customers are using P3 to develop workflows in single cell, epigenetics and
spatial transcriptomics. These are examples of how we continue to execute on our current and future plans
throughout these challenging times to advance our mission and create long-term shareholder value.

Now I'll hand the call over to Sam to discuss the third quarter financials.

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

Thanks, Francis. As discussed, third quarter 2020 revenue was $794 million, a 12% decline year-over-
year, but a 26% increase compared to the second quarter of 2020. While the global pandemic continued
to impact our business, we saw encouraging signs of recovery within both clinical and research customers.
Sequencing consumables revenue of $500 million was up 29% sequentially and down 5% compared to the
prior year period. Quarter-over-quarter growth of $113 million reflected significant improvement across
high-, mid- and low-throughput platforms, with NovaSeq pull-through returning to over 1 million per

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

system per year. Our mid-throughput sequencing consumables grew in the quarter versus the same period
last year.

Total sequencing system revenue of $109 million was ahead of our expectations with both NovaSeq and
our mid-throughput platforms exceeding our expectations at the start of the quarter. The third quarter
was also a record quarter for mid-throughput shipments, driven by customer demand for NextSeq 2000
and the NextSeq 550Dx platform. In fact, NextSeqDx shipments represented over 40% of NextSeq 550
shipments year-to-date. Since 2013, Illumina has shipped over 1,000 Dx instruments, reflecting the
growing clinical nature of our customer base.

Sequencing service and other revenue of $99 million was lower compared to the third quarter of 2019.
Total sequencing revenue was $708 million and represented 89% of total revenue. Finally, total microarray
revenue of $86 million was down 16% from the third quarter of 2019, reflecting lower consumables and
services revenue primarily driven by COVID-19-related headwinds.

Turning to the regions. Americas' revenue of $436 million was ahead of expectations and grew over
$100 million or 30% compared to the second quarter of 2020. Sequential growth was driven by both
research and clinical customers, as labs continue to reopen and clinical activity increased. In fact, clinical
sequencing consumables grew modestly compared to the prior year period, as demand started to recover
after delays in testing in the second quarter. EMEA revenue of $213 million was up $45 million compared
to the second quarter of 2020, with strength in sequencing consumables, which grew compared to the
third quarter of 2019, driven by a strong rebound in both clinical and research customers.

China revenue grew sequentially to $83 million, driven by strength in instrument placements. APJ revenue
was roughly flat year-over-year at $62 million and increased $11 million compared to the second quarter
of 2020, with NIPT helping to lead the recovery with sequential and year-over-year growth.

Moving through the P&L. I will highlight non-GAAP results that include stock-based compensation. I
encourage you to review the GAAP reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures, which can be found in
today's release and the supplementary data available on our website. Please note that all subsequent
references to net income and earnings per share refer to the results attributable to Illumina shareholders.

Non-GAAP gross margin of 67.4% was lower as expected on both a year-over-year and sequential basis.
The year-over-year decline was driven by IVD partnership revenue in the third quarter of 2019 not
repeating this year and lower volume and higher freight costs associated with the pandemic. Non-GAAP
operating expenses of $365 million were higher compared to the second quarter of 2020 and the same
quarter last year. Sequential growth was driven as expected by an increase in R&D project spend and
higher compensation expenses. Compared to the third quarter of 2019, operating expenses were higher
primarily due to compensation-related expenses and increased project spend, partially offset by decreased
travel. Non-GAAP operating margin was 21.4%, up from 15.8% last quarter. The non-GAAP tax rate of
14.8% was lower compared to last quarter and prior year due to discrete tax benefits related to prior year
return adjustments and release of tax reserves.

For the third quarter of 2020, GAAP net income was $179 million, or $1.21 per diluted share, and non-
GAAP net income was $150 million or $1.02 per diluted share. Other income was the main driver for the
difference between GAAP and non-GAAP net income due to net gains from mark-to-market adjustments
on our strategic investments primarily from our marketable equity securities.

Additionally, in the third quarter, cash flow from operations was $153 million, capital expenditures were
$48 million and free cash flow was $105 million. DSO of 53 days compared to 55 days last quarter, in part
due to increased collections. We repurchased $125 million of common stock in the third quarter, with $295
million remaining for repurchase under our current plans.

We ended the quarter with approximately $3.3 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term
investments. Our weighted average diluted share count for the quarter was approximately 148 million.

As we continue to navigate this pandemic, there are still uncertainties around the virus resurgence and
rate of recovery, and therefore, we will not provide guidance for the remainder of the year. Additionally,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

we are closely monitoring developments in the pandemic, given the risk of new shutdowns in the U.S. and
Europe.

In the fourth quarter, we expect that sequencing run volumes will continue to improve modestly for
clinical and research customers, from the 96% and 82% levels, respectively, in the third quarter. Again,
we caution that this does not directly correlate to revenue, but data from the third quarter suggests
customers are steadily returning to their labs, which will lead to increased activity. Consistent with the
third quarter, we expect fourth quarter sequential growth across all regions with China and APJ showing
flat to modest growth year-over-year.

For the fourth quarter of 2020, we currently expect continued sequential improvement in revenue,
resulting from sequencing consumables being up modestly on a sequential basis, as clinical and research
activity continues to gradually improve. Sequencing instruments increasing sequentially, and the fourth
quarter is expected to be the strongest quarter of the year for instrument placements. Sequencing service
and other, flat sequentially, and microarrays up modestly on a sequential basis as we continue to see a
gradual recovery in direct-to-consumer and genotyping applications. For the rest of the P&L, we expect
sequential decline in non-GAAP gross margin, in part driven by product mix with higher contribution from
instrument sales. Sequential increase in non-GAAP operating expenses primarily driven by R&D project-
related expenses, compensation-related expenses and an extra week in the fourth quarter compared to
the prior quarter and prior year. Non-GAAP EPS to be roughly flat compared to the third quarter of 2020
reflecting revenue improvement, offset by lower gross margins and the sequential increase in operating
and tax expenses.

With that, I'll hand the call back over to Francis for some closing remarks.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Sam. As the global leader for sequencing platforms and consumables, we've seen our products
enabled groundbreaking research programs and transformative clinical tests that have the potential
to shift the paradigm in patient care. One of the largest opportunities for patient impact and revenue
potential for years to come is the ability for NGS to detect cancer early.

Last month, we announced a definitive agreement to acquire GRAIL and we expect the acquisition to
close in the second half of 2021. We believe our planned acquisition of GRAIL will accelerate a new era
of early cancer detection, transforming cancer survivability and opening up the largest clinical application
of genomics we've seen. We look forward to welcoming our GRAIL colleagues to Illumina when the
acquisition closes.

Upon close, we expect to operate GRAIL as a division within Illumina. We remain committed to supporting
all of Illumina's customers and ensuring that innovators who wish to develop NGS-based tests have
continued access to our technologies.

To conclude, the recovery of our business accelerated in the third quarter with significant sequencing
consumables revenue growth compared to the second quarter of 2020 and we expect continued
consumables growth in the fourth quarter.

Importantly, we're also making good progress incorporating genomics into the standard of care in
oncology therapy selection, NIPT and genetic disease testing. And most importantly, we believe that we're
laying a strong foundation for Illumina's near and long-term growth.
With that, we'll open the call up to Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen.

Doug Schenkel
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

The quarter was clearly better than most expected, I think even better than you guys probably thought
in a lot of instances. I'm just wondering if you have a sense for how much of this was catch-up versus
reflecting a new base to build off of moving forward. Based on your prepared remarks on Q4, both yours,
Sam, as well as yours, Francis, it does seem like this is kind of a new base to build off of, given the
momentum you've described heading into Q4. Is that fair?

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Doug, yes, I think that's fair. If we look at how this quarter played out, it certainly played out better than
we expected based on how the first few weeks of the quarter were looking. So what we saw over the
course of the quarter was the acceleration in the recovery in terms of the sequencing activity in both our
clinical and research customers. And so as we exited the quarter, I think we're at a new baseline that we
will keep going into Q4. So I think it's fair to say that the recovery accelerated to create a new baseline for
us going forward.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just want to try to hit on 2 things. Just the elasticity on the consumable pricing cut, you highlighted a
couple of examples, Francis, of customers that have come forward on the $600 genome and usually
there's a reason to buy NovaSeq. But I'm just curious, as we think ahead and into next year, how much
incremental demand do you think that will drive and to what degree will catalyze some of the projects
that you hoped it would? And then on the instrument side, instruments were still down 23%. I'm just
wondering if you could comment a little bit on when you think they're really going to get back to growth?

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Yes, sure. So let me take both of those questions. So first, around the elasticity point associated with the
launch of version 1.5 reagents. So what version 1.5 aim to do and we saw the effect in the quarter, was
really catalyze some of the smaller core labs by giving them access to the $600 genome. The larger labs
already had access to the $600 genome, so this was really a release targeted to the smaller core labs.
And the intent is to do 2 things: one, to unlock the elasticity in that part of the market. And so we saw
customers that were thinking about bigger projects, we saw customers that are moving to in-source and I
talked about an example of that in the prepared remarks.

The other thing that this release was intended to do was catalyze an upgrade cycle in that segment of
the market, the smaller core labs. And so we started to see examples of customers that were either on
older instruments or didn't have, so they could be in HiSeq, for example, or they didn't have sequencers.
And because of this release, they were able to buy a NovaSeq. Both of those dynamics. So catalyzing
the elasticity of demand in terms of bigger projects as well as driving an upgrade cycle are dynamics we
expect to continue to play out into Q4 and going into next year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

As you know, typically, when we release a new price point into the market at a lower price point, initially,
there is a bit of a headwind. In this case, though, we expect it to be very short, and that's how it's playing
out, where very quickly, we're starting to see both of those positive dynamics start to play out.

The second question you talked about was around instruments, and maybe I'll start, and Sam, you can
add to it. I talked a little bit in the prepared remarks that we saw really good activity from an instrument
perspective. We were really pleased that throughout the course of the year, Q2, we saw an increase
in NovaSeq shipments compared to Q1. Q3 was bigger than Q2. And so we continue to see growth in
NovaSeq shipments play out over the course of this year from the base of Q1, and we saw strong demand
in the mid-throughput instruments, too. Maybe, Sam, I'll turn it over to you to provide more color.

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

Yes. I would say, in fact, we've been pleased with the sequencing instrument performance, both in Q3 and
the resilience that we've seen through the pandemic. You would expect that there would be a year-over-
year decline, especially given the pandemic, given some pause on instrument purchases. But as we look
towards Q4, we're expecting growth in instruments, our strongest quarter of the year. We're expecting
growth in terms of NovaSeq sequentially as well. And when I say growth in Q4, I mean sequentially in
terms of instrument revenues. And then the pipeline looks really strong for both NextSeq 2000 and for
NovaSeq.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.

Derik De Bruin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

A couple of questions. I think the first one, obviously, there's been a big ramp in the operating expense
in the second half of the year. As we think about going forward, is this something we should think about
rolling into '21, but even higher as some of the T&E comes back in, some of the travel comes back in? And
I guess another question, the -- on the NIPT space, can you give us a sense of how many women that
were covered under high-risk actually were -- actually were taking advantage -- I mean the women that
were eligible for doing high-risk, how many actually went into NIPT testing? And the reason why I ask is,
I'm just trying to get a sense of what the penetration would be for average risk, just sort of expanding
coverage. Just trying to get some feel for the dynamics and how we can think about the NIPT business
expanding.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So maybe I'll start, and then Sam can add some color, too. In terms of operating expenses, the --
our philosophy over the course of the year has been to review our operating expenses very closely. And
one of the things we want to do is make sure we continue to protect the high-priority things that we were
working on. So that includes our rich innovation pipeline, and so we've protected our projects associated
with upcoming products as well as some long-term investments in the business. So we've protected those,
but we've looked for other areas where we could make savings. Some of those sort of naturally played
out with the course of the pandemic in the form of reduced travel, for example. And some of those, you're
right, will come back next year. And so Sam will comment a little bit more about that.

In terms of NIPT, obviously, it's a very regional story. But in the U.S., for example, you have a reasonably
good penetration in terms of the women who are eligible for NIPT going to get it. So the majority of
women who are eligible for the test do get it as part of their pregnancy. And so the opening up of that
market in the average-risk segment does represent meaningful upside in terms of the actual demand for
the test.

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Yes. Derik, with regards to OpEx, I would add just maybe a couple of points, and thanks for the question,
by the way. The one thing I would say is we've been incredibly focused and diligent in terms of managing
our operating expenses, but at the same time, really focused, to Francis' point, about not in any way
undercutting our innovation and -- our investment in innovation and in any way impacting our R&D
pipeline. But for 3 quarters of the year, up until the end of Q3, I would say we're about $150 million
below our own internal budget in terms of operating expense. So we have been very careful in terms of
managing operating expenses. We're about 10% below.

And as we look forward, yes, there will be some things that start to ramp back up. Things like again, as
employees come into the labs, we will have R&D projects start to scale back up, that will continue into
next year. And we'll have certain expenses as hopefully this pandemic eases, like travel, that increase as
well. But I would say, in general, we've been extremely diligent and disciplined in terms of managing our
expenses through year-to-date.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Puneet Souda with SVB Leerink.

Puneet Souda
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

First question, recently, just this -- in the last 24 hours, we have seen lockdown in France and Europe and
these lockdowns can potentially spread. Just wondering, is that contemplated in your expectations for the
fourth quarter? And also, do you expect customers in Europe to be more adept this time around in terms
of managing research and diagnostic sequencing operations now versus before? I just wanted to get your
thoughts on that, given that sequencing run rate, which you described earlier, is 96% of pre-pandemic
levels. Could we see a different standard here? And is this baked into your guidance?

And then if you -- second question, if I could ask around GRAIL, one of the key questions that has
emerged last week -- since this week actually, is the approach that Illumina to GRAIL's acquisition in light
of another multi-cancer liquid biopsy acquisition this week. I totally recognize that the acquisitions are
pre-revenue, but it appears that GRAIL is valued significantly higher versus Thrive. So could you elaborate
if there is anything in terms of the overall market opportunity of the pre pan-cancer test? Or technical
performance in the gallery? Or scale of the studies or anything here that gives you a greater confidence
and a higher valuation? Appreciate it.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thanks, Puneet. So I will start with your question around the potential restrictions in Europe, maybe
even the U.S. As we mentioned on the prepared remarks, we're monitoring that closely. Obviously, we all
want to see the pandemic get under control, but there are definitely some signs in Europe that there are
some potential shutdowns taking place or at least additional restrictions. And so for Q4, we're monitoring
that closely. We factored that in as we look forward in terms of our expectations for Q4. In fact, we said
clinical sequencing activity in Q3 was 96% of prepandemic levels. Research was 82% of prepandemic
levels. And we expect both of those to improve modestly partially because of the fact that we're really
tracking kind of how this pandemic evolves in Q4 and not to improve more than that.

With regards to your other point about customers being more adept, I do think they are getting a bit
more adept in terms of learning to work and live with the virus. Not to say that they're not obviously very
careful and cautious about that. But at the same time, when we look at, for instance, the number of labs
that are now, based on our Q3 data, that are either completely open or in sort of some level of operation,
it's about 90% of the labs compared to about 50% back in April. So that doesn't mean that there --
that 90% is all full systems ahead and they're all open, but there are either fully open or in restricted
operations. It's about 90% of the total labs globally. So they are really gradually ratcheting back up, but in
a cautious way. And that's what's factored into our expectations.

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

And then, Puneet, if I could comment on your GRAIL question. We've talked about the fact that early
detection of cancer represents, by far, the largest clinical application of genomics we're likely to see over
the next decade or two. And we also talked about the fact that we expect many players in this market.
And because it's such a large opportunity, and we expect players to take different approaches, whether it's
single cancer versus multi-cancer or different technological approaches. And certainly, we have a number
of customers including Thrive, Exact, but also Freenome and Guardant and other liquid biopsy players like
Foundation Medicine that we expect to play a role in this market going forward. And we will continue to
support all of those customers going forward.

What attracted us to GRAIL was its unique position in that market in terms of being the closest to having
a commercial test, and in terms of having the performance characteristics consistent with being closest to
having a commercial test. So GRAIL is looking to launch its test next year and that will likely make them
the first player into the market. They've also undertaken, by far, some of the largest clinical studies in
that space. And so they have over 100,000 people enrolled in the studies that they've done and generated
quite a remarkable bolus of data associated with their test. And then the performance characteristics
of their tests are very strong. So for the 12 deadliest cancers, they have a sensitivity in the high-60s
percent, with a false positive rate of less than 1%, which really does represent a best-in-class product at
this time in the market.

What we also like, too, is that they're the only player at this point that has FDA approval in terms of being
able to run an IDE study to return results to patients. And so they are working with some of the premier
health care systems, including the Mayo Clinic, Cleveland, Oregon Health System, the Intermountain
Health system, Dana-Farber, Sutter Health, and so they already have their gallery test in the hands of
doctors returning results to patients as part of this study. And so having that FDA approval was also very
attractive. All of that obviously factored into the price associated with GRAIL.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Dan Arias with Stifel.

Daniel Anthony Arias
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Francis, on the All of Us samples that should begin to flow this quarter, is there a material consumables
assumption that's built into that work for 4Q? And assuming that things do get going there, are you
thinking that, that should be all sequencing? Or might there be some genotyping that makes it into the
mix there?

And then if I could ask a quick follow-on. It sounds like you're thinking modest growth in China is in the
picture for 4Q. Did you say year-over-year, that would be a sequential step-up there that we haven't seen
in a while? So what's driving the confidence in the move, I guess, back up to the mid $90 million range?

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Let's start with All of Us. So for All of Us, we do expect the All of Us samples to start flowing to
partner genome centers in Q4 and to start to see both sequencing and genotyping activity. From our
perspective, the actual revenue contribution in Q4 we're expecting is modest, but it's a very important
step because it then sets us up well for All of Us to ramp up more meaningfully going into next year. And
so it means that the [ actual ] process has been set up, the workflow has been set up and the machine
is going, if you like. And so again, modest contribution in Q4, but that's a big step and sets us up, we
believe, well going into next year. And then, Sam, maybe you can talk about China?

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

Yes. So Dan, thanks for the question, first of all. With regards to China, we're expecting, I would say,
flattish year-over-year performance in Q4. So we said on the prepared remarks, for China and APJ, flat to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

slightly increasing. So for China, specifically, it's flattish performance year-over-year. In fact, China, the
clinical performance has been strong year-to-date and growing year-over-year.

Research, as we've talked about on previous calls, has been impacted definitely by the pandemic,
repurposing some of the work towards PCR testing and just the general impact of that on research. But
we're pleased with the clinical performance that we've had in China. Q3 had strong instrument placements
as well in China, which bodes well for future activity. And so pleased with the clinical performance there for
sure and that's what gives us confidence.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Tejas Savant with Morgan Stanley.

Tejas Rajeev Savant
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So a couple of questions for you, Francis and Sam. So on the sequencing consumables line, you had some
destocking in the second quarter. Did some sort of a restocking dynamic here play into that 29% quarter-
over-quarter growth at all? And then in oncology, how are you thinking about sort of a bolus here in the
fourth quarter and in the first half of '21 as the missed screenings come back online?

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

Yes. Thanks, Tejas. With regards to stocking levels and restocking, yes, in Q2, we had some customers
that destocked, specifically in AMR. So that was an impact on our performance in Q2. We have not seen
from our data that there's been an increase in inventories or restocking back in Q3. So essentially, we've
seen, and we've really looked at this with a lot of our customers, we've seen that customers are really
purchasing to the demand that they have but have not restocked back some of the destocking that
occurred in Q2, nor are we expecting in Q4 that there is restocking either, that they're going to continue.
Based on the activity levels that we track and triangulating that back with revenues, we can see that
essentially, they're buying to their demand.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

If you look at oncology, I mean, I think you bring up a really important point. I think one of the tragedies
associated with the pandemic is that there are people who frankly aren't going in to get screened for
cancer. And so they're walking out with cancer developing. I think there are sort of 2 dynamics that will
play out. One is there will be, at some point, to catch-up, right? Unfortunately, for those individuals, it
means that cancer has progressed. But whether that plays out in Q4 or next year, there will be a catch-up
associated with people who haven't had their diagnosis yet.

In addition, the other dynamic that's playing out is we're seeing that blood-based tests are actually doing
better through the course of the pandemic. So if we look at how the market is playing out, the service
providers that offer blood-based tests have a proof that their business is more resilient through the
pandemic than the service providers that do tissue-based analysis.

And so I think one of the things that's playing out through the course of the pandemic is you're starting
to see an acceleration of blood as a sample type for cancer testing. So you're seeing an acceleration in
the growth of liquid biopsies, which we think is a durable dynamic, and it's not just as a result of the
pandemic, but we think that will continue to play out in the coming years.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

I guess 2 quick ones. One, maybe I misheard this, but the GRAIL deal closed, is that a second half of next
year? And I'm curious how we should be thinking about investments here. And then when you think about
the system placements here, given this razor blade model, maybe perhaps elaborate on how the lower
systems this year should play out next year? I do realize the comps for consumables are easier. Should
that offset the system declines for this year? I'm curious.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So let me please touch on both and then Sam can add some color. If we -- so on GRAIL, yes, we are
expecting the deal to close in the second half of 2021 as we go through the regulatory process. We've
talked a little bit about the dilution associated with GRAIL. But frankly, we'll have more information for you
as the deal closes. And again, that's the second half of 2021.

In terms of the instrument placements, we -- obviously, you're right, it is a razor blade model. And that's
why it's important -- and that's why we're so encouraged by the recovery we're seeing in instruments
placements after we got out of Q1. And so the strength in NovaSeq placements through Q2, Q3, and
certainly, the pipeline as we walk into Q4, is very important.

Similarly, the strength that we're seeing in the mid-throughput part of the portfolio, specifically, NextSeq,
both the new NextSeq 2000 as well as the 500 and the Dx boxes are a good sign for us as we look going
into next year.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Catherine Schulte with Baird.

Catherine Walden Ramsey Schulte
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

A 2-parter on the GRAIL studies. What's the timing next year in terms of when we can expect to see
data from PATHFINDER? And do you expect any performance degradation as you move into an all-comer
screening population for that study? And then second, for the STRIVE Study, I believe GRAIL completed
enrollment in late 2018 and was following patients for 30 months. So is that something where we could
see a readout at some point next year? Or is it likely into 2022?

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So let me talk about the GRAIL studies. The -- the answer is we don't expect the PATHFINDER study
to provide substantially different performance data than we have seen so far. And the reason for that
is that GRAIL has done a number of other large-scale studies. So the CCGA study had 15,000 people
enrolled in the study. The second phase of that study was a prospective study, an all-comer study. And
so given the size of the studies they've done, with the same test, the performance that they've published
externally is based on statistically significant data. And so we didn't expect the PATHFINDER data to reveal
anything different. And in fact, before we signed the deal, we had a small group of people look at some of
the early results -- of the midterm results associated with PATHFINDER. And while we won't talk broadly
about it, they're generally consistent with what we expected. And so we don't expect, when the final study
results get published next year, them to be significantly different from the performance characteristics that
you've seen so far. What was the second part of that question?

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

With STRIVE, Francis.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Yes. So STRIVE is a prospective study. It's 100,000 women, and it's fully enrolled about 18 months
ago. So it's, again, pretty far down its path. And again, similarly, given the size of the studies that have
gone before, we expect this to be further validation in terms of the performance characteristics and not
significantly different.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly with Citi.

Patrick Bernard Donnelly
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Great. Maybe just one on the POPSEQ side, it's encouraging to see some of those bigger projects gaining
momentum to get flowing here in the near term. Obviously, the time lines have slipped a few times now.
I guess can you just talk through your confidence on these taking off on time, I guess, with the new
4Q time lines, particularly all of us? And are the trajectories similar to kind of what you've talked about
before, All of Us, I think, for example, at the beginning of the year, you kind of talked about 60,000 whole
genomes in the first 6 months. Are we still thinking that the trajectories are the same once that do get
launched?

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Yes. It's a good question. And as we look at where we are with those population studies now, I'll touch on
sort of the 4 big ones, right? So it's the UK Biobank, the Million Veterans, All of Us and the U.K. NHS. And
where we are now is that, walking into next year, the majority of them have already been stood up, and
it's a matter of just either getting back to where they were, which is, for example, the UK Biobank, or just
ramping up volumes of samples. That's a much better place to be than we were last year, for example,
where all of us still had to get FDA approval and then work out the workflows to get the samples flowing to
its partner genome centers.

And so if I look at all of them, the UK Biobank, it actually -- they entered the year sequencing at high
capacity. They pulled back in March because of the pandemic, and they're starting to ramp back up going
into next year. And so assuming conditions are good, we have high confidence in their ability to ramp up
quickly.

We talked about the fact that the Million Veteran Program has been remarkably resilient over the course of
the year, and in fact, has increased its scope over the course of this year.

All of Us, we see samples will start flowing in Q4. And so really, it is all about just scaling up next year,
which is a pretty good place to be in terms of actually getting it going.

And then the U.K. NHS, for this year, has been on hold primarily as the NHS has been dealing with the
pandemic testing that they're doing. But they are expected also to start sequencing later this quarter. And
so that puts us, we believe, in a good position to start to see the scale-up going into next year.

So across all 4, we feel really good that as we end this year, all of them will be in a position where they
are processing samples and ready to scale up and deal with the pent-up demand that they've had.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard with Wells Fargo.

Daniel Louis Leonard
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just a couple on the expense side. One, can you elaborate on what's happening on the gross margin line,
both the driver of the sequential downtick and the further downtick expected in the fourth quarter? And
then secondly, can you talk about -- does the anticipation of the GRAIL acquisition philosophically change
any of your thinking around base Illumina budgeting as you roll into 2021?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

Yes. Thanks, Dan, for the question. So with regards to gross margin, first of all, the downtick from Q2
to Q3 was really expected for our expectations. So gross margin came in at slightly better than our
expectations. And that was driven by some additional -- we had some additional freight expenses, some
additional compensation expenses in our operations organization and also some of the ramp on the
projects as well had some additional impact on gross margin or cost. So that's our expectations.

The Q4 downtick sequentially versus Q3 is really mostly driven by mix. And the fact that we have an
instrument quarter that's strong, that outweighed some of the benefit from the consumables, mix is
impacted negatively by that.

With regards to the expectations for '21, really, when we think about the core business and Illumina, there
is really not a material change in terms of our budget philosophy and approach. We are absolutely focused
on continuing to invest in the core business and also generating the shareholder returns that we were
committed to in the core business to continue to drive towards that over time. But at the same time, we
have a really compelling opportunity with GRAIL, and we're going to continue -- we're going to invest
behind that opportunity. It's going to be dilutive in the next few years. But we're committed. So not a
major change in terms of our budgeting philosophy for '21 on the core business.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of David Westenberg with Guggenheim Securities.

David Michael Westenberg
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

So we appreciate kind of your long-term expectations of double-digit growth in consumables -- sequencing
consumables. Can you quantify how much of that is clinical and specifically oncology as a component
of growth? And then as kind of a follow-up to that, can you quantify or maybe even just qualify the
opportunity of moving from panels -- to panels from hotspot testing in terms of just growth there?

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Yes, sure, David. So maybe I'll -- I'll start with [ single ]. As we entered this year, we talked about the fact
that the clinical business represents just under half of our sequencing consumables. But we also talked
about the fact that, that part of our business is growing significantly faster than the research side of our
business. And so you should expect those lines to cross. And once they cross, they aren't going back.
That sequencing consumables from the clinical business is going to be the majority of our sequencing
consumables, both in dollars and in growth going forward.

Of those sequencing consumables from the clinic, oncology testing for therapy selection represents the
biggest part of that market. And so we haven't -- you should expect that to continue going forward. We
haven't given long-term numbers there, but you should expect that to continue to be the biggest part of
the sequencing of tools in the clinic going forward.

We do expect, for a number of reasons, to continue to see the migration from hotspots to larger panels.
And frankly, from not just us, but the smaller panels to larger panels, too. And that's driven by a number
of things, including the increasing use of TMB as a biomarker for therapies. And so if you look at what
happened with Keytruda, for example, in the last few months, that continues to add momentum to say
it's not enough just to look at gene hotspots to prescribe a therapy, but you need to look at things like
TMB. And that will require the use of larger panels. And so you pick that, you take the fact that you're
seeing -- and I talked about ESMO, for example, you're seeing momentum in guidelines to use biomarkers
like TMB, and all of that will continue to drive momentum to the larger panels, which will then drive more
sequencing and we'll make oncology testing grow even faster and therefore, be a bigger component of the
sequencing consumable revenue going forward.

Operator
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Your next question comes from the line of Dan Brennan with UBS.

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. Francis, could you just give us a sense of the upgrade opportunity that still remains ahead of you
for your smaller customers that are on the HiSeq? I guess we haven't gotten an update in a while, and
particularly in light of the price cuts and the comments this quarter about the strong demand elasticity
that you saw. So any color regarding the size of that opportunity? Maybe what the early traction look like
this quarter? And kind of how do you think that upgrade opportunity evolve as we look out?

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So maybe I'll start with sort of a qualitative view and maybe we can work our way through that. So
when we talked about sort of the multiyear upgrade opportunity for NovaSeqs, there is this next segment
that we're activating starting with the version 1.5 reagents, which is the smaller core labs. They are the
ones that are still primarily still using the HiSeqs. And frankly, they haven't had the volume to justify the
upgrade because you need volume to see the benefits associated with the consumables' drop in cost. So
1.5 now changes the economics for them, and that's the segment of the customer base that we're looking
to activate. So in a while, in terms of the number of instruments there, maybe I'll turn it over to you,
Sam, to give us some color on that.

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

Yes. Maybe the color I'll give, Dan, and thanks for the question is, as we think about the NovaSeq
placements, I know we used to give more specificity around this when we first launched NovaSeq and the
number of HiSeq customers that we still expect to take on NovaSeq but we haven't provided that for some
time. But the metric I will give you is for NovaSeq placements year-to-date, we're still seeing roughly
40%-ish-or-so coming from new-to-Illumina customers. So really a great sign around the democratization
of sequencing that NovaSeq has done. We're seeing about an additional 40%-or-so that's coming from
NovaSeq capacity upgrades, so existing NovaSeq customers that are just upgrading or taking on more
capacity. And then roughly 20% or so from those HiSeq customers that are continuing to transition to
NovaSeq. So that's still going on. We're going to continue to see that. The v1.5 upgrade that we talked
about will also help catalyze that as well, will drive that as well. So still very encouraging and good room
to offset.

Operator

There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn it back over to our presenters for any closing remarks.

Juliet Cunningham
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available on our website in the Investor Relations
section as well as through the dial-in instructions contained in today's earnings release. Thank you for
joining the call today. This concludes our call and we look forward to updating you on our progress in the
fourth quarter.

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

