Illumina, Inc. NasdaqGS:ILMN
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, January 29, 2020 10:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.58

1.70

7.59

1.58

6.46

6.57

1.70

7.02

950.16

953.00

0.30

919.57

3528.60

3543.00

0.41

3919.59

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-27-2020 9:38 AM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.35

1.34

1.41

1.58

1.60

1.35

1.93

1.70

18.52 %

0.75 %

36.88 %

7.59 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Jacquie Ross
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

ANALYSTS

Daniel Anthony Arias
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Daniel Louis Leonard
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Derik De Bruin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Doug Schenkel
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Jack Meehan
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Patrick Bernard Donnelly
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Puneet Souda
SVB Leerink LLC, Research
Division

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

Tycho W. Peterson
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

William Robert Quirk
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2019 Illumina Earnings Conference.
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded.

I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Jacquie Ross, Illumina, Investor
Relations.

Jacquie Ross
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our earnings call for the 2019 fourth quarter and full year.
During the call today, we will review the financial results released after the close of the market and also
commentary on our commercial activity, after which we will host a question-and-answer session. If you
have not had a chance to review the earnings release, it can be found in the Investor Relations section of
our website at illumina.com.

Participating for Illumina today will be Francis deSouza, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Sam
Samad, Chief Financial Officer. Francis will provide a brief update on the state of our business, and Sam
will review our financial results.

This call is being recorded, and the audio portion will be archived in the Investors section of our website.
It is our intent that all forward-looking statements regarding our financial results and commercial activity
made during today's call will be protected under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual events or results may differ
materially from those projected or discussed. All forward-looking statements are based upon current
available information, and Illumina assumes no obligation to update these statements. To better
understand the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, we refer you to the
documents that Illumina files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Illumina's most
recent forms 10-Q and 10-K.

With that, I will now turn the call over to Francis.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Jacquie. Good afternoon, everyone. Illumina had a solid end to 2019, with fourth quarter
revenue of $953 million, up 10% from the fourth quarter of 2018. Highlights included 22% year-over-year
sequencing consumable growth and stronger-than-expected IVD partnership and non-DTC array revenue.
This more than offset softer sequencing system revenue and weaker-than-expected DTC revenue.
While some variation of mix should always be expected in our dynamic industry, we are pleased to have
delivered higher-than-expected revenue in the fourth quarter.

For 2019, we delivered revenue of $3.5 billion, up 6% and in line with the guidance we set in July of
last year. We shipped more than 2,400 sequencing systems, the most in Illumina's history. We achieved
our 2019 NovaSeq goal with approximately 320 shipments, slightly higher than 2018. Total sequencing
consumable revenue grew 14% and surpassed $2 billion for the first time, including more than $1 billion
of high throughput sequencing consumables. And total data generated by Illumina sequencers increased
50%, highlighting the rapidly growing demand for genomic information.

Back to the fourth quarter, NovaSeq consumable pull-through was at its highest level of the year and
indeed, the highest since the platform was launched, driven in part by the U.K. Biobank, which is now
operating at scale. We shipped more than 100 NovaSeq systems in the fourth quarter. As we expected,
this was more than twice the number we shipped in the first quarter of 2019. NovaSeq pull-through per

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

system for 2019 was approximately $1.2 million, and looking forward, we are targeting a pull-through
range of $1.1 million to $1.2 million per NovaSeq system in 2020.

As we enter NovaSeq's fourth year, HiSeq consumables continued to decline as expected, and were below
$100 million in the fourth quarter for the first time since NovaSeq launch. At the end of the year, we
completed a review of our HiSeq customer list, indicating an active HiSeq installed base of approximately
1,300. This review identified approximately 600 currently inactive HiSeq systems that had previously
been included in our installed base. Outside of this review, there were approximately 200 decommissions
reported to Illumina in 2019.

Moving to mid-throughput. NextSeq delivered a record number of shipments in 2019, and now has a
global installed base of about 3,600. Fourth quarter NextSeq shipments were lower than expected due
to customer timing. Demand for NextSeqDx continues to grow and represented almost 1/4 of 2019
shipments, up from approximately 10% last year. It was a record quarter for NextSeq sequencing
consumable revenue, driven once again by oncology and NIPT. NextSeq pull-through per system improved
from last quarter and was at the lower end of the $130,000 to $160,000 target range. With the launch of
our new NextSeq 1000 and NextSeq 2000 systems, we will update our target pull-through range when we
have a sizable installed base of the new systems. We expect to ship approximately 500 NextSeq 1000s
and 2000s this year. While most NextSeq 550 prospects will transition to the new systems, we expect the
NextSeqDx pipeline to remain strong, given the unique positioning of our regulatory approved system.
We're looking forward to shipping the first NextSeq 2000s later this quarter, and I'm very pleased to
announce that we have already received our first orders.

Moving to low-throughput. System revenue was below our expectations in the fourth quarter, primarily
due to MiniSeq. Demand for MiSeqDx continues to exceed our expectations, with particular strength
in China, where the system was cleared by the China NMPA in August of 2018. Earlier this month, the
MiSeqDx was approved by the PMDA in Japan, which we expect to contribute to placements in 2020.

Turning to low-throughput consumables. It was a record revenue quarter. MiSeq consumable pull-through
grew closer to our target range of $40,000 to $45,000, and MiniSeq pull-through was at the low end of the
$20,000 to $25,000 range.

Back to sequencing consumables. Total revenue of $2.1 billion grew 14% or over $250 million in 2019.
Just over 40% of our sequencing consumable shipments were for clinical, which includes testing for
oncology, reproductive health and genetic disease and other. In total, clinical sequencing consumables
grew about 20% or approximately $130 million in 2019 to approximately $830 million. Oncology continues
to represent about 20% of total sequencing consumables, and grew faster than total clinical consumables
in 2019 due to increased adoption of panels, including comprehensive genomic profiling. As more tests
like FoundationOne CDx and Guardant360 received coverage at companion diagnostics, demand for
Illumina sequencing continues to grow. Additionally, clinical trials, like Guardant's LUNAR, drive increased
sequencing consumable utilization in oncology testing. Reproductive health once again represented a
little more than 10% of sequencing consumables, primarily reflecting continued growth in NIPT due to
broader coverage in EMEA, where our VeriSeq NIPT solution had 80% sample volume growth, and growing
adoption in China. Reproductive health continues to grow in the U.S. at a more modest rate compared to
EMEA and China.

Finally, within clinical, almost 10% of our sequencing consumable revenue is related to genetic disease
testing, which grew slightly below the clinical average. Growth is driven by companies like CENTOGENE,
which has built a genomic repository of over 450,000 patients from over 125 countries, and is working
to help diagnose patients' genetic disease and collaborating with pharma partners to find cures. It also
includes a portion of revenue from genetic testing companies like AMRI, who offer tests tailored to our
genetic disease diagnosis, among other clinical tests.

Turning to research and applied. Shipments of over $1.2 billion represented just under 60% of our
sequencing consumable shipments. As a group, research grew over 10% in 2019, driven by genetic
disease and cancer. Genetic disease research includes population genomics initiatives, such as the U.K.
Biobank and Million Veterans Program. Cancer Research was also a strong contributor to growth, and
includes projects like the cloud initiative at St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. The St. Jude team

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

is building a database to access whole genomes of 10,000 pediatric patients and survivors, helping
researchers to gain valuable insights into the genetic causes of pediatric cancer.

Other research categories include cell and molecular biology research, microbiology and infectious disease
testing. This includes projects like J-GRID, the Japan Initiative for Global Research Network on Infectious
Diseases, which is a collaboration between 9 countries in Asia and Africa, and utilizes Illumina sequencing
to research microbial diseases.

Moving to sequencing services and other. Revenue of $124 million was up 19% from the same quarter a
year ago, largely driven by upfront revenue from the Roche deal, partially offset by GeL, which declined
as expected to almost 0 in the fourth quarter of 2019, ahead of the clinical ramp-up later this year.
And finally, arrays delivered revenue of $116 million, down 12% from the same quarter in 2018 due to
continued headwinds from our direct-to-consumer customers, offset in part by array growth in genetic
disease research.

Before I hand the call over to Sam, I'd like to comment on the novel coronavirus outbreak. Our immediate
focus has been our colleagues in China, and our thoughts are with the families and communities impacted.
Over the last few weeks, Illumina has been engaged in a number of ways to help manage the coronavirus
outbreak. Scientists have already used Illumina sequencers to identify and publish the genomic profile
of the coronavirus into the public databases, which is a critical first step to enable the development of
diagnostic tests and ultimately, potential vaccine. Our team is actively working with Chinese CDC labs
to prepare coronavirus NGS testing protocols and provide the necessary training. We're also working
with our supply chain team to ensure that systems and consumables are delivered to labs, working with
novel coronavirus as quickly as possible. We plan to share these NGS testing protocols with customers
to support the global infectious disease community as it mobilizes to address this threat. Further, we're
exploring philanthropic programs and collaborations to ensure novel coronavirus sequencing is available by
providing sequencing and consumables to those who need it to fight this epidemic.

With that, I'll hand the call over to Sam.

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

Thanks, Francis. As discussed, fourth quarter revenue grew 10% year-over-year to $953 million, driven
by 14% growth in sequencing, offset by a 12% decline in microarray. Total sequencing revenue of $837
million grew 14% from the fourth quarter of 2018, and represented 88% of total revenue compared to
85% in the same quarter last year. Sequencing consumable revenue of $572 million grew 22% or over
$100 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2018, while sequencing system revenue was down slightly
sequentially and down 12% compared to last year.

With regards to sequencing systems, we are reviewing installed base counts to proactively identify
the active systems. We have completed the work for HiSeq and are now reviewing NextSeq, MiSeq
and MiniSeq. We will revise those installed bases in the next quarter or 2 as we complete the analysis.
Importantly, this does not change the reported revenue in any way. However, we do expect system counts
to decrease, while the pull-through per system will, therefore, increase.

Sequencing service and other revenue of $124 million was down $14 million sequentially due to lower
IVD licensing and milestone revenue and lower GeL volumes in the fourth quarter, but up 19% year-over-
year. Fourth quarter results included an upfront payment associated with the recently announced Roche
partnership.

Arrays represented 12% of total revenue in the fourth quarter compared to 15% in the fourth quarter
of 2018 and to 16% in the fourth quarter of 2017. Array systems were up $2 million sequentially but
down $5 million from a particularly strong fourth quarter of 2018. Array consumables grew $18 million
sequentially due to DTC seasonality, with one customer ramping ahead of the holiday season, but were
modestly down from the same quarter last year. Array services were down $6 million sequentially and
down $8 million or 32% year-over-year due to lower demand from our DTC customer.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Moving to regional results. Americas revenue grew 5% versus the prior year quarter, with growth in
sequencing consumables and IVD partnership revenue partially offset by DTC headwinds. EMEA delivered
a record revenue quarter with 19% growth from the prior year quarter, including a strong contribution
from the U.K. Biobank, which is now sequencing in full production mode. Greater China grew 21% from
prior year quarter, with an easy year-over-year comp associated with tariff-related stocking in China in the
fourth quarter of 2018. The region grew 2% in 2019, with slower research offsetting very strong growth in
clinical. Finally, APJ revenue of $73 million was up 4% from the fourth quarter of 2018, driven by genetic
disease research and microbiology driving sequencing consumable growth, both sequentially and year-
over-year. For the full year, the region grew 6%.

Moving to gross margin and operating expenses. I will highlight non-GAAP results that include stock-based
compensation. I encourage you to review the GAAP reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures, which
can be found in today's release and the supplementary data available on our website. Please note that all
subsequent references to net income and earnings per share refer to the results attributable to Illumina
shareholders. Non-GAAP gross margin of 70.2% was roughly in line with expectations, and decreased
approximately 230 basis points compared to the third quarter, with lower IVD licensing and development
revenue, in addition to variances in production and lab service absorption, partially offset by product mix.
Year-over-year, fourth quarter non-GAAP gross margin increased over 100 basis points primarily due to
product mix and higher IVD licensing and development revenue, partially offset by lower DTC service
volumes. Non-GAAP operating expenses of $372 million were up $42 million from the third quarter of
2019, largely reflecting the timing of OpEx spend weighted towards the end of the year, and were better
than expected. Non-GAAP operating margin was therefore 31%, down from 36.1% last quarter. The non-
GAAP tax rate of 18.5% was up from last quarter and higher-than-expected due to income mix in various
tax jurisdictions. For the fourth quarter of 2019, GAAP net income was $239 million or $1.61 per diluted
share, and non-GAAP net income was $252 million or $1.70 per diluted share.

Moving to cash flow and balance sheet items. Cash flow from operations was $443 million, helped in part
by a $58 million sequential decline in inventory. This is part of an initiative led by our operations and
supply chain organizations to optimize our working capital. DSO was 55 days compared to 54 days last
quarter. Fourth quarter capital expenditures were $57 million, and free cash flow was $386 million. And we
repurchased $63 million of stock in the fourth quarter, leaving $226 million available for share repurchases
under our current plan. We ended the year with approximately $3.4 billion in cash, cash equivalents and
short-term investments. Our weighted average diluted share count for the quarter was 148 million.

Moving to guidance. We expect full year 2020 revenue to grow in the range of 9% to 11% or $3.86 billion
to $3.93 billion, representing an increase of approximately $354 million at the midpoint. Given the new
system launch and ongoing weakness in DTC, we are expecting revenue linearity to be similar to 2017,
which suggests just below 22% of revenue in Q1, approximately 24% in Q2, approximately 26% in Q3,
and approximately 28% in Q4. For the full year 2020, and at the midpoint of our revenue guidance range,
we expect sequencing revenue to grow approximately 14%. This includes sequencing consumable growth
around 17%, and we expect sequencing system revenue to grow year-over-year, reflecting our NextSeq
2000 and 1000 launch, more than offsetting the expected step-down in NovaSeq shipments. And we
also expect sequencing service and other to be roughly flat year-over-year. We expect array revenue to
be down approximately 15%, reflecting ongoing weakness in DTC. Note that DTC revenue represented
approximately 50% of total array revenue in 2018, and decreased to about 40% in 2019. For 2020, we
expect DTC to represent approximately 30%. From a regional perspective, we expect China to grow in the
high teens, driven by clinical sequencing. We expect full year non-GAAP gross margin to be roughly in line
with 2019. We expect operating margin to be approximately 30%, and we expect the 2020 tax rate to be
higher than full year 2019 due to a number of onetime discrete tax benefits in 2019 that are not expected
to repeat in 2020. We, therefore, expect GAAP earnings per share in the range of $6.45 to $6.65 and non-
GAAP earnings per share in the range of $6.80 to $7. And we expect diluted shares outstanding in 2020 to
be about flat compared to Q4 2019. Note that following the termination of the Pacific Biosciences merger
agreement earlier this month, Illumina paid a $98 million reverse termination fee to PacBio. Additionally,
Illumina will pay $34 million in continuation advances that may be repayable to Illumina if PacBio enters
a change of control agreements or raises at least $100 million within a given time frame. The impact of
these payments is not reflected in our EPS guidance, pending the valuation of these amounts this quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Moving to the first quarter of 2020. We expect total revenue to be between $850 million and $855 million,
as customers consider and adjust their plans following our NextSeq 2000 launch. Non-GAAP operating
expenses are expected to increase approximately 600 basis points as a percentage of revenue on a
sequential basis, primarily due to our bonus accrual reset at the start of the year. And we expect the first
quarter non-GAAP EPS to be between $1.20 and $1.25 and GAAP EPS to be $1.11 to $1.16.

With that, I'll hand the call back over to Francis.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Sam. We're off to a strong start in 2020. The U.K. Biobank is sequencing at scale, and we
are contracted with GeL to provide sequencing services starting in the middle of the year, significantly
strengthening our PopGen visibility relative to where we were a year ago. We launched our most
innovative system to date with the NextSeq 1000 and 2000. The system offers the highest cluster density
flow cell of any NGS system, driving down the cost per gigabase for mid-throughput users. And we
succeeded in our ambitious target to fully integrate the hardware accelerated best-in-class pipeline that
we acquired at Edico just 18 months ago. We're excited about our 2-site software suite, a potentially
transformative solution that simplifies genetic disease diagnosis and reduces barriers to adoption. I look
forward to sharing updates on it after launch.

We continue to extend our clinical portfolio at both TSO 500 and 2-site NIPT are progressing through
regulatory. And we're expanding our capabilities through partnerships with the world's leading clinical
companies, including Qiagen, Roche and Adaptive, to deliver the most compelling IVD menu available on
our clinical-grade sequencing system. As our customers discover more biological insights by sequencing
at greater depths and volumes across new and emerging applications, the growing clinical utility of
genomic information is becoming increasingly clear. This, coupled with growing community awareness and
physician adoption, will enable more patients to benefit from the promise of genomics.
With that, I'll invite the operator to start the Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.

Tycho W. Peterson
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I'll try to ask just a couple of quick ones upfront. On the fourth quarter, can you quantify the Roche
milestone? It looks like the partnership fees stepped up $15 million to $20 million. So was that all Roche in
the fourth quarter? And then

Looking ahead on instruments, coming off 4Q where you were light on instrument revenues. Are you
doing anything different in terms of NovaSeq pricing to try to catalyze the remainder of the HiSeq upgrade
cycle? It looked like NovaSeq ASPs did decline a bit in the fourth quarter. So that's the first question.

And then on NextSeq. Just curious, as you think about that, is it an upgrade cycle to the installed base or
market expansion as those 2 new systems get rolled out into the market?

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

Yes. Thanks, Tycho. So this is Sam. On the Roche milestone, we didn't quantify that. It did come in
better than expected. So the sequencing and other line came in better than expected in Q4. I would say
approximately $20 million or so better than expected in terms of sequencing and other. But we didn't
quantify exactly how much of that was Roche. You can think about it as IVD revenues that we had in Q4
that the majority of which was driven by Roche.

With regards to your second question, so I'll take that one, and then Francis can comment on NextSeq.
With regards to your second question around the ASP on NovaSeq. It's not that we're doing anything
special around reducing the ASP or giving -- or reducing the price or giving any discounts to customers.
What we -- this is natural and driven by multiunit orders that we have across 2019 as well. You can look
at it as the U.K. Biobank, a number of placements that we have with the U.K. Biobank that usually have
a lower ASP. We've had some NovaSeq placements in emerging markets, which also have a lower ASP.
So it's natural dynamics there when you place multiunit orders with some of our customers. But nothing
specific on lowering the price across the board.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Sam. Tycho, in terms of the NextSeq 1000 and 2000 target base that we're going after, we're
really focusing it -- as you pointed out, this to be an upgrade cycle for customers off the NextSeq 550
today. That's where we expect the bulk of the demand to come from for the NextSeq 2000 that launches
this quarter and then the 1000 that launches later in the year. We also expect a smaller bolus of orders to
come from some MiSeq customers. We highlighted a couple of quarters ago that we expect -- that we're
starting to see MiSeq customers that are migrating up and buying bigger instruments. We expect those
customers to be looking at the NextSeq 1000 and 2000. And so that's where we expect the bulk of the
customers to come from. There is a chance that there might be a small number of HiSeq customers that
look at the NextSeq 2000, but that's likely to be a very small number.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Dan Brennan with UBS.

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

So I just wanted to get a little more color on kind of NovaSeq's -- the cycle center you're talking about,
placements being down in 2020. Can you give us some help on how much of the installed base you expect
to kind of have upgraded by the end of the year and kind of any more color on the level of it being down?
And then, secondly, just related to HiSeq consumables. Since you are kind of giving more granularity
there, what's kind of baked in within your consumable guidance for HiSeq consumables in 2020?

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

All right. So if we look at the NovaSeq upgrade cycle, so here's how the numbers are playing out. We
believe that under half of the HiSeq/HiSeq X customer base has started the NovaSeq transition, and so
we still have over half of that installed base to go. That's going to play out between now and 2024 when
we end-of-life the HiSeqs. And so that's the numbers we expect to happen. In terms of the number of
NovaSeqs, last year was a very strong year in terms of NovaSeq placements, which is something we're
really excited about, especially given that it's the third year of the NovaSeq upgrade cycle. We expect that
number to come down this year quite naturally, and we expect that to play out similarly over the next
couple of years.

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

And with regard to HiSeq, Dan, we -- we're not giving specific information on the level of consumables
or what to expect, even in terms of pull-through. We've backed away from giving pull-through ranges
on HiSeq and total consumables. What we've mentioned for Q4, as you heard on the prepared remarks,
was that consumables for HiSeq were less than $100 million in the quarter. They continue to come down.
Obviously, the expectation, I think, intuitively, as you would expect in 2020, that HiSeq consumables will
continue to come down. So -- but we haven't given specifics on what that dollar number is.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Wolfe Research.

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

I want to ask one on China and one on the NextSeq launch. As it relates to China, I appreciate that you've
given a view, dating back to a few weeks ago, that there's an expectation for some recovery of growth in
China. I wonder if you could speak to the balance of what you're seeing there between funding dynamics
and -- as opposed to maybe just easier comps. And then, of course, the broader question that we have
now around the environment, given the viral outbreak, to what extent that is or is not a factor that one
considers. And then, secondarily, now that we're a few weeks into, and I appreciate that's still early,
the NextSeq launch, how are your higher throughput customers, who might also be NovaSeq buyers or
owners, how are they thinking about using the system? Is it fair to say that we're comfortable with the
trajectory on NovaSeq orders being largely unimpacted by the NextSeq, given that's a pretty attractive
price per G dynamics on the P3 flow cell?

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So thanks, Steve. I'll start with the China question, and then I'll get to the NextSeq question. In
terms of China and what we're looking for, we saw good growth from China in Q4. A little of it was based
on a friendly year-on-year comp, but we are seeing -- but we are seeing growth, and we knew that would
be lumpy. In terms of this year, we are expecting, as we said, growth in China. That's going to be primarily
driven from the clinical markets, and more specifically, in oncology, continues to be a very strong area for
us in China, and we expect that to continue to play out this year.

In terms of the coronavirus, I'll say, first and foremost, our thoughts are with the families and
communities that are impacted by the virus and our -- one of our top priorities is to make sure we're
doing everything we can to help in making sure that our teams stay safe. In terms of the financial impact

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

of that, it's too early to call the financial impact either in Q1 or for the year. And as we get more clarity
as this plays out, we'll certainly communicate transparently with investors. As we thought through the
impact, it's possible that, if the epidemic grows and if patients start to avoid going to hospitals, there
could be an impact to NIPT and cancer testing in China. But it's way too early to call that impact. So we're
going to continue to watch that situation. And again, we'll communicate with you what we see. We are
deeply engaged in working on the coronavirus. We have teams working on that around the world with the
Chinese CDC teams as well as CDC teams around the world.

And then in terms of the NextSeq launch and how are our high throughput customers, especially some
of the legacy HiSeq customers thinking about it. So as I said, we really expect the NextSeq 1000 and
2000 to appeal to existing NextSeq customers, that's going to be the bolus of the upgrade cycle. There's
going to be some interest from MiSeq customers that are upgrading, and a little interest from existing high
throughput customers, but not much. The reason for that is if you look at the output of the NovaSeq and
you look at the output of the NextSeq, what we've done is we've tried to cover the ground, but there's
very little overlap. So at the very high end, if you go through the -- if you go with the high output flow
cell of the NextSeq 2000, you can get to an output of 300 gigabases. And at the low end of the NovaSeq
with the Prime Flow Cell, you can get 500 gigabases of output. And so there's a clear gap there. And so
you can -- you self-identify. And most of our high throughput customers, we think, will go with the smaller
flow cell on the NovaSeq, and the NextSeq 2000 and 1000 will continue to appeal to that mid-throughput
customer base.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Bill Quirk with Piper Sandler.

William Robert Quirk
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

So quickly, thinking about the clinical oncology growth over the next couple of years, there's several very
innovative noninvasive screening options as well as recurrence monitoring tests coming online. How should
we think about this business overall trending relative to 2019? Did it possibly inflect back to the -- I think
it was 30%, maybe a year or 2 ago?

And then, separately, on coronavirus, are there any analogous situations to other outbreaks, things like
MERS, for example? And if so, have you studied the impact on what happened, say, in the Middle East
region to your business during that outbreak and taking a look at that relative to coronavirus?

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Great. Thank you, Bill. So I'll first talk about the clinical oncology market, specifically touching on the
potential impacts of the screening opportunity and emerging monitoring opportunities on the growth
rate, and then I will talk about the coronavirus. So in terms of clinical oncology testing, today, the bulk
of the revenue that we get from clinical oncology and the bulk of the growth, frankly, is coming from
customers that are using NGS-based testing, various types of panels for therapy selection. And so that's
sort of the bulk of the revenue that we're seeing in clinical oncology. That's the most penetrated part of
the clinical oncology market. But frankly, it's still at its early stages, it's still about 8% penetrated. As we
look at the other areas in clinical oncology, we see really exciting opportunities and potentially much larger
opportunities coming from monitoring and screening. Both of them are in the very, very, very nascent
stages. Customers like Guardant and GRAIL and Freenome are doing some really exciting work there.
The monitoring opportunity is starting to play out maybe a little bit further along than the screening
opportunity today, where we're seeing the early use of liquid biopsies to monitor the effectiveness of
the therapy, to look for MRD and for recurrence of a cancer. And so there, customers like Guardant are
starting to sell tests into that space. Again, very early stage. We're starting to see revenue from it, and we
think this represents a potential large growth opportunity for us in the future years.

Screening is a little bit earlier, again, super nascent, but hugely exciting. I don't know if you've had a
chance to look at the results that companies like Freenome and GRAIL have been publishing over the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

last few months at ASCO and ESMO, but the GRAIL results, for example, show that they are able to, in
those studies, have very low false positive rates. So their numbers indicate maybe less than 0.5% false
positive rates and high levels of specificity for over 20 different types of cancer. So they're still in the study
stage. They're talking about having a test, maybe end of this year, some time next year. Obviously, that
represents a very meaningful market opportunity in terms of impact on human life and represents a very
big opportunity in terms of revenue for those companies and also for Illumina. But that's something that
will play out not much this year, but in future years.

If you think about coronavirus and how that's playing out, and we looked at how MERS plays out -- played
out and SARS played out. And it's a little bit different because the market is a little bit further ahead in
terms of the state of the art in NGS testing. The way this will play out, we think, is that NGS will play
a number of critical roles in combating this coronavirus outbreak. While we believe first-line testing of
patients will be done with RT-PCR, NGS will be used in a number of specific ways. One, and we've already
seen it play out, where NGS will be used to initially sequence the virus and create the publicly available
reference needed to help develop diagnostics and then, ultimately, cures. So we started to see that play
out already with coronavirus, and we saw that previously with SARS. NGS will also be used to confirm
the strain in patients. It'll be used for detecting novel mutations in the viral genome. We saw that in
other outbreaks, not just MERS and SARS, but we saw that with Ebola. And then also, it will be used
for epidemiological surveillance, which will be very important in terms of tracking this outbreak. And
then, finally, we expect NGS to also be used as last resort testing for patients with inconclusive tests. So
for example, when a patient presents with suspicious symptoms, but the RT-PCR tests are negative for
coronaviruses, and also for other viruses with similar symptoms like influenza, then we expect an NGS test
to be used.

And that's our point of view based on what we've seen with previous outbreaks. As I said earlier, our
teams around the world are currently engaged and have been working, for example, in China with
the CDC teams since December, and we're working with CDC teams around the world now. We're also
engaged with philanthropic organizations in collaborations to make sure that NGS testing is available
globally to monitor this outbreak.

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

And Bill, maybe to emphasize a couple of data points on the clinical business and oncology as well, back
to your initial question. So for 2019, per our comments earlier, our sequencing consumables, in terms of
clinical, grew by approximately 20%. And oncology -- in terms of oncology, sequencing consumables grew
above that, so over 20%. And when we look at also our top customers in oncology, they grew also above
that average, above the oncology average. So just some data points around the oncology and clinical
growth.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.

Derik De Bruin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

A couple of questions. The first one, can you talk a little bit more about the HiSeq decommissions? I'm
just sort of surprised by the number. And just sort of talk about the labs that are not using it, are those
customers now outsourcing more? Or did they buy NextSeq or something else? And that sort of like bleeds
into the next question, which is, surprised to see that the NovaSeq consumable guide for 2020 was about
$1.1 million, $1.2 million per box. So I'm just wondering if your HiSeq customers, and those instruments
are coming down, just surprised why that NovaSeq number isn't higher than it is.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

All right. So thank you, Derik. Let me start with the HiSeq decommissioning number. So that's the result of
a focus we are putting on getting closer to our customers, getting more visibility into how our customers

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

are using the instruments. And so we spent some time really looking through the instruments to see which
instruments are active, which instruments are not active. So that's a new model for us, understanding
what instruments are being used out in the field. So the total number, 800, isn't what got decommissioned
last year. So that's about 200. The total number is sort of a catch-up to say, okay, of all the instruments
we have out in the field, how are they being used? Which ones are being used a lot? Which ones are
being used less? And what we came down to is about 800 that we feel are largely inactive. It doesn't
change anything in terms of the revenue we're getting from HiSeqs or consumables. What it does mean
is that there are fewer active instruments in the field and the ones that our customers are using actually
being utilized more than the previous model had estimated, and that the pull-through per instrument at
those labs is actually higher than the old model had estimated. So those customers aren't doing anything
different. They aren't outsourcing more. They still have both the active and inactive instruments. But when
we looked at it, they were using some instruments more. And so that's the dynamic of how it plays out.

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

In terms of your second question, Derik, with regards to NovaSeq. So yes, our guide for 2020 is $1.1
million to $1.2 million pull-through per instrument. We're very pleased in 2019 with the performance
that we see in terms of the pull-through on NovaSeq. As we mentioned, it was $1.2 million for the year.
It was a record quarter in Q4. Our expectation now in the fourth year of launch in 2020 because as
we start seeing some of those lower throughput customers convert and move over and -- even newer
customers that are using NovaSeq with the S Prime and the S1 flow cell, that you will start to see lower
throughput from those customers impacting the average. That's natural in the fourth year of launch for the
instrument. But that's the driver for the $1.1 million to $1.2 million pull-through guide.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

In addition to -- Sam pointed out some of the smaller customers we expect to come online this year, and
part of the reason for the guide we gave. There will be an offsetting influence happening as you see some
of these large PopGen customers continue to sequence like the U.K. Biobank that's really running -- that's
really running at full force as well as NHS commissioning coming online. And so that will be the offsetting
factor that will play out this year.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Dan Arias with Stifel.

Daniel Anthony Arias
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Apologies for a little bit of a cold here. But Francis, on the NextSeq, can you just talk to the rationale
for the launch of the 1000 unit in the context of just thinking back to the Nova 6000 and 5000? Back
then, it seemed like customers that upgraded really one of the higher capacity options and -- to not
have to wait around to acquire it. So I guess, I'm just -- I'm curious about the way in which you see this
being different. And then maybe relatedly, anything more specific you can say to the P3 Flow Cell launch
later this year in terms of timing? And I'm curious about how much we should expect demand for that
configuration to be captured in 2020.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Sure. And I hope your cold gets better soon. I will answer the -- I'll answer the NextSeq question first.
So why do the 1000 if we expect the majority of customers to buy the 2000, and then I'll talk about P3.
So the strategy of having the higher-end and lower-end instrument is one that we've used many, many
times. So you pointed out with the NovaSeq 5000, 6000; we have the HiSeq 3000, 4000; we have the
HiSeq 2000, 2500. And what this allows our sales teams to do is it allows us to start the conversation with
customers at a lower price point. And some customers do buy the lower instrument. But as you pointed
out, what happens in that conversation is the vast majority of cases may end up buying the higher-priced

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

instrument. And that played out in every one of those instances I talked about going back a decade, right?
So -- but it's important for our reps to be able to have that lower-priced instruments so they can start the
conversation. And that's been the strategy.

In terms of the P3 flow cell. The way we expect this to play out is that the customers for the first couple
of full quarters of NextSeq 2000 are going to be excited about the fact that they can buy a flow cell whose
output is comparable to today's NextSeq. So they can make -- they can compare the new machine on an
equivalent output using equivalent workflows from the old machine to the new machine. But we do expect
that a lot of our NextSeq customers are going to buy the instrument with an eye to their future business
and will be very attracted by the higher output and the economics associated with the P3. In terms of
timing, we said we expect that to come towards the end of the year. Obviously, though, it's public now
and the specs of that flow cell are public now. So it's something that customers know about and are being
planned for.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen.

Doug Schenkel
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

So just a couple of things on NovaSeq. First, just looking back, regarding guidance for consumable pull-
through per box of $1.1 million to $1.2 million for Nova. How does that compare to 2019? And I guess,
is the reduction in HiSeq consumable revenue below $100 million, which is a little bit below where I think
you guys have been tracking in the last few quarters. I'm just wondering if that's indicative of larger
programs on HiSeq Xs being largely completed at this point and some of those large customers with those
projects now increasingly moving over to Novas. So those are the looking back topics I'd like to cover.

And then looking ahead, is the assumption that NovaSeq placements are lower in 2020 versus 2019 a
function of trying to hedge for the potential that there's some Nova cannibalization, a function of reducing
the number of HiSeqs that are out there to replace, so maybe having a little bit more visibility on what the
replacement outlook is a function of being in your -- before the rollout or maybe just a little bit of all of the
above?

And finally, is there anything structural that would prevent you from implementing the blue/green
chemistry on a higher-end platform like NovaSeq or actually on a NovaSeq in the future?

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

Thanks, Doug, for the questions. So I'll start with the first one, and I'll transition to Francis for the second
and third. With regards to NovaSeq, so for the full year 2019, we communicated that pull-through was
$1.2 million per instrument. And going forward, we expect it to be, in 2020, $1.1 million to $1.2 million.
So essentially, the high end of the range is equivalent to what we saw in 2019.

And with regards to your question on HiSeq, I think it's exactly right. As we get deeper into this upgrade
cycle, as we get deeper into the cycle where our customers are transitioning from HiSeq to NovaSeq, as
some of this work transitions over and completes on HiSeq and moves over to the new instrument, you do
expect to see consumables come down on HiSeq, which is what we've indicated is that we expect in 2020
to continue to see HiSeq consumables come down, and obviously, NovaSeq consumables to increase.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

And then, Doug, you asked about a couple of other things. One, in terms of NovaSeq placements, why are
we expecting that to be lower this year given that we've had 2 back-to-back very strong years of NovaSeq
placements? Is it a -- is it being influenced, you asked, by NextSeq and cannibalization there? And then
you asked, is there a structural reason -- or any structural reason why the blue/green chemistry couldn't
in the future be implemented on NovaSeq?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

So in terms of NovaSeq placements, as we looked at this year, the work we see to be done this year in
terms of the NovaSeq upgrade cycle is to really go after the smaller core labs, right? So those -- that's
the upgrade cycle that got activated last year with S Prime, with S1 and then S2's new pricing. And so
as we look at the pipeline this year, we expect it to be a lot more full of the onesie-twosies with the small
core labs. And so that's what we -- that's the dynamic we expect to be playing out in our customer base
and in our sales teams. And so that will result in a total number that's smaller than some of the big multi-
unit purchases you saw last year in Q3, Q4 with customers like the U.K. Biobank, for example. Instead of
doing 10 unit placements, we expect more deals to be 1 to 2 units. And that's, frankly, the biggest driver
in terms of the placement number being down this year compared to last year.

We don't expect much cannibalization between the NextSeq and the NovaSeq. They target very different
price points, both in terms of capital but also in terms of cost per G. And there's no overlap in terms of the
output. And so when you add those 3 variables together, it's very easy for customers to self-select. If you
have the sample volume to allow you to go purchase a NovaSeq, you will always do that because you get
superior economics. And even with the new NextSeq 2000 running the P3 flow cell, you still get superior
economics with the NovaSeq if you have the sample volume. And if you don't have the sample volume,
it'll never [ cost in ] for you to go to NovaSeq. And so there's very little overlap in terms of the segment
they're targeting. So there may be some, but we don't expect much.

And then your question about structural reason why we haven't used the blue/green chemistry in
NovaSeq, but frankly, anywhere. And the answer is, there isn't any. The -- we view that as a core
architectural component in our toolkit now, as we do other elements of things you saw in NovaSeq. For
example, the hardware acceleration toolkit that we built into NextSeq 1000 and 2000 based on the Edico
technology, that's also another core architectural component. And there's no reason why that can't show
up in any of our future instruments, both up and down the portfolio. What will decide whether it does show
up, frankly, is the design point for the next instrument we put out and if we have something better in the
toolkit. And that's always sort of an active debate internally. So at any given point, we'll pick the best
components we have, the design point we're going. But there's absolutely no structural reason, as you
point out, why those components couldn't show up in a future version of a high-throughput instrument to
our lower-throughput instrument.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Puneet Souda with SVB Leerink.

Puneet Souda
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

So my first question is, I was hoping to get a better view into the NHS clinical ramp and the level of
visibility you have there. You made comments around clinical samples ramping in second half of this year.
This is one of the largest projects, if not the largest. And I appreciate that you were expecting 300,000 to
500,000 patient sequence by 2025 target. But how do we bridge that to the 5 million potential genomes
that NHS has laid out earlier? And what should we expect in the second half this year?

And on NextSeq, I completely get your comments around 2000 uptake, [ ArcherDx ] suggesting the same
among economic customers, smaller labs. But I just wanted to understand, in terms of those that have
diagnostic instruments or instruments in diagnostic setting, NextSeqs and MiSeqs, what's your expectation
for those customers to upgrade given the new chemistry, given that these instruments are validated, and
some of them are using NextSeqDx? Any thoughts on NextSeq 2000Dx?

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Sure. Thank you, Puneet. So I got 3 questions. One is give you an update on the NHS ramp and how
that's looking for the back half of the year, and then also comment on how to bridge the fact that we've
talked about 300,000 to 500,000 samples, where you have Secretary Hancock talking about 5 million
genomes being done, so to bridge that. You also asked about NextSeq and that upgrade cycle, especially

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

talking about the Dx instruments and whether the Dx customers for NextSeq will be part of this upgrade
cycle.

So in terms of the NHS, we are happy with how things are progressing, frankly. Since over the last few
months, we've given you the update announced at JPMorgan that we have signed a contract with GeL
to provide the lab testing services, the genomic lab testing services for the NHS. Our teams are deeply
engaged. We hosted a leadership here, here in California, to review plans going forward. So as of now, we
feel very good about how things are tracking in terms of the ramp for the NHS, and we expect to see that
sort of midyear going forward.

The first phase is 300,000 scaling up to 500,000 genomes to be sequenced. And we've done a bottoms-
up analysis with that team on how you get there. And what we've said publicly is that genomic testing is
going to be a standard of care for just over 20 genetic diseases and 4 different types of cancers, starting
in the middle of the year when we ramp up with the NHS. So standard of care for the U.K. population,
55 million, 60 million people. But obviously, there are a lot more than 20 genetic diseases and a lot more
than 4 cancers. And so Secretary Hancock is really driving the NHS to be more ambitious about how we
want to roll this out for the entire U.K. population. Not -- there are not 20 genetic diseases, there are
6,000 genetic diseases, there are awfully a lot more than 4 cancers. And so as you start to do the buildup
of what happens when you expand this across cancer indications and across more genetic diseases as well
as other areas that genomic testing could be helpful for better outcomes at lower cost, that's how you get
to a number like 5 million. That's not yet a committed path with a committed time frame, but that's the
ambition. So that's the NHS ramp.

In terms of NextSeq and the upgrade path, especially around Dx. The way we expect the Dx market to
play out is that, if you are a NextSeqDx customer today, or you are in the pipeline to buy a NextSeqDx, we
expect that you will either keep using the one you have or you will buy a new NextSeqDx. And that, more
likely than not, you won't be purchasing the 2000 or the 1000 right now. And that goes to the point you
made, which is, look, you have validated workflows. In a lot of cases, you may actually have a clear assay
built on our cleared box. And so you'll certainly keep an eye out for when the 1000, 2000 Dx instrument
gets announced and comes to market. But for the foreseeable future, your capacity adds will be Dx boxes,
NextSeqDx boxes. And so we don't expect those customers to be driving the pipeline for NextSeq 1000
and 2000 right now.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly with Citi.

Patrick Bernard Donnelly
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Sam, maybe just on the guidance linearity you talked about, maybe just a bit more color there. 1Q,
obviously, came kind of well below where the Street was only looking for 1% of growth on the revenue
side; EPS, a pretty big year-over-year decline. So can you just talk through that a bit more? And then on
top of that, on the guidance side, just the full year visibility into some of the POPSEQ revenues, timing of
some of those initiatives that have yet to start. Obviously, in 2019, we saw some pushouts. Maybe just
talk to the confidence level in the numbers, particularly that 200,000 from U.K. Biobank. How much can
we see that shift, either upside or downside from that number?

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

Sure. When we think about Q1 -- and thanks for the question, by the way, Patrick. When we think about
the Q1 number, I mean, first of all, as we look across Q1, but also across all of 2020, this is not unlike
other years where we've had instrument launches. So going back to 2017, I know NovaSeq is a different
instrument, but the linearity is very similar to what we saw in 2017. And when we think about Q1, if
you're looking -- if you're comparing versus Q4, obviously, you'll have 2 or 3 big factors that drive the
decline from Q4 into Q1. One is seasonality and the lower instrument placements, specifically NovaSeq in
Q1 versus Q4, seasonality across most of the business across sequencing consumables as well. And then

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

what we also have seen in the past, where Q1 usually is a big step-up because of the DTC business and
some of the processing of samples that come back after the holidays, well, that doesn't exist this year
because we have, obviously, a very -- a much weaker DTC performance for both Q1 and the year.

And then, finally, another key factor is the fact that with the launch of NextSeq 2000, you will have
constrained NextSeq shipments in Q1 because customers are pausing, waiting for the new instrument
to come out. And the new instrument will not be available until late in Q1. So you will have much fewer
NextSeq shipments overall in Q1. So those are the key factors that drive the sequential decline from Q4
into Q1. As we think about the rest of the year, obviously, you will have the NextSeq 2000 launch that
continues to ramp up. You'll have instrument placements for NovaSeq will ramp up across the year. You
will have the population genomics opportunities that we talked about. So the U.K. Biobank has been in
full production mode, and we'll continue to process and continue to process those 200,000 samples that
we talked about across the full year. But then you have also the expectations that we shared at JPMorgan
around All of Us, starting in the middle of the year. The NHS' commissioning with GeL starting in the
middle of the year. So we have, obviously, confidence with the ramp that we expect over the course of
2020. But Q1 is constrained for the reasons that I mentioned. And obviously, the NextSeq 2000 launch
plays a big part of that. But it's not unlike other launch years that we've had before.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard with Wells Fargo.

Daniel Louis Leonard
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just wanted to circle back on those POPSEQ expectations. So Sam or Francis, how comprehensive is that
disclosure? Meaning the 3 programs you flagged, the U.K. Biobank, All of Us and NHS, are those the 3
you've gotten permission to offer some disclosure, and there could be other ones that are material coming
into the fold in 2020? Or are those really the 3 that are going to drive numbers in 2020?

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

Maybe I'll start, and Francis can chime in as well. So this is not about what we have permission to
disclose. This is about we want to make sure we focus on the key PopGen projects, and those 3 are the
key PopGen projects that we talked about last year and we wanted to talk about this year and provide
very specific visibility to them. So U.K. Biobank, which has started, and we'll continue to process all --
across all of 2020; All of Us, which was big talking points in 2019, and we wanted to give clarity as to
when we expect that to start and the number of samples associated with it; and obviously, the NHS
commissioning project, which was also a talking point last year. And now we're pleased to say that we
have this agreement with GeL and the NHS, and that's going to start as well. And the U.K. Biobank has
started, too. There are other population genomics initiatives within our 2020 financials. We will not be
specifically talking about those. Those are part of our business, some of those have started in 2019, some
of them we expect to start in 2020. But we really wanted to focus on the 3 key material ones.

Operator

Your next question comes -- your final question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Barclays.

Jack Meehan
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Just maybe around that. I was hoping -- following the conclusion of the PacBio potential deal, I was just
hoping you could give us an update on Illumina's strategy in long-read sequencing. It seems like Illumina
is going to need to innovate their way into that market. So maybe just, what's the strategy moving
forward? How big of a priority is this in terms of R&D? And can you maybe give us some comfort around
the level of prioritization versus some of the other things you're working on like clinical?

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Yes. Sure. Let me answer that, Jack. So we continue to believe that the long-read market will be an
adjacent market in the overall sequencing market, representing about 5% of the overall sequencing
market. And that for the foreseeable future, the 2 markets will intersect very little, to be honest. The
big markets for us, whether it's oncology, testing or NIPT, don't really need the long-read capability, and
the big markets for long-read, de novo sequencing, new species sequencing, really need that long-read
capability and so shall respond to a suited technology for that market. So we continue to believe that will
be a complementary market to the short-read market, representing about 5% of the overall sequencing
market.

What we were excited about in the PacBio deal was that our engineering teams are fantastic at driving
the price, the cost of a machine down. We have terrific engineering and operations teams and terrific
technologists. And what we wanted to do is try and accelerate that market because we know that there is
a knock-on effect about what's good for that market is good for our market. Because once you sequence
a new species, for example, you do the bulk sequencing in that species on short-read technology. And so
we're going to continue to look for ways to move that market more quickly than it is moving now but it's
a small part of the overall sequencing market. It dwarfs in comparison to the clinical market opportunity,
which is much, much larger than the long-read market opportunity.

So in terms of trade-offs that we would do internally, it's not even close when we think about spending
more to drive the oncology testing market forward, for example, versus the long-range market. Having
said that, we've been public about the fact that we have our own long-read programs that we're working
on internally. We're going to continue to work on those internally. But far and away, the higher priority for
us continues to be the short-read core markets, both the research markets and the clinical markets.

Operator

There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to the presenters.

Jacquie Ross
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available at the webcast in the Investors section
of our website. Thank you for joining us today. This concludes our call, and we look forward to our next
update following the close of the first fiscal quarter.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

