Illumina, Inc. NasdaqGS:ILMN
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 30, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.58

-

Revenue  (mm)

950.16

950.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-30-2020 4:12 AM GMT

1.25

857.19

31.20

0.21

6.46

6.20

3528.60

3669.23

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.35

1.34

1.41

1.58

1.60

1.35

1.93

1.70

18.52 %

0.75 %

36.88 %

7.59 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ILLUMINA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Jacquie Ross
Vice President of IR, Corporate
Communications & Corporate
Social Responsibility

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

ANALYSTS

Daniel Anthony Arias
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Derik De Bruin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Doug Schenkel
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Patrick Bernard Donnelly
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Puneet Souda
SVB Leerink LLC, Research
Division

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

Sung Ji Nam
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Tycho W. Peterson
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2020 Illumina Earnings Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Jacquie Ross, Illumina Investor
Relations.

Jacquie Ross
Vice President of IR, Corporate Communications & Corporate Social Responsibility

Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our 2020 first quarter results. I sincerely hope
that you're keeping well during this time.

During the call today, we will review the financial results released after the close of the market and offer
commentary on our commercial activity, after which we will host a question-and-answer session. If you've
not had a chance to review the earnings release, it can be found in the Investor Relations section of our
website at illumina.com. Participating for Illumina today will be Francis deSouza, President and Chief
Executive Officer; and Sam Samad, Chief Financial Officer. Francis will share an update on our business,
and Sam will review our financial results. Of course, we are hosting our call from a number of different
locations today. So please bear with us if there are any technical challenges or pauses. This call is being
recorded and the audio portion will be archived in the Investors section of our website.

It is our intent that all forward-looking statements regarding our financial results and commercial
activity made during today's call will be protected under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual events or results
may differ materially from those projected or discussed. All forward-looking statements are based upon
current available information and Illumina assumes no obligation to update these statements. To better
understand the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, we refer you to the
documents that Illumina filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Illumina's most
recent Forms 10-Q and 10-K.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Francis.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Jacquie. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I sincerely hope that you and
your loved ones are healthy and safe as we collectively work our way through these challenging times.

As a global citizen and a leader in genomics, Illumina is committed to doing everything we can to support
efforts to combat the COVID-19 pandemic, help patients in public health efforts and accelerate economic
recovery. In the earlier stages of the outbreak, Illumina's technology was used by Dr. Fan Wu and the
team at the Shanghai Public Health Center to sequence the first complete, published viral genome of what
was later named SARS-CoV-2. Since then, teams all over the world have been working with Illumina's
technology to identify strains and monitor mutations in support of surveillance efforts to understand
therapeutic and host response and explore sequence-based diagnostic testing as well as population
screening to support back-to-work programs.

In terms of surveillance, Dr. Trevor Bedford at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle
and Dr. Charles Chu at UCSF are among those monitoring virus transmission and tracking mutations.
And we've donated products to the Africa CDC to expand their NGS-based surveillance capabilities for
infectious disease in the Democratic Republic of Congo, Egypt, Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Mali, Nigeria,
Senegal, South Africa and Uganda, in some cases bringing sequencing capability to the country for the
first time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Susceptibility to COVID-19 is almost certainly in part genetic and it's important to understand the
interactions between viral and host genetics to potentially identify those individuals most at risk and
support the development of therapies and vaccines. We're supporting multiple collaborations with
partners, including the New York Genome Center, Stanford, Adaptive Biotechnologies and Genomics
England to better understand the evolution of the viral genome and potential genetic factors determining
an immune response. Earlier this week, Genomics Medicine Ireland announced that it will sequence
COVID-19-positive samples to identify risk-bearing and protective factors for COVID-19.

In terms of testing, while the majority of testing will occur using PCR and serology-based tests, there are
numerous groups looking to multiplex testing using NGS. For example, one of our partners, IDbyDNA,
offers clinically validated NGS-based testing. Additionally, multiple groups are publishing papers describing
the performance of NGS assays with plans for clinical validation. Finally, some customers are working on
ultrahigh throughput, NGS-based screening tests for return to work. While these efforts are early, our
teams are working to help customers meet the testing challenges that have been highlighted as critical to
enable our economies to sustainably recover without placing individuals at risk.

As we support our customers' efforts, I am always impressed but rarely surprised by the innovations
delivered by the Illumina team. To support COVID-19 work, we have released a number of workflows and
data analytics to help identify the virus and track its transmission, including a shotgun metagenomics
application to enable researchers and academics to detect and characterize SARS-CoV-2 and other novel
pathogens for epidemiology. The application also supports the unbiased detection of coinfection and the
profiling of host response genes to study comorbidities and human immune response, an enrichment
workflow for public health labs to enable highly accurate detection of SARS-CoV-2 and viral sequence
information to optimize containment strategies and identify coinfections of other respiratory viruses that
may require different treatments, an amplicon workflow to support public health labs studying SARS-
CoV-2 epidemiology with coinfections at higher sample volumes, and a new software toolkit that makes it
easier for researchers to detect and identify SARS-CoV-2 viral sequences and contribute their findings to
public databases. We've made this toolkit freely available to anyone who is using an Illumina sequencer.

Illumina's mission to improve human health by unlocking the power of the genome has never been more
relevant. I'd like to thank the global Illumina team for their dedication to keeping our employees safe,
ensuring supply for those customers who are performing critical work whether COVID-19-related or not
and doing everything we can to contribute to combating this pandemic. I'd also like to recognize the many
Illumina customers and partners who are working directly to fight COVID-19. We're inspired by your drive,
creativity and commitment, and we'll do whatever we can to maximize the impact of your efforts.

With that, I'll move to our quarterly update. Illumina reported first quarter revenue of $859 million
compared to our guidance range of $850 million to $855 million. Clearly, there are a lot of moving pieces
this quarter, so I will talk about our business in 3 ways so that we can share many of the insights we have,
by region, by customer and by product.

Starting with the regions. China was the first to be impacted by COVID-19 and was therefore the most
impacted in the quarter. As the outbreak grew, our priority was to support customers as they scale their
capabilities for COVID-19-related work. This included the installation of iSeq and MiSeq systems starting
in January at one of the CDCs in the hardest hit region and supporting other CDC locations and hospitals
in the country. As China implemented measures to contain the COVID-19 outbreak, it became difficult
for patients to maintain clinical appointments for oncology and NIPT testing. As a result, both sequencing
systems and sequencing consumables were lower than expected in China in the first quarter and total
China revenue was $84 million. We've started to see run volumes increase in China in March and April. It's
not back to business as normal, but we are seeing both research and clinical customers returning to their
labs in China and scaling up their operations.

EMEA and AMR were resilient to COVID-19 through much of the first quarter and were tracking above our
expectations in February. Momentum slowed quickly in mid-March as the wave of closure and shelter-
in-place orders flooded across these regions in the closing weeks. Both EMEA and AMR still beat our
expectations for the first quarter but were clearly impacted by COVID-19. First, total system shipments
were lower than expected in both AMR and EMEA. Systems tend to be back-end loaded in any given

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

quarter and system purchases were not considered high priority for many customers at the end of the
first quarter. Second, we saw some customers preemptively stocking up on sequencing consumables. Total
EMEA revenue was $221 million, and total AMR revenue was $477 million.

Finally, APJ delivered revenue of $77 million with solid sequencing consumable growth, including record
shipments in Japan despite COVID-19-related headwinds. In fact, this was a record quarter for APJ overall
with the highest total revenue ever reported for that region.

We expect Q2 to be an extremely challenging quarter with revenue declining sequentially in each region,
albeit more modestly in China. On a positive note, Illumina's operations have stayed up and running
globally. And so far, we have been able to overcome any COVID-19-related challenges and deliver
products to our customers in a consistent and timely manner.

Moving to a customer view. It's clear that COVID-19 is impacting different customers in different ways,
and we have some insights drawn from the volume of runs associated with our connected network of
sequencing systems. While not all our systems are connected, we believe this is a useful reference that
shows the general activity trend across our installed base. Runs are reported regardless of volume of
sequencing output and are not directly correlated to revenue. First, both research and clinical runs were
ramping well throughout the quarter, peaking during the week ending March 14. Not surprisingly, the
number of research and applied runs started to slow during the week beginning March 15, especially
among academic institutions. This reflects research labs scaling back in response to shelter-in-place
requirements. For those not working directly on COVID-19, the decline was rapid in the second half of
March but then stabilized quite quickly and has been roughly flat since the beginning of April. Overall,
research volume is running at close to 55% of what it was in the fourth quarter of 2019.

Moving to clinical. Run volume was impacted by COVID-19 but was somewhat more resilient than
research. Clinical runs also reached their high point for the quarter during the week ending March 14. In
the week beginning March 15, clinical run volumes started to decline albeit more slowly than we saw in
research. Unlike some of our research customers, many of our clinical customers are considered essential
health care services and have remained open, although sample volume is being impacted as patients avoid
health care facilities. While more modest, the clinical declines extended for 4 weeks and we started to see
stabilization in the week beginning April 12. Clinical volume is currently running at just over 80% of what
it was in the fourth quarter of last year.

In summary, the shape of the curve has been a little different for research and clinical customers.
Research run volume dropped faster but also stabilized more quickly and has been roughly flat for the last
4 weeks. The clinical run volume drop was more gentle, but the duration was longer before stabilizing in
the last 2 weeks. Both research and clinical run volume increased modestly on a sequential basis in the
week beginning April 19, although it's clearly too early to call any kind of trend.

Finally, moving to the revenue view. Total sequencing system revenue of $79 million was down 25% from
the same quarter of last year and substantially below our expectations driven by COVID-19 disruption.
Excluding the COVID-19 impact on sequencing systems, we would have comfortably exceeded our
sequencing system revenue expectations for the quarter. However, system shipments were down across
all families with the exception of NextSeq 2000 in its first quarter of launch. First customer shipments of
our NextSeq 2000 were delivered right on time on March 9. Orders for this system were in line with our
internal forecast for the first quarter, but shipments were lower than expected because of the COVID-19
disruption at the end of the quarter. Early adopters of the NextSeq 2000 included both existing and
new Illumina customers in research and academic institutions across all 4 regions. Initial NextSeq 2000
applications included food safety, genetic disease, cancer and COVID-19 research. We did not ship
any new NextSeq 2000s to HiSeq conversion customers in the first quarter. The sales funnel so far is
consistent with our expectation for very modest cannibalization of NovaSeq conversions among the
remaining HiSeq customers in the quarters ahead. Finally, almost half of the new NextSeq 2000 shipped
were to new to Illumina system customers, ahead of our expectations.

Sequencing consumable revenue of $553 million grew 15% from the same quarter last year and was
stronger than expected. Less than half of the sequencing consumable beat was associated with COVID-19-
related stocking among our clinical customers. NovaSeq pull-through per system was higher than the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

same quarter last year and comfortably within the previous guidance range of $1.1 million to $1.2 million
per NovaSeq per year. We do expect NovaSeq pull-through to step down meaningfully in the second
quarter. Pull-through for both MiSeq and our NextSeq 500 and 550s was flat with the last quarter, and
MiniSeq was below its targeted pull-through range.

Sequencing service and other revenue was $128 million, up 13% due to higher licensing revenue
compared to the same quarter last year.

Overall, sequencing revenue of $760 million was slightly ahead of our expectation and represented 88% of
total revenue.

Moving to arrays. Total array revenue was $99 million, down 33% from the same quarter last year
and in line with our expectations for the first quarter. Our array services business grew sequentially
as we expected, given the normal seasonality associated with DTC but declined year-over-year. Array
consumables declined both sequentially and year-over-year, consistent with our expectations of the DTC
market.

In summary, our business was impacted negatively overall by $20 million in the first quarter, primarily
driven by sequencing instruments but this was partially offset by a modest contribution from COVID-19-
related stocking and broader strength across sequencing consumables and sequencing service and other.

With that, I'll hand it over to Sam to discuss the financials in more detail.

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

Thanks, Francis, and thanks to you all for joining us today. I really hope you and your families are safe
and healthy. As discussed, first quarter revenue grew 2% year-over-year to $859 million, slightly ahead
of our expectations with stronger sequencing consumables and sequencing services and other, offsetting
softer-than-expected sequencing system revenue.

Moving to gross margin and operating expenses. I will highlight non-GAAP results that include stock-based
compensation. I encourage you to review the GAAP reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures which
can be found in today's release and the supplementary data available on our website. Please note that all
subsequent references to net income and earnings per share refer to the results attributable to Illumina
shareholders.

Non-GAAP gross margin of 73% was higher than our expectations, with lower sequencing system revenue
and higher sequencing consumable and other revenues resulting in a more favorable mix in addition to
increased fixed cost leverage as we increase safety stock volumes. Non-GAAP operating expenses of $339
million were down $33 million from the fourth quarter of 2019 and down $24 million from the first quarter
of 2019. This was lower than we expected due to delayed project spend, reduced labor-related expenses
and less travel.

Non-GAAP operating margin was 33.6%, up from 31% last quarter and better than expected. The non-
GAAP tax rate of 16.1% was down from last quarter and lower than expected due to prior year return
adjustments and discrete tax benefits related to the release of tax reserves.

For the first quarter of 2020, GAAP net income was $173 million or $1.17 per diluted share, and non-GAAP
net income was $243 million or $1.64 per diluted share. Additionally, in the first quarter, cash flow from
operations was $281 million; first quarter capital expenditures were $4 million and free cash flow was
$241 million; DSO of 50 days compared to 55 days last quarter due to more favorable revenue linearity.

We ended the quarter with approximately $3.3 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term
investments. This is down from $3.4 billion reported at the end of 2019 due to $187 million in share
repurchases in the first quarter and $132 million for the reverse termination fee and continuation
advances paid to Pacific Biosciences. The expenses related to the PacBio payments are excluded from
our non-GAAP results. Our weighted average diluted share count for the quarter was approximately 148
million. We have $563 million available for share repurchases under our current plan.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Looking forward, we have withdrawn all our previous guidance due to the uncertainties around the
severity and duration of the COVID-19 outbreak. To be very clear, this includes our revenue and EPS
guidance in addition to any other forward-looking comments we have made on NovaSeq or other system
pull-through, NextSeq 1000 and 2000 shipments, and PopGen expectations for the year. One month in,
we can see that the second quarter impact will be substantially greater than the impact we experienced
in the first quarter and we are planning accordingly. As mentioned before, we expect revenue to decline
sequentially in every region in the second quarter, with the smallest dollar decline expected in China and
the largest in AMR. While we have so far been able to produce and deliver to our customers with minimal
delays in the first quarter, we note a higher risk of transportation delays associated with border closures
and a drop in air freight capacity linked to fewer passenger flights. Again, these are not impacting our
business today but are risks as we look forward.

Given the wide range of possible outcomes, we are not offering guidance on second quarter revenue at
this time. Even though we are not providing second quarter guidance, we can share some qualitative
comments about factors that will impact our P&L in the second quarter. For example, it is clear that
substantially lower revenue will lower our gross margin. So you should expect a lower gross margin in the
second quarter on both a sequential and year-over-year basis.

In terms of operating expense, we remain committed to investing strategically to ensure that we protect
the strength of our business when we emerge on the other side of the COVID-19 disruption. As a result,
we expect operating expenses to be roughly flat on a dollar basis compared to the second quarter of last
year. Illumina is an innovation engine, and while we have deprioritized some work, we will do everything
we can to retain our most important product development time lines.

That said, we are managing expenses very carefully. In the near term, there are savings associated with
restricted discretionary expenses, including travel, marketing events and consulting, and slower hiring
associated with a lengthening hiring cycle. We are also reducing spend on contract and temporary labor
in certain functions. Finally, we have delayed certain non-R&D projects and delayed or canceled certain
capital expenditure projects. Compared to our original budget for the year, second quarter operating
expenses have been reduced by more than $40 million. We are also preparing for additional cost savings
opportunities if shelter-in-place orders remain prevalent into the third quarter. While we are all hoping for
loosening of restrictions in the near future, we have planned for a range of scenarios that we can activate
if needed. We will monitor the situation carefully throughout the rest of the second quarter to assess
whether we need to take more aggressive actions more quickly. This includes a careful reassessment of
our capital investment plans and gating programs in some cases. In the meantime, we continue to hire
and onboard new team members virtually but retain the flexibility to pause or limit hiring or slow other
investments if the pandemic is prolonged.

With that, I'll hand the call back over to Francis.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Sam. We're mindful of the balance between navigating the uncertain duration of this pandemic
and ensuring that we don't do anything that slows our pipeline of innovation or otherwise inhibits our
ability to meet the needs of our customers. We are hopeful that the biggest impact will be felt in the
second quarter but ensuring that we are well prepared if it extends into the second half of the year.

As challenging as the current environment is, we don't see any change to the long-term trajectory of
sequencing adoption and demand. Clinical testing has proved quite resilient even in these challenging
times, highlighting the importance and medical value of genomic testing. While it's true that some labs
have paused their research operations, it's also clear that a number of research labs are switching to
COVID-19-related projects. Clearly, we have a lot of work to do to find our way out of this pandemic and
then prepare for the next one. It's reassuring to see that governments around the world are committing
resources to this important work. For example, the last 2 relief packages from the United States
government has allocated over $1 billion to the CDC with the specific goal of building out surveillance and
other capabilities in the hope that we can be better prepared for the next time. We do not believe that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

there is a technological limitation to getting this done and it's clear that sequencing will be at the heart of
the solution.

It's a challenging time to be running a business, but the Illumina community, including our employees, our
suppliers, our partners and our customers, have never been more united to a cause or more convinced of
the importance of our shared work. We are leaving no stone unturned as we actively look for more and
more ways to contribute to the effort.

With that, we can start the Q&A.

Jacquie Ross
Vice President of IR, Corporate Communications & Corporate Social Responsibility
Brandy, do you have our first question?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Dan Brennan with UBS.

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So I just had a two-parter. It relates to -- first part is on the academic end market for you. Can you just
give us a sense of when academic researchers start to come back to their labs? Help us think through
how quickly you think they can kind of ramp back up. And related to that, we've heard it will be difficult to
make up for lost time in the labs vis-à-vis consumable usage, but that instrument orders likely can still be
fulfilled. So if you can just comment on that.

And then the second part is related to COVID NGS testing. Obviously, there's a lot of interest in the PCR
testing opportunity and you discussed some of the nascent interest or kind of impact from NGS testing.
Could that turn out to be a real opportunity for Illumina? Any color you can provide on that would be
helpful.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Dan. So let me go through each of your questions. The first question was around the academic
market, how quickly will that ramp up when people get back to work and is there a possibility for
them to catch up on the consumables or capital purchase. Let me start with that one. Let me start by
acknowledging really some of the terrific work that some of our academic research customers have been
doing over the last few months under some very challenging circumstances. I talked a little bit about the
work that Professor Trevor Bedford was doing out at the Fred Hutch in Seattle, Charles Chu at UCSF. But
already, we've seen research has really jumped all in to help us combat the pandemic and understand the
mutations on the virus, the transmission vectors and the host response.

In terms of how quickly that business could ramp back up, that business is going to continue to be
impacted as long as the shelter-in-place mandates remain in effect. But once those mandates get lifted,
we expect that business to start to ramp fairly quickly. What's happening is that the work that they're
doing isn't going away. And so we expect them to be able to pick up on projects when they get back into
the office and into the labs. And we expect to see a number of things happen. One, in some cases -- and
it is certainly true with the Sanger, for example, or the UK Biobank, where there'll be an attempt to catch
up on the lost time work because there's an urgency to the work that they're doing. In other case, we'll
see some academic customers we expect seek -- be granted extensions to their current funding window so
they can finish the projects that they've been working on. And frankly, as we think through our research
customers, it's hard to think of examples where the work they're doing goes away.

Another dynamic that's flowing out that's becoming very clear that there is a need for research to be done
on the COVID-19 pandemic itself to understand things like the evolution of the viral genome, to really also
understand the genetic factors that are -- that create risk that provide protective factors for individuals,
understand the origins of the virus. And there's work going on in single cell research to understand how
a cell evolves when the virus enters the cell. And so there's an emerging need for additional research to
be done, and we expect our academic customers and our commercial research customers to be involved
with that through this quarter and certainly in the coming quarters as well. And so we expect to see that
work ramp up as well. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, there is funding that's been allocated
to the NIH, to the CDC. In the U.K., there's research to the COVID-19 Genomics UK Consortium that will
fund that research.

And then to your second question around the opportunity for NGS in COVID-19 testing. There are a
number of places where COVID -- the NGS is being used in testing. One is there are customers of ours,
as I mentioned in the remarks, that are using NGS-based assays to do diagnostic testing, and they're

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

adding to the capacity in the market using NGS-based assays. So that's one thing we're seeing. Secondly,
we're seeing the need for NGS technologies to be used in surveillance capabilities. And that's true in
CDC, starting with the CDC in China but now it's true in CDCs around the world. And we recently just
shipped CDCs to a number of countries in Africa as well. So there's another need for NGS to be used in
surveillance capabilities. Another area that's emerging is the idea of using ultrahigh throughput screening
testing to bring people back to work. And so there are concepts being developed by customers of ours
around using NGS to deliver that ultrahigh throughput screening capability to move healthy people back to
work and, in some cases, to do regular testing to keep healthy people back at work. And so we're seeing
that emerge as a possibility as well for NGS-based testing. And then finally, there's a whole area around
using NGS to do the research. And whether that's to develop additional diagnostic tests or for therapies or
to understand host responses, we're seeing that emerge as another need for NGS as well.

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

Dan, I'll offer up one data point. This is Sam. In the first quarter of -- first month, I should say, of Q2,
we've also seen stronger-than-expected instrument shipments actually to academic institutions. So that's
a testament to the resiliency of that part of the market despite the fact that we're still in shelter-in-place
mode and disruption here. So we are confident that once we get past this pandemic that this will rebound
both in terms of instruments and in terms of consumable utilization as well.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.

Tycho W. Peterson
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Francis, as we think about the growth drivers that were laid out at the beginning of the year, obviously,
POPSEQ was one of them, clinical being another. I'm just wondering on POPSEQ, if you can bring us up
to speed on All of Us and NHS, UK Biobank, how you're thinking about some of those initiatives maybe
restarting. There are -- obviously some promoters would kick off in the back half of the year anyway, but
I'm curious for the latest on those.

And then on clinical, I appreciate the commentary that the clinical drop is more gentle and the duration
was longer. We've seen some numbers that cancer testing is down 25%, 30%. Just curious about how you
think about the recovery on the clinical side.

And then lastly, on pandemic surveillance, I'm just curious if you're doing anything differently
organizationally or in terms of R&D dollars going forward as we think about future pandemics.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Sure. So let's go through each of those questions. First, let's start with an update on PopGen. And it's
clear that the shelter-in-place requirements have actually impacted the PopGen programs. And I'll talk
about some of the major ones. As you might have heard from the NHS, we are waiting to hear revised
dates, so when they ramp up. They haven't put out any new dates yet. So we're continuing to stay
engaged with them, and they're evaluating their plans around the ramp-up that was planned over the
back half of this year.

The UK Biobank and Sanger announced in March that they were pausing their sequencing and they
said for a 3-month period. Now there is urgency around that work. And so in that effort, we expect that
when they start sequencing again, they'll ramp up very quickly, and they were running at about 10,000
genomes a month before they paused. So we expect them to be able to ramp that up pretty quickly. And
they're the kind of customer that would invest to catch up in terms of the sequencing that was missed
because there's value to the data they're getting from a therapy perspective, and there's also a finite
window of exclusivity with that data. And so there's an urgency around getting back up to speed and
catching up.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

In terms of All of Us here in the U.S., they are currently working through their IDE submission, which we
expect shortly to the FDA. And they already have their 270,000-sample cohort. And so really, it's watching
to see how the shelter-in-place requirements come back and people can get back into their labs. But
they're making progress on their IDE submission, which is what they are working on.

In terms of the clinical market, as I said in the prepared remarks, the clinical markets have been
somewhat more resilient than the research markets but they are operating at -- below the baseline that
we saw in Q4. And primarily, that's because you have patients around the world that are holding back
from going into hospitals and in some cases are under their own shelter-in-place requirements. The reality
is though for cancer patients, they do need to get that testing. And so at some point, it will be important
for them to get back to the clinic to do the oncology tests. And then in NIPT, again, there's sort of a time
urgency around getting that test. And we saw some easing from a reimbursement perspective here in
the U.S. around covering average risk from some of the large carriers here because they recognize that
NIPT is an easier test to do than the alternatives. And so we expect NIPT to be more resilient even for the
clinical markets.

In terms of pandemic surveillance, we have organized an effort internally that is focused on creating
workflows that our customers are asking for in each of the categories I talked about. So for diagnostic
testing, for surveillance, for ultrahigh throughput screening and for research. We've already put out 3
workflows, the shotgun metagenomics workflow, the enrichment, the amplicon workflow, and we've put
out some informatics tools for researchers free of charge who've been asking for it in terms of helping
them analyze the data around COVID-19 and also making it easier for them to submit the data they're
getting to the public databases out there so they can share it more easily. At this point, the efforts have
really been around ring-fencing some of our folks who work on that -- on those efforts. And then that's
how we're thinking about it. So it's a little bit of a reallocation rather than sort of different R&D expense.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Wolfe Research.

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

Well, first of all, thanks for the time. Second, thank you for everything you guys are doing for everyone
who's trying to struggle through all this. My first question is something of a policy question for Francis,
and I apologize for giving you the more difficult one. And my second is just a couple of fine-tuning points
for Sam. So Sam gets the easy ones. Francis, as you discuss with your policy teams and you think about
the guidelines that are popping up, what do you think is the pathway for reopening for academic labs?
Does it necessarily equate to what happens in terms of university reopenings? So there are a number of
questions that are operational ramp in there. There's also a question as to what is deemed "essential." So
I know Dan Brennan asked a good question about academic, but I want to ask more specifically how do
you think about the time lines for those labs reopening.

And for Sam, one, how do you think microarrays progress from here? Does the trajectory feel any
different now given the environment relative to what you thought coming into the year? And then, Sam,
could you speak at all to the balance of stocking versus shipment delays tied to COVID and whether
COVID was a net positive or negative at the end of the quarter? There's some controversy out there
around stocking.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

So thank you, Steve. Thank you for your comments as well. So let me start by talking about our
expectations around when academic labs sort of come back up to capacity. And you asked about how
we think about universities reopening versus research lab openings and what those time lines are. So
I'll start by saying that we have very modest expectations in terms of labs this quarter -- in this quarter.
And so that's what we've taken. You touched on an important point, which is we are hearing from our
customers that academic labs are likely to open up before universities do and that a lot of universities

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

are thinking in a staged way and that the bar for opening up is different than the bar from bringing all
undergrad students especially back to campus. So our belief is that you'll see the academic research labs
in universities to open up even before you see the full universities open up.

The other dynamic that's playing obviously is a number of the leading academic research labs are very
actively involved in COVID-19 research. That's true across the board, whether you're looking at Johns
Hopkins or Yale or Stanford, and that means that the work they're doing is essential. And so a lot of them
are going to be working ahead of the broader opening of the academic labs in university. And so that's
the staging. I think first, you'll see academic labs that are now focused on COVID-19 begin to scale up
especially as the funding starts to flow. Next, you'll see broader academic labs opening up. And then
finally, you'll see universities opening up to students broadly.

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

Yes. Steve, on your questions around the tweaks that you mentioned. So first of all, for microarrays,
I mean microarrays are going to be challenged obviously, significantly in Q2 just like the rest of our
business from our prepared remarks and for the year. Specifically around DTC, I would say, first of all,
that has continued to become a smaller portion of our business, but DTC will definitely be significantly
impacted maybe even disproportionately because as we saw in China, for instance, in Q1, even though
that's a small part of the business but saliva shipments were essentially banned and so you couldn't
even perform testing on DTC. And then you have some marketing that usually revolves around sporting
events, the Olympics, et cetera. All of those now are pushed out. So I think DTC will be disproportionately
impacted as well, albeit that's a very small part of our business now.

In terms of destocking, the net impact was, as we mentioned, $20 million. That represented a negative
$24 million impact on instruments. So in the last 2 weeks, we definitely saw customers pausing on capital
purchases and that represented a negative $24 million impact, and there was a plus $4 million impact, a
positive impact in terms of stocking on consumables, so a small impact overall on consumables. So the net
impact was $20 million negative, and as you can see, all of this was instrument offset by a very modest
amount of consumable stocking.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Doug Schenkel with Cowen.

Doug Schenkel
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Based on what you described in your prepared remarks, it seems like you're describing continued recovery
in China albeit not to levels where we were earlier last year. And then it sounds like outside of China,
you're describing a situation where at least at the end of April, including all end markets, you were seeing
stabilization. I just want to make sure that's right. And building off of that, are there any areas worth
noting either geographically or by end market that are still deteriorating? And then kind of on the other
side of that, are there areas that are notably improving outside of China?

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Got it. Well, thank you, Doug, for your question. You've got it exactly right. So what we are seeing is
China saw its business impacted first but has definitely started changing the trajectory and continuing to
build. Similarly and if you look at the rest of the world, starting the last couple of weeks of March, we did
see a deterioration. It was sharper in the research markets and more gradual in the clinical markets but
they seem to have stabilized. And certainly, if we look at data points for the last week, you start to see
them seem to point towards the gradual building back.

In terms of areas where we expect it to be above average in terms of recovery or below average, the
areas that have seen resilient are the clinical areas, most specifically NIPT but then oncology testing as
well. Those are the ones that did slow down but slowed down more slowly. And the stabilization is at a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

higher level than the rest of the other segments that we've seen. And those are also markets that we
expect to build back up more quickly given the urgency of some of the testing in those markets. We talked
-- we covered a lot about the research markets that the shelter-in-place requirements are going to inhibit
the academic labs from reopening and we -- that's to play out the majority of this quarter, although some
of those labs are now repurposed for COVID-19 research. And so we expect to see incremental business
from that research for those markets. And in my opinion, one of the slower markets maybe to recover
would be the direct-to-consumer market, directly -- because of the reasons that Sam talked about earlier.

Jacquie Ross
Vice President of IR, Corporate Communications & Corporate Social Responsibility

Brandy, since you're sitting on the next question. I'll just add, just to remind of something we said in the
script was that we did see a sequential increase. The run volume data for both research and clinical at
the most recent week we have actually did show a sequential increase from the prior week. So there's a
positive sign there, just one data point. We'll obviously look for more data points to support that trend but
something that gives us a good amount of optimism.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.

Derik De Bruin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So I'm going to do a multi-parter, if I can. First one is easy. Just quantify the size of the licensing
agreements that benefited services because that number is a little bit higher than we thought.

Second one is, can you talk a little bit about instrument ordering patterns? Are they still coming in? Have
these things -- seeing things slow down? Just some sort of general trends on your order pipeline right
now. I mean obviously, since you're not -- you don't have people out there sort of selling right now.

Another one is how much inventory in consumables do your customers normally hold? And the reason
I'm bringing this up because obviously, you're going to have labs shut down and people aren't going to
be using things. So it's a question of when do we sort of see consumables ramp as things come back and
what's the shelf life there. I'm just sort of curious on what's the normal dynamics and how do we think
about it, people burning through, they're using inventories before they start reordering. Do we get an air
pocket? I'm just sort of trying to think about the play going through on that.

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

Yes. So with regards to the licensing revenues, Derik, we're not disclosing exactly what the amount of the
licensing revenues were for sequencing and other, but all I can tell you is we had some licensing revenues
built into our guidance that was realized in Q1. As you saw, we had growth in that line, came in slightly
better than expectations. And so that's the dynamic there. In terms of the licensing revenues too, this
relates to some IVD licensing deals that we had from last year. And usually, those are not necessarily
all recognized at the time that you sign them. There are some that you recognize afterwards based on
different milestones and certain revenue recognition principles. So that's the answer for the first question.

What was the second question? With regards to shelf life of consumables -- so I'll jump to that.
Essentially, the shelf life is usually around 6 months to 9 months effectively. So that's usually what
customers have in terms of what our consumable shelf life is.

And what was the third question that Derik had?

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

The third question is on consumable inventory. So how much do customers hold typically and how long to
reorder. And so maybe I'll just take that to say. Typically, customers hold about a month of inventory on

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

hand. And just as a reminder, for a lot of our reagents, the shelf life is around 6 months. And so that's the
answer.

If I just add a little more color on the system ordering. Certainly for the first couple of months of the
quarter, we were seeing very strong ordering for systems. In fact, we were seeing stronger-than-
normal linearity and we were heading for a strong quarter in terms of system orders. And so that's even
[indiscernible] so it was a strong quarter heading off to the last couple of weeks of March from a systems
orders perspective.

Jacquie Ross
Vice President of IR, Corporate Communications & Corporate Social Responsibility

I think as Sam mentioned earlier, we've actually seen that continue into Q2, right? So the orders -- the
systems actually we've shipped so far this quarter are running a little bit ahead of sort of normal linearity.
We're seeing orders from both clinical and research customers. But at this point actually, the strength
we've been seeing so far has been driven by research. Of course, that could change if -- it's 1 month of
data that -- what we're looking at.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Puneet Souda with SVB Leerink.

Puneet Souda
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Thanks for the important work that you're doing in the pandemic. So first, on -- if I could just go back
to instruments again. I was hoping if you could elaborate what you had seen or what the team has seen
in the past downturns here. What do you think is the appetite for instrument purchases in situations in
academic customers in some of those cases where they're getting furloughed in the current time frame
and when they return back to the lab? What's the expectation there? And then among the diagnostic
customers, what's the expectation sort of in the second half when potentially -- when we're expecting
things to return back to normal and we're hearing about some pent-up demand, obviously significant
trial shutdowns anywhere from 50% to 70%. New enrollment is down. So when we think about biopsies
getting to the sequencer, how do we think about instrument purchases in that framework?

And if I could also -- if I could ask a second one just briefly on run versus revenue clarification. I just
wanted to understand the run volume -- run numbers that you have provided. How should -- what sort of
error bars should we think on that? Are these run counts? Or are these runs already reflective or inclusive
of the duration of the runs and thus inclusive of the sequencing volumes that you have?

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Sure. Thank you, Puneet. So let me work my way through those questions. In terms of the appetite for
instrument purchases, as Jacquie pointed out, they were running strong through the majority of Q1, and
we were on track for a very strong systems quarter in Q1. And they're starting to run strong again in
Q2, in the first month of Q2. The disruption we saw was not in orders but primarily in shipment because
in the last 2 weeks of Q1, what happened was a number of labs had shelter-in-place requirements and
frankly weren't just physically there to be able to take the instruments that they had ordered. And so the
disruption is not really an ordering activity. It was much more in shipments activity. And as we talk to our
customers, what they're telling us is the appetite, for instance, is completely driven by the demand that
they're seeing, right?

So if you talk to our NIPT customers or oncology testing customers, they're ordering based on the
demands that they're getting from -- driven by a number of pregnancies that are covered and in oncology
testing and that they expect to recover. So they're saying, "Look, we saw a tick down, but this is essential
testing and so this shouldn't change." And that completely is what drives whether they get instruments
or not. So we're not seeing hesitation around capital purchases or capital spend. It really is driven by
demand. And the same thing is happening on the academic side, right? So it's driven by the bolus of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

work that they have. They have to come back into the labs to take those shipments, and so there will
be a gating factor around when the shipments actually happen and that shows up in revenue. And our
expectation is that they will be sheltered in place for the majority of Q2. But going out beyond that, we
-- they have budgets. They need to spend it. They still have the work that they're doing. There's now
incremental work associated with COVID research that will require new instruments as well.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of...

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

In terms of run count -- sorry. Let me just finish up the last part of the question Puneet had, which was
around run counts. So the numbers we're sharing with you are truly just number of runs. They are not
related to the type of run or the amount of data for each run or certainly the cost per run. And so there's
no direct correlation to revenue, but it does give you a sense for the level of activity in our business.

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

And Puneet, the -- it reflects the fact that not every single instrument that we have is connected, but it
reflects the fact that we have a portion of our instruments. The highest is -- connectivity is in AMR. The
next highest is in Europe and then APJ and very little connectivity in China. So it's a proxy but it's a good
indicator in terms of the direction that we're seeing in terms of the rebound of the business.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Dan Arias with Stifel.

Daniel Anthony Arias
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Francis, maybe just a follow-up on POPSEQ. Less related to the active projects and more those that
were sort of sitting out there in the planning and design stage. Can you comment on those -- I mean are
those so complex that you kind of have to expect a pause if you're talking about large health networks?
Or maybe conversely, I mean is the pandemic just kind of serving as an advertisement for aggregating
genomic health data? I'm just wondering about the next wave of those initiatives.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Let me talk about what we're seeing, Dan, in terms of what's playing out in those initiatives. If an
initiative is in the planning stage, then a lot of the work for that planning can happen while the principals
are sheltered at home. And so the work that can happen remotely is moving forward. We're seeing
that even here in the U.S. around the IDE submission for All of Us. And so if an initiative is really in the
planning stage, then a lot of the work can continue to happen even over this period. Some parts of a
POPSEQ ramp-up could be impacted by the pandemic. So if you're in the midst of collecting samples, for
example, that would be a part of the project that would be slowed down until people started getting back
into the labs or out into the field. Another dynamic that's playing out is we are seeing the emergence of
-- obviously the importance of COVID-19 element to some of these population sequencing efforts. For
example, the work that Trevor Bedford did at the Fred Hutch in Seattle was really started out as a flu
population research project but then got repurposed in the December to January, February time frame
to look for COVID ID incidents, right? And so we're starting to realize the importance of these population
efforts in terms of helping combat this existing pandemic and giving us a surveillance capability into future
pandemics. We're seeing that emerge as part of the thinking for the population sequencing efforts that are
playing out.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly with Citi.

Patrick Bernard Donnelly
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Maybe one for you, Sam, on the expense control. I certainly appreciate that you guys want to keep
expenses controlled in the near term but also positioned to capture the growth on the other side of this. To
your point about being nimble if things do kind of linger here, you do have initiatives to pull the cost back
further. I guess what would it take for you to do that? Is it a certain time frame if things stay shut down
that you would kind of push a little harder on the cost side? Maybe just talk through the scenarios on that
front.

Sam A. Samad
CFO & Senior VP

Yes. Thanks, Patrick. We've looked at a number of scenarios both to understand what potentially the
revenue impact might be for the year and also obviously, the impact on expenses. First, let me say, I
mean even in the first half of the year, given where we are today and what we know today, we are taking
a significant amount of cost out of the business. In Q1, as you heard, we were roughly $50 million below
our expectations in terms of spend. In Q2, we're expecting to be somewhere around $40 million below
our expectations in terms of spend. So we have taken quite a bit of cost out of the business. And that
reflects some actions around discretionary expenses, some of it driven by travel reductions, conference,
lack of attendance, et cetera. If this disruption persists -- and I don't want to give you a certain number
of months or a very specific time frame, but if this -- if we believe that these work -- shelter-in-place,
work-from-home restrictions will continue for definitely Q3 and beyond, then we've got contingency plans
that we have put in place that require us to be much more -- I would say look at cutting expenses in a
much more significant way. And that would involve things like pausing hiring altogether, and so stopping
hiring, looking at our contract and contract sales force and temporary workers, looking at a significant
reduction in our capital expenses, a significant reduction in our non-R&D projects, so broad-based in terms
of things that we would cut based on -- now that -- again, that would involve us having a view to the fact
that we're going to have a more prolonged disruption that goes definitely beyond Q3. So that's the way
we're approaching it.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Sung Ji Nam with BTIG.

Sung Ji Nam
BTIG, LLC, Research Division

Francis, I think you mentioned that most of the COVID-19 testing will be through PCR-based or serology
testing. Was curious as to what do you think is the biggest hurdle given that we'll probably need
unprecedented level of diagnostics over the next year or two? What's the biggest hurdle in terms of
getting sequencing to take a bigger share in providing diagnostic testing? Is it the cost, the installed base,
the accuracy? If you could talk about that.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thank you for that. And certainly, today, the majority of testing is being done on PCR. But looking
forward, I think you can expect to see more NGS testing happen in the market and you can expect to see
it happen in a number of buckets. First, you will see more diagnostic testing of symptomatic individuals
happen on NGS technology. We're starting to see a number of clin labs' stand-up diagnostic testing using
NGS capability. And so you should expect to see more of that happen going forward.

The second thing that will happen is you will start to see the emergence of ultrahigh throughput
capabilities, we believe, for screening of healthy individuals to get them back to work. And so there are a
number of very exciting concepts being worked on by a number of customers around how you can screen
very large numbers of healthy individuals to give employers confidence to bring their employees back into

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

the workforce, to give schools confidence to bring their students back into schools. Now there's work that
needs to be done to put together those workflows and so that's work being done right now, but a lot of
work is happening in that arena because the capacity you could get from NGS and the cost per sample you
could get from NGS could make that very, very compelling. And so that's work that's happening right now.

Similarly, the next bucket where you can see more NGS testing happening in the market is the area of
surveillance. And it's driven, in some cases, by CDCs around the world, but there are other organizations
too that are putting together NGS capability to monitor how this outbreak is progressing. And so for that,
you need NGS so you can understand how the virus is mutating. You need NGS so you can track the
geographic transmission of this virus. And you're seeing that capability starting to come online. And so if I
look at diagnostic testing, screening and surveillance, you should expect to see NGS to be a bigger part of
the testing paradigm going forward than it is today.

Operator

Your next question is -- we do have time for one further question. And your last question comes from the
line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Just one quick follow-up. I think, Francis, you mentioned that the run rate on the research side was down
45% clinical, perhaps down in high teens. I'm just -- like what is your revenue mix between clinical and
research? And where are we on capacity utilization on the systems? The reason I'm asking is when we
look at that, the economy opening up, is there a chance if we're running at 70%, 80% capacity utilization
and these systems are running at 100% and there's a catch-up in the back half.

Francis A. deSouza
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Sure. So if we look at the breakdown of our business on the sequencing consumables side, it's about
60% research and 40% clinical. And if we think about how the economy recovers and how the market
recovers, there are some areas we expect to see some catch-up, right? So for example, the UK Biobank
initiative, that was moving at sort of full throttle going into March and then paused. There's going to be
some catch-up we expect around that initiative. Similarly, patients, cancer patients that were holding back
from going into the clinic to get tested, we expect to see some catch-up happen there as well and maybe
a little bit on the NIPT side as well. And so there are definitely parts of our business where you can expect
to see some catch-up. For the remaining part of our business, we expect people to go back and finish the
work that they were working on. So it's very unlikely that the work goes away. And so the majority of our
business will pick back up. In some cases, there'll be some catch-up as well.

Operator

And I would now like to turn the call back over to the speakers for closing remarks.

Jacquie Ross
Vice President of IR, Corporate Communications & Corporate Social Responsibility

Thank you, Brandy. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available at the webcast in the Investors
section of our website as well as through the dial-in instructions contained in today's earnings release.
Thank you for joining us today. This concludes our call, and we look forward to our next update following
the close of the second quarter.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for your participation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ILLUMINA, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

