Incyte Corporation NasdaqGS:INCY
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, May 04, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.64

0.67

4.69

0.78

3.28

4.66

Revenue  (mm)

660.72

604.72

(8.48 %)

702.39

2896.88

3490.23

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-02-2021 3:16 PM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.86

0.76

0.77

0.64

1.24

0.23

0.93

0.67

SURPRISE

44.19 %

(69.74 %)

20.78 %

4.69 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
INCYTE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & GM of North
America

Christiana Stamoulis
Executive VP & CFO

Christine Chiou
Head of Investor Relations

Herve Hoppenot
Chairman, President & CEO

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical
Officer

ANALYSTS

Matthew Christopher Phipps
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Michael Werner Schmidt
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Reni John Benjamin
JMP Securities LLC, Research
Division

Alethia Rene Young
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research
Division

Salveen Jaswal Richter
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Andrew Scott Berens
SVB Leerink LLC, Research
Division

Srikripa Devarakonda
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Tazeen Ahmad
BofA Securities, Research Division

Vikram Purohit
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Brian Corey Abrahams
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Cory William Kasimov
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jay Olson
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Marc Alan Frahm
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Hello, and welcome to the Incyte first quarter earnings call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this
conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Christine Chiou. Please go
ahead.

Christine Chiou
Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to Incyte's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call
and Webcast. The slides used today are available for download on our website.

I'm joined on the call today by Hervé, Barry, Steven and Christiana, who will deliver our prepared
remarks, and by Dash, who will join us for the Q&A session.

Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are
forward-looking statements and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our
actual results to differ materially, including those described in our 10-Q for the year ended December 31,
2020, and from time to time in our other SEC documents.

We'll now begin the call with Hervé.

Herve Hoppenot
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Christine, and good morning, everyone. In the first quarter of this year, we continued to
execute on our strategy to drive further growth and diversification. We entered the year following a
strong 2020 where we were able to increase revenue by 24% and achieve multiple regulatory successes,
including 3 product approval. We continue to deliver across our portfolio in the first quarter. Our revenues
grew 6% year-over-year to reach $605 million with growth driven by new product launches and royalty
revenues of $100 million.

Q1, which is typically a quarter impacted by higher gross-to-net and forward purchasing patterns in the
U.S., was further challenged by the ongoing pandemic. Total patients on Jakafi grew year-over-year. And
in March, new patient starts recover to pre-COVID level. The launches of both Monjuvi and Pemazyre
continue to progress with good uptake from both academic and community physicians. Barry will provide
additional details in his remarks.

We made significant progress across the clinical and regulatory landscape with Pemazyre approved in
both Europe and Japan, becoming the first internally discovered product to be globally commercialized by
Incyte. We also have 3 regulatory applications under priority review at the FDA as well as 2 applications
under review in Europe, potentially increasing our sources of revenue in the near term.

Last month, we presented updated data for RUX cream at the American Academy of Dermatology
meeting, including the 2-year data from our Phase II vitiligo trial and updated pooled results from our
Phase III TRuE AD program in atopic dermatitis, with each highlighting the exciting potential of ruxolitinib
cream as a treatment for these 2 indications. We also announced, with our partner Lilly, 2 positive pivotal
trials for baricitinib in alopecia areata. If approved, baricitinib could be the first FDA-approved therapy in
alopecia areata.

Looking ahead, over the next 1 to 2 years, we have the potential to undergo a significant transformation
here at Incyte with several expansion opportunity as new products and new indications are launched
across the U.S., Europe and Japan. This includes RUX cream in atopic dermatitis and vitiligo, ruxolitinib
in chronic GVHD, tafacitamab in relapse/refractory DLBCL in Europe, parsaclisib in multiple types of
lymphomas and QD ruxolitinib in MFPV and GVHD.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

As we look at our key business objectives for the year, we have 3 priorities. First, to grow our existing
revenue base by driving new patient starts for Jakafi and accelerating the uptake of Monjuvi and
Pemazyre. Second, to expand upon our revenue base by successfully launching new products and new
indications. We expect several regulatory decisions before the end of this year. And third, to continue to
progress our late-stage pipeline as well as our earlier-stage programs.

Before I pass the call to Barry, I'd like to now take a minute to speak about our ESG initiative, which
we call global responsibility and which was launched in 2019. Since then, we have increased our ESG
disclosures and improved upon our objectives. In this slide, we list a few key accomplishments among our
5 priority areas, and I'd like to specifically highlight our efforts on the environmental front. In an effort
to reduce our environmental impact, we offset 100% of our 2019 measured carbon emissions in the U.S.
through verified reforestation carbon credits in partnership with Arbor Day Foundation. Looking ahead, we
have a set of goal to achieve carbon neutrality through a combination of absolute reductions and offsets
by 2025.

With that, I'll hand it over to Barry to cover the individual product performance.

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & GM of North America

Thank you, Herve, and good morning, everyone. Jakafi net sales in the first quarter grew year-over-year
to $466 million. As you may recall, first quarter growth in 2020 was 22% year-over-year, due in large part
to growth in patient demand, but also to a onetime increase in purchasing due to concerns over COVID-19
restrictions. Our Q1 net sales growth this year was impacted by the pandemic, a higher gross to net, and
forward-purchasing patterns. Patient demand growth of 2.3% in Q1 was softer than normal, due primarily
to the decline in new patient starts since the beginning of the pandemic.

The graph on the right shows monthly new patient starts from 2019 to the end of 2021. In the first
quarter last year, new patient starts were higher versus prior year, but then significantly declined in
Q2 and Q3 of 2020. This loss of new patients impacts total patient growth in subsequent quarters and
explains part of the slow growth in Q1 of this year.

We are seeing a gradual return of cancer patients to oncologist offices. And as you can see, by following
the red line, new patient starts are now at pre-COVID levels. So due to patients returning for their
treatments, our representatives being able to have face-to-face meetings with oncologists, our improved
gross to net for the rest of the year and our anticipated launch in chronic GVHD, we expect strong growth
in the second half of this year. Therefore, we are very confident in our full year outlook for Jakafi and are
reaffirming our guidance of $2.125 billion to $2.2 billion.

Turning now to Slide 10. The launch of Pemazyre continues to perform well and has exceeded our initial
expectations, and we continue to see an increasing use in the second-line setting. Since launch, the
rapid adoption of FGFR2 testing by oncologist has facilitated the identification of appropriate patients for
treatment with Pemazyre, and as a result, we see a continuous flow of new patients.

We launched Monjuvi with our partner MorphoSys in the third quarter of last year, and our teams
demonstrated their ability to launch an injectable drug in a difficult environment. Our field teams continue
to generate awareness amongst physicians of the strong efficacy and safety profile of Monjuvi, and we
have maintained a leading share of voice near 50%. We are seeing encouraging growth in the number of
purchasing accounts, which has risen by over 25% since Q4 of 2020 to over 500 at the end of March.

Looking ahead, we expect an acceleration in the adoption of Monjuvi in the second half of this year as
oncology offices reopen, patients' diagnosis and treatment rates normalize and our field teams are able to
fully educate oncologists on the benefits of Monjuvi with in-person meetings.

Our focus now and going forward is on continuing to grow our market share in the second-line setting, so
more patients can benefit from Monjuvi earlier in their treatment plan. Additionally, at ASCO, in June, we'll
be presenting important 3-year follow-up data from the L-MIND trial, which will provide additional insights
into the use of Monjuvi and LEN in patients with relapsed/refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Turning our attention now to ruxolitinib cream in atopic dermatitis. We recently conducted a survey of
key external experts and payers assessing their perspective of ruxolitinib cream. Physicians and payers
perceive ruxolitinib cream to be differentiated from other topicals and systemic therapies from both a
safety and efficacy standpoint and noted improvements in itch as the most impactful for both physicians
and patients. In a separate survey of nearly 300 dermatologists, results show that ruxolitinib cream has
a significant opportunity to address a large unmet medical need in the treatment of atopic dermatitis and
that physicians have a high willingness to prescribe. Our dermatology field force is fully assembled, and
we are ready for a rapid launch upon approval.

Turning to Slide 13. Earlier this year, the FDA hosted a vitiligo panel in which patients living with the
disease spoke on various subjects, including how vitiligo has impacted their quality of life and their lengths
to which they go to seek treatment, again highlighting the need for a novel and effective therapy, such as
ruxolitinib cream.

I'll now turn the call over to Steven for a clinical update.

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Thank you, Barry, and good morning, everyone. Starting with ruxolitinib cream. Over the past year,
we have presented data from the TRuE AD program, highlighting the safety and efficacy of ruxolitinib
cream in atopic dermatitis. At the American Academy of Dermatology Conference in April, we presented
additional pooled analysis from the 2 Phase III studies, demonstrating ruxolitinib cream's impact on
efficacy metrics such as itch, sleep and other quality-of-life measures across multiple subgroups.

In patients living with atopic dermatitis, the cycle of itching and scratching can lead to infections or
disruptions in sleep, and these results further highlight the potential for ruxolitinib cream to become an
important therapeutic option for these patients.

Turning to Slide 16. We previously showed at EADV in 2019, Phase II results for ruxolitinib cream in
vitiligo at 52 weeks. At AAD this year, we presented updated 104-week data from the Phase II vitiligo
program, showing treatment with ruxolitinib cream produced substantial repigmentation of vitiligo lesions
through 104 weeks of treatment. Nearly 3/4 of patients who received ruxolitinib cream 1.5% BID for 104
weeks, achieved a facial VASI75, and nearly 60% achieved 90% clearance of vitaligo lesions on their face
by week 104. There were no treatment-related serious adverse events reported, and ruxolitinib cream was
well tolerated throughout. We are excited by the potential of ruxolitinib cream in vitiligo and look forward
to sharing with you the results of the Phase III TRuE-V program, which should read out in the second
quarter.

On Slide 17, a reminder of the broad clinical development program for tafasitamab in combination
with other therapies, including our PI3 kinase delta inhibitor, parsaclisib, across several non-Hodgkin's
lymphomas in both the first-line and relapsed or refractory settings. inMIND, a pivotal trial evaluating
tafasitamab plus R-squared in relapsed follicular lymphoma is ongoing, and we expect to initiate another
pivotal trial, Front-MIND, in first-line diffuse large B-cell lymphoma in the second quarter. topMIND, our
proof-of-concept study of tafasitamab in combination with parsaclisib is expected to initiate in 2021, and
our proof-of-concept study in collaboration with Xencor is expected to start later this year.

Turning to the next slide. We continue to progress our LIMBER development program. Once-daily
ruxolitinib data is in-house, and we expect data release at an upcoming medical conference, followed by
an NDA submission early next year. Our parsaclisib plus ruxolitinib combination trials are progressing, and
our BET and ALK2 monotherapy dose escalation trials are ongoing, with planned initiation of combinations
in the second half of this year.

On the right side of the slide, our results from a turpentine-induced anemia mouse model. Turpentine was
used to elicit an inflammatory response, which acutely increased their levels of hepcidin production and
thus anemia. As can be seen in the chart, anemia developed in mice injected with turpentine. And when
given in conjunction with ruxolitinib, hemoglobin levels were further reduced. The pink data on the right

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

side show that ALK2 treated mice, when given with ruxolitinib, had less severe anemia as demonstrated
by the improved hemoglobin levels.

In closing, we have made significant progress within our key development programs in the past year,
and we expect another busy year for Incyte with multiple potential approvals and regulatory submissions
throughout the year.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.

Christiana Stamoulis
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Steven, and good morning, everyone. Our total product and royalty revenues for the quarter
were $605 million, representing a 6% increase over the first quarter of 2020. Total product and royalty
revenues for the quarter are comprised of net product revenues of $466 million for Jakafi, $26 million for
Iclusig and $30 million for Pemazyre. Royalties from Novartis of $66 million for Jakavi and $2 million for
Tabrecta and royalties from Lilly of $32 million for Olumiant.

Jakafi net product revenues in the first quarter of 2021 were impacted by the decline in new patient
starts since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, forward purchasing in the first quarter of 2020 in
advance of the annual resetting of copay obligations and the typical higher gross to net adjustment in
the first quarter, compared to the other quarters during the year due to the impact of the Medicare Part
D coverage gap or donut hole. The 1% year-over-year growth in Jakafi net product sales also reflects the
higher patient demand and forward purchasing late in the first quarter of 2020, driven by concerns that
the COVID-19 pandemic could cause potential supply disruption.

The decrease in Iclusig net sales in the first quarter of 2021 from the prior year quarter also reflects the
impact of COVID-related forward purchasing in the prior year, partially offset by positive currency effects.
Despite the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on patient demand, we remain confident in the outlook
for the year and our ability to continue to grow revenues through our existing products and new product
launches like Pemazyre and Tabrecta.

Moving on to our operating expenses on a GAAP basis. Ongoing R&D expenses of $295 million for the
first quarter increased 6% from the prior year period, primarily due to cost to support the continued
progression of our pipeline programs. Total R&D expense for the first quarter of $307 million decreased
72% from the prior year quarter, which included the upfront consideration of $805 million for our
collaborative agreement with MorphoSys.

Our ongoing SG&A expense for the quarter of $141 million increased 27% from the prior year quarter,
primarily due to our investments related to the establishment of the new dermatology commercial
organization in the U.S. and the related activities to support the potential launch of ruxolitinib cream for
atopic dermatitis as well as the timing of certain expenses.

Total SG&A expense for the first quarter of $154 million includes a $30 million reserve related to a
settlement in principle in connection with the December 2018 civil investigative demand from the U.S.
Department of Justice.

Our collaboration loss for the quarter was $10 million, which represents our 50% share of the $20 billion
U.S. net commercialization loss for Monjuvi. This is comprised of total net product revenues of $15.5
million and total operating expenses, including COGS and SG&A expenses of $35.5 million. Finally, our
financial position continues to be strong as we ended the quarter with approximately $2 billion in cash and
marketable securities.

Moving on to our guidance for 2021. We are reiterating our revenue, COGS, R&D and SG&A guidance for
the year. We remain confident in our full year guidance for Jakafi based on the recent recovery of new
patient starts and the potential approval later this year in steroid-refractory chronic GVHD.
Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Marc Frahm from Cowen and Company.

Marc Alan Frahm
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Barry, you gave a lot of detail on Jakafi, new patient starts and the trends there and kind of why you
have confidence that things are going to improve through the rest of the year. Can you give a little bit
more color on the Monjuvi side of things and why you're so confident? It would seem that, that indicate
-- DLBCL would be a little less susceptible to kind of pushing off appointments, diagnoses and starting
therapy than some of the indications Jakafi has?

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & GM of North America

Thanks for the question, Marc. Yes. So in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, obviously, these patients are
sick. They need to get therapies. Nevertheless, we know that -- from claims data that patient visits are
down by about 10%. Nevertheless, our reason that we're optimistic about Monjuvi is because Monjuvi-
LEN combination is a very good combination. Every time we talk to oncologists, hematologists, they're
very excited when they see the profile. Our challenge is to continue to educate health care professionals,
hematologists, oncologists specifically about the benefits that Monjuvi-LEN combination gives.

You can see the 2-year update and the duration of response just keeps getting better at 34 months.
We'll have an update at ASCO for a 3-year follow-up of the L-MIND data. Again, the safety and efficacy
are there. I just don't think because of the pandemic, we hadn't been able to educate to get in front of
treaters of diffuse large B-cell lymphoma as much as we want to. But now we know that the offices are
opening up again, not fully, but they are opening up again, and our field teams will be able to get in front
of them and share with them what we think is exciting data for Monjuvi-LEN.

Marc Alan Frahm
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

And how do you see -- there's a new entrant coming into the market as well. Just how do you see that
playing out?

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & GM of North America

Well, it's going to improve in the third-line setting. We're the only regimen that's approved in the second-
line setting. We'll see how Lonca does. We know from feedback from our hematologist/oncologist that the
profile that they see from Monjuvi LEN seem superior to other regimens -- possible regimens that I have.
We know that other antibody-drug conjugates like Lonca have cumulative toxicities, so that could be a
problem. The other entrants that are potentially coming, all have their own toxicity problems, whether
it's a fusions or cytokine-release syndrome. So we think really the safety and efficacy of Monjuvi LEN will
stand up and will be the first choice in the second-line setting.

Operator

Our next question today is coming from Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America.

Tazeen Ahmad
BofA Securities, Research Division

I wanted to focus mine on RUX cream. You guys will have data coming up soon for vitiligo. And I wanted
to get a sense of what data we should expect at the top line press release. And what is the expectation for

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

what should be considered clinically meaningful data? And then for the atopic dermatitis indication, I just
wanted to get a sense of whether you have started any kind of label discussions with the agency?

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Tazeen, it's Steven. Thank you for your question. So on RUX cream, as you alluded to, we expect both
Phase III to get the readout during this quarter, this half of the year. We expect to replicate the Phase
II data we've seen. You just saw the 104-week update, including the continued repigmentation that's
seen over time, especially you saw that facial data. Even the 90% rate now getting, greater than 60% of
patients achieving that.

And there's very little spontaneous remissions of vitiligo, as you saw, in our data we presented to date.
Placebo rates are negligible. The studies are large because of -- to require a safety database, not to hit the
efficacy numbers. So we have a profile that we've already seen now in Phase II with 2-year update that
is of enormous benefit to patients should they elect to be treated for it. And then you couple that with an
extremely tolerable safety profile.

From an atopic dermatitis point of view, we don't discuss regulatory interactions. It's gone as expected,
and we're very comfortable where we sit. And we remain on track for achieving everything we need,
hopefully, by the PDUFA date. So that's how we're comfortable in that regard. Thank you.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets.

Brian Corey Abrahams
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

So another question on topical RUX. The feedback from KOLs had some -- I guess, some questions around
-- or unknowns around the durability of effect of typical topical AD drugs. And I'm sort of wondering
if you could remind us what data you guys have produced or plan to produce that might help improve
perceptions around this durability question? And what kind of education is going to be important to ensure
that topical RUX is utilized as a chronic rather than a bridge to biologics?

And then just maybe as a corollary to that. I know you don't give sort of a blow-by-blow of what the
ongoing regulatory discussions are, but just bigger picture, just curious this degree to which the FDA is
ongoing safety review of the JAK class, the oral JAKs and atopic ties into the regulatory discussions there,
generally speaking?

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Brian, it's Steven. Thank you. In terms of atopic dermatitis, again, from the data we've already shown
publicly on a few occasions, you see, obviously, the effect in terms of Investigator Global Assessment,
Eczema Area Severity Index, being about the best presented to date in mild-to-moderate atopic
dermatitis. But you couple that with the itch response, which is, in our view and our opinion leaders' view,
outstanding and also occurs rapidly. So you get patients having -- the dominant symptom resolve pretty
quickly and then the resolution of the skin effect.

In terms of the durability of effect, we expect and what we've seen is patients treat to remission and then
sort of go off the drug and then restart it again in terms of when they get recurrence because it's a chronic
condition of the symptoms, including itch or the skin effect. We estimate from the clinical data that we've
seen on the study that somewhere around 3 to 4 60-gram tubes a year would be used. But it's hard to see
what will happen in the real setting because then patients won't be in the clinical trial and, obviously, will
be managed by physicians in their own effect. But the -- that would give you a sense of the durability of
response, and that's from the clinical trial setting.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

In terms of -- to be repetitive -- on the label and discussions and the FDA review, we just, as a rule, don't
speak about them and refer to the FDA in that regard. But to be repetitive, we're very comfortable where
we are with the review. It's progressing well. And again, our goal is to finish this by the PDUFA date.

Operator

Next question is coming from Vikram Purohit from Morgan Stanley.

Vikram Purohit
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So I had 2 on the LIMBER program. First, for once-a-day RUX, you previously mentioned that you expect
BAB data in the first half of this year. So I wanted to see if that data set is going to be presented publicly?
And regardless of whether it's public or an internal readout, what constitutes success for this data set?
And then secondly, on LIMBER. It looks like there's a Phase II study expected to start soon evaluating
itacitinib as part of the LIMBER program. So I was just wondering if you could speak a bit about the
rationale for studying this drug in this setting.

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Vikram, it's Steven again. You are correct. So the RUX XR once-daily program has progressed well. It's
a relatively preset route in terms of bioequivalence and bioavailability testing of the different tablet
strengths. We've completed that. We have it in-house. And we follow the FDA guidance on what needs to
be achieved comparable to the RUX that's used in the clinic in terms of area under the curve. It's a very
strict guidance on what you have to come within to meet that, and we -- then we have that data in house.
Yes, we do expect to have a public presentation of the data this calendar year at an appropriate median
and forum, and we'll give that to you.

The other rate-limiting step there is just stability. So once we completed the BA and BE, all these
strengths are laid down for 12-month stability. As soon as that completes, then we expect to proceed
with filing very early next year. And what should be about a 10-month review period, we should have an
approval, if everything goes well, right before the end of '22, early '23 sort of time period, if you work that
out. But again, to be repetitive, we will present the data publicly to you this year.

Itacitinib, It's interesting. So it's a relative JAK1 agent compared to ruxolitinib, which is more JAK1, JAK2.
And we're trying to leverage that effect in terms of its cytopenias to see if we can have some benefit in
myelofibrosis patients who require a modulation of the effect in terms of less JAK2 and less cytopenias.
So it will be tested in a Phase II setting there for the appropriate patients to see if we achieve proof-of-
concept with this drug.

Just let me remind you, it has ongoing work in multiple other settings including cytokine release
syndrome, including bronchiolitis obliterans and including some other work as well in inflammation and
autoimmunity. So that's not the only program that's being used for. Thanks. And sorry, also, I should
mention ongoing chronic GVHD work, where we're doing some dose-ranging work, which we'll get data in
towards the end of this calendar year. Thanks.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Andrew Berens from SVB Leerink.

Andrew Scott Berens
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

I also have a question about the LIMBER program. As some of them start to advance, I was wondering if
you could give us any qualitative comments about which you're most excited about. And then if I could
sneak another one in on Jakafi. Are you seeing any commercial competitive impact in MF?

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

So I'll start on the LIMBER program, Andy, and then hand it to Barry for your second question. So
remember, firstly, it's important to us, LIMBER. I mean, Barry has spoken about RUX, its enormous benefit
to patients, the value it brings to patients and then to the company and shareholders as well. So this is
an internal effort that's cross-functional and appropriately large, directed at many different areas. So you
have the once-daily program, we just spoke about, and its importance there for once-daily alone, plus
optionality potentially on fixed-dose combinations with other ones dailies down the line, should we decide
to do that.

Then the second pillar, it's all the combination work. And you're asking more specifically what we may be
more excited about versus others, and I'll come back to that in a second. But just to mention, the third
pillar of the program, which we're more quiet about because it's preclinical in terms of discovery, research
work in both MF and P vera where there are other potential targets which we may end up pursuing and
Dash and his research endeavors are looking at those, plus with various collaborators.

Just to come back to that middle tier and the combos. So the RUX parsa program, both registration-
directed Phase III's are open. Sites are already being initiated and are screening patients. Just to remind
you, there's a suboptimal setting where patients have had at least 3 months of ruxolitinib, 8 weeks of
stable dose but are not having sufficient benefit in terms of spleen reduction of symptoms and are then
randomized to continue RUX with RUX plus parsaclisib setting, and that study is open. And then the first-
line study of RUX plus parsaclisib RUX alone in first line, looking typically at a 24-week spleen volume
response of 35% or greater.

We also then internally have our BET program, which this half of the year is looking at monotherapy
safety, and then we want to initiate combinations with RUX in the second half of this year. Just also to
remind you, this is not a new drug to us. We had it in the clinic a few years ago where we were dosing at
multiples of where we were now looking largely at solid tumors and MYC inhibition. So we already have
an experience with this compound of 100-plus patients or more in that setting, and we want to keep
accelerating that.

And then as I had in my prepared remarks, the third program is the ALK2 program. Very -- a little bit
of a different mindset, probably works as we illustrated through hepcidin inhibition and ameliorating
the anemia, which has a twofold effect. It will ameliorate potentially the anemia of myelofibrosis itself,
plus the ruxolitinib-induced anemia. And then not only that, should that be successful, that's one of the
principal reasons patients discontinue ruxolitinib. So we can ameliorate that. You'll get the added benefit of
continued RUX use and the efficacy thereof. So that's also an exciting program.

So I'm not giving you a priority list because they all have slightly different nuances. The one most ahead
is obviously parsaclisib in terms of registration studies underway. The other two, we want to complete the
monotherapy and combination safety this year and present data to you next year. I'll hand it to Barry for
your second question.

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & GM of North America

Yes. So Andrew, so for competition in MF, the only drug that's approved besides Jakafi is fedratinib from
BMS, and it's only being used second line, if at all. And BMS just reported their earnings, and really, the
drug has been flat since launch. So no. And in fact, we're -- one of the reasons we're encouraged, as we
continue through 2021, is MF patients grew very nicely from Q1 compared to Q4. So patients are coming
back to the office. Patients are getting treated. New patients are getting started on Jakafi for MF.

Operator

Next question today is coming from Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan.

Cory William Kasimov
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Your press release mentions you're advancing or you advanced the 707 JAK1 candidate into a Phase II
in vitiligo. Can you just talk about the motivation here? What you see as the potential benefit of having

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

this if RUX cream works in this indication? And how you might be able to improve upon it? Or are there
commercial considerations to think about to have a different compound?

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Cory, thanks for the question. It's steven. And thanks for bringing that up. So 707 is another in-house JAK
inhibitor currently being used in hidradenitis suppurativa, also a different profile to RUX, maybe in terms
of more relative JAK1 effect versus JAK2. And it's good you bring this up because there's a spectrum of
disease, if you will, in vitiligo that goes from mild to moderate to much more severe patients, where in the
latter setting and the more severe, there may be more of a tolerance both from a patient point of view
and regulator point of view for a different risk-benefit profile and need for a "more potent" effect should
this work.

So the idea here would be to get, we think, JAK inhibition. We know from the cream is really effective
therapy, and I just showed you in my prepared remarks, 104-week data. But perhaps with an RO having
a different profile and potentially a more potent effect with albeit a different risk-benefit profile is worth
testing. And in that way, we would look after vitiligo as an entity in completeness, in a more holistic
manner and be able to offer patients both a topical treatment for their illness and then also potentially an
oral treatment for more severe settings, and that's the idea behind that.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs.

Salveen Jaswal Richter
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

On the RUX cream, could you just talk about the progress on the sales force build out here and potential
pricing strategies and updates on payer discussions? And then separately, just thoughts on -- given what
we're seeing here with competitor JAKs on the regulatory front and read-through for your class.

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Thanks, Salveen. So on the sales force, so I think what we said upfront was that the derm team, whether
it's medical affairs, sales, market access is complete. So they're all on board. They're being trained. Some
have already been trained already. The medical affairs team has been working for a long time now on
having their discussions with external experts, learning more about their preferences.

As far as the price goes, we don't talk about price at this point. But we have had ongoing meaningful
discussions with payers, including the top 3 PBMs that cover 80% of the lives in the United States.
They've been very productive. They've been very interested and impressed by the clinical data that's
been presented to them from the TRuE AD1 and 2 studies. So we're very encouraged about that. The oral
JAK inhibitors, obviously, they've been delayed, but we think the advantage of a topical JAK inhibitor like
ruxolitinib cream with the profile that it has in all atopic dermatitis patients is really an advantage for us
because of the safety and, of course, the excellent efficacy.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Michael Schmidt from Guggenheimer.

Michael Werner Schmidt
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Perhaps one on parsaclisib, where you're potentially filing for approval later this year as well. I guess my
question is, are you planning to filing all 3 indications simultaneously? What are potential gating factors
to filing? And lastly, I guess how do you think the drug will be positioned in these lymphomas, perhaps
relative to other treatment options? What has the feedback perhaps been from physicians? How they
might incorporate the drug in that treatment paradigm?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & GM of North America

Michael, it's Steven. Thanks for the question. So again, the data sets with parsaclisib in non-Hodgkin's
lymphomas are in 3 different entities: follicular lymphoma, relapsed/refractory; marginal zone lymphoma,
relapsed/refractory; and mantle cell lymphoma, relapsed/refractory.

We've updated at a few meetings now, the independently reviewed response rates, which are extremely
robust and durable and albeit in single-arm studies with long progression-free survivals. So we really like
the efficacy profile of the compound and then the tolerability with the second-generation delta inhibitors
now largely dialing out the liver effect and then acceptable profile in terms of the other effects you see
with delta inhibitors.

So the intent in the U.S. is to file all 3 indications, in follicular, marginal zone and mantle cell lymphoma
together. We still are working out the filing approaches in the other regions we operate in, in Europe
and Japan. But we feel that it has a competitive profile there as well. There's no other gating effect. It
was merely the requirement to have a year's follow-up on the last responders, which is typical in these
settings. And everything is progressing well on getting that file in, in the second half of 2021.

In terms of how we'll be positioned in lymphomas versus other options, as you indirectly alluded to, it's an
area where there's chemotherapy, there's other targeted therapy with BTK inhibitors, BCL-2 inhibitors, the
CAR-T therapies. As we early in the call said, antibody drug conjugates as well. And again, these are not --
these data sets are not first-line settings. They're relapsed/refractory settings. I think physicians will look
at the efficacy and tolerability data on its face and use it appropriately there.

There's a little bit of a cloud over the area now early on in terms of idelalisib data and some of the toxicity
seen in combination that needs to be overcome. But now with a few delta inhibitors out there showing
really robust data in B-cell lymphomas, different tolerability profiles, physicians getting used to it again,
we feel and we're hearing that people will use it appropriate to the data sets.

Operator

Next question is coming from Alethia Young from Cantor Fitzgerald.

Alethia Rene Young
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division

I just wanted to talk a little bit about how like some of the initial payer work you've done, kind of, how
they think about kind of realizing value between vitiligo and topical -- sorry, atopic dermatitis? I just
wonder if there's kind of a greater value proposition put on kind of the efficacy that has been seen so far
in vitiligo versus AD? Any thoughts you have there would be appreciated.

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

So for atopic dermatitis, the payers, the discussions we've had so far, I think it's -- the efficacy and safety
is compelling. They really think of it as a possibility of using a drug from newly diagnosed patients all the
way up to biologics. They're always asking about can they delay the use of biologics or systemic therapies.
So we're very encouraged by that.

In vitiligo, I think that it's an -- they're beginning to understand that it's an autoimmune disease, vitiligo
is, that needs to be treated. And treating with a topical therapy like ruxolitinib cream that will be safe and
effective is the best way to go. Whether one is better than the other in terms of value, it's very difficult
to say. I think that ruxolitinib cream is going to be an excellent drug for atopic dermatitis, and it could be
life-changing for vitiligo.

Operator

Our next question today is coming from Srikripa Devarakonda from Truist Securities.

Srikripa Devarakonda
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Staying on dermatology, given that we are so close to the PDUFA date and you have talked a little bit
about your launch preparedness, but I was wondering how soon after a potential approval can patients
expect to have access to the drug? What steps does that entail? Finally, once the drug launches, what
sort of metrics can we expect you to provide to us so we can understand and model the launch curve
appropriately?

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & GM of North America

Thanks, Kripa. So how soon will they have access to the drug? Right away, as soon as we possibly can get
it out. It should be just a matter of a few days before it's -- we're able to ship it out to the wholesalers,
and wholesalers can ship it out to the pharmacies. So it will be as rapidly as we possibly can, just a matter
of days, if not a week.

So what metrics can we provide for the curve? So you'll be able to follow the new Rx data and the TRx
data on a weekly basis, just like many people do for every prescription drug out there. So you'll see that.
We think there'll be a rapid uptake for the drug. Our gross to net may be impacted at the beginning, and it
will continue to improve over time, but we think that the total Rxs and new Rxs will grow week after week,
and you'll be able to follow that just like we will.

Srikripa Devarakonda
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Great. That was helpful. And then if I can sneak in one more question. Following up on the LIMBER
program, you're doing a Phase I trial with your BET inhibitor. What is the bar you have internally for you to
take it forward into Phase II with the combo? Or are you comfortable enough that you do plan to initiate
the Phase II combo in second half?

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Kripa, it's Steven. So the real bar is purely safety in the beginning. And again, just to be repetitive, we
mentioned we had this drug in the clinic a few years ago for quite a bit at multiples of the 4-milligram
dose we're now at. We are treating above 10 milligrams. And we withdrew it because of a lack of efficacy
in solid tumors, plus a safety profile around thrombocytopenia.

We then watched this field evolve, modeled -- did some modeling on the Constellation 610 compound
and worked out that a much lower dose may be effective in myelofibrosis. So we're now using the 4-
milligram dose in a Phase I just to document that safety, principally an acceptable profile in terms of
thrombocytopenia, then quickly do a smaller number of patients with ruxolitinib again to document the
safety aspect.

At that juncture, round around the end of this year, early next year, we will have choices to make which
we're not there yet, which is what you alluded to, how aggressive to be. Do we then have to repeat or
want to repeat in a Phase II proof-of-concept work or will we be comfortable enough given the arena to
be more aggressive and go straight to Phase III or registration-directed studies. And we will make that
decision once we see the safety profile of the combination.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Matt Phipps from William Blair.

Matthew Christopher Phipps
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Impressive 104-week vitiligo data shown at the recent AAD meeting. But there was a notable decrease
in the valuable patients there, some patients withdrawing from the study, I guess, reasonable given it's
a long follow-up. But if you just look at the patients that completed 104, what percentage of those were

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

responders at week 52? Just wondering if there's a bias in these response rates at week 104 by patients
not responding, being the ones that chose to withdraw from study.

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Matt, it's Steven. I'll have to get back to you on the second part of your question. I don't have in front
of me a match on the 52-week versus 104-week data. But I do want to make some points. So whenever
you have a study and you decide to lock a database, you'll just -- you'll have what's in that database at
that time. And there will be, by its nature, potentially missing data or missing visits, and that's partly what
you're seeing.

In addition, and I think you're indirectly alluding to this, when people have that degree of improvement,
they may elect for various reasons in the extension phase not to go on to the extension because they're
satisfied where they are at, at the time. These are things we have to work out, given the impressive
efficacy we see with the drug over time.

For me, the major message though is -- and there's also, sorry, one more thing I want to say. There is a
little bit of a COVID impact on the longer-term study, and people, for example, wanting to come back to a
clinic for a formal visit when it's not really needed for the primary endpoint. But what -- for me, the major
message of the study, which is really interesting in terms of the biology is you get continued improvement
over time. And we think there's a twofold effect happening there. Melanocytes are repopulating the area.
They're present there. Plus the T cell suppression is probably largely gone and could be long lived.

And you've seen this continued improvement over time, which is just fascinating. It leaves the remaining
questions to ask is when you withdraw therapy how long -- how durable that is, will treatment be needed,
et cetera. And all those experience will conduct and will be ongoing here at Incyte as we understand this
further. But it really somewhat surprised us in a good way to see that even at 2 years later, you're still
getting an increase in the rates. But your comment's noted on smaller patient numbers down the pike.

Operator

Next question is coming from Ren Benjamin from JMP Securities.

Reni John Benjamin
JMP Securities LLC, Research Division

I'd love to focus on pemigatinib for a quick second. Can you just talk us through maybe the longer-term
strategy and the other indications that you're moving forward with? And any feedback that you might
have from sales on how this continued growth, especially given the competitive environment, is going to
continue? And maybe just for Steven as a follow-up, the 2 big data points, I guess, I have written down or
L-MIND data at ASCO and the BAB data for once-daily RUX, sometime later this year, is that primarily the
main ones? Or are there other key updates that we should keep in mind?

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

So I'll answer the clinical development part of your questions. Barry will talk about the sales performance
question embedded there. So just to talk about our first indication in second-line cholangiocarcinoma,
which, as Hervé said, is now globally approved in Europe and Japan as well and our first internally
discovered global product, and then Barry showed you the excellent uptake on the launch so far in a rare
entity.

However, again, in a good way, given now there's other targets beyond FGFR2, like IDH, more and more
of these patients are getting molecularly profiled, more and more are discovering that the FGFR2 driven
and additionally, there's an awareness now beyond cholangio that one of the most common entities in
carcinoma of unknown origin is potentially cholangiocarcinoma. So that -- when that entity gets molecular
profiled and is FGFR2 driven, there's a feeling that may be cholangiocarcinoma and lend itself to treatment
with pemigatinib.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Remember, as part of our accelerated approval, we have an ongoing first-line study. So that's critical
in terms of life cycle management. It's against first-line chemotherapy in terms of gemcitabine and
cisplatinum. And if you look in other entities where you have a molecular profile that ends up being an
oncogenic driver that drives particular tumor. So look at melanoma with BRAF/MEK, et cetera, you see
this -- or even lung cancer with EGFR, you see this migration to earlier line settings in terms of a targeted
therapy. And that's the idea behind first-line cholangio plus, obviously, a very different tolerability profile
versus chemotherapy.

We have an ongoing large tumor-agnostic study that is enrolled well that looks at -- not to belabor the
molecular side of this, but fusions, rearrangements, amplifications and then any other potential driver.
And there are 3 different buckets there. And there's optionality around that as we gather the data now
to either pursue potentially a tumor-agnostic setting if there's a strong enough signal or to look at a
particular histology or 2 where there may be a driver there and then to do stand-alone work in that
setting. So those are very important endeavors to us that we'll be focusing on this year from a clinical
development point of view with pemigatinib.

We don't think bladder cancer is the way to go, as we've said on prior calls, largely because of how the
environment has changed there in terms of treatment paradigms and the use of EV earlier and earlier plus
checkpoint inhibitors. So that's the pemigatinib life cycle side, and Barry will speak about the performance
side.

Just on the data releases, that we spoke about, so as Barry said, we'll have the very important 3-year
follow-up on the L-MIND study with continued results, particularly on duration of response at ASCO. The
-- I should have said the bioavailable and bioequivalent data with ruxolitinib XR. The intent is actually to
present it in an appropriate forum -- or publish at an appropriate forum this half of the year. And then
obviously, the idea is also to -- as soon as we have it to also present the vitiligo Phase III data, incredibly
important for topical RUX. Barry will speak about the performance side of pemi.

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & GM of North America

Sure. So Ren -- yes. So we're very happy with Pemazyre's so far. I think when you launch into a tumor
type of disease area where there is no other therapies, sometimes you actually don't really know how
many patients are out there. Steven alluded to carcinoma of unknown primary. Some of those patients
may in fact be cholangiocarcinoma patients. Some of them might have the FGFR2 rearrangement or
fusion. So that's what I think we're experiencing is that there might have been more patients than our
initial assumption around 800 to 1,000 patients in the United States.

And then the duration of therapy, it turns out to be longer than perhaps we anticipated, both from the
study and from our just estimates in the regular patient population. So that's very encouraging. The
patients are getting therapy. They're getting tested, getting therapy, staying on therapy. And I think that
helps us if in fact we do have competitors in this space in cholangiocarcinoma with FGFR2 alterations
because, one, it's nice to launch first, and then it's nice to launch with an excellent drug like Pemazyre. So
we're all prepared for any competition, but we still think that patients will ultimately benefit from starting
a drug like Pemazyre with its efficacy, safety and duration of therapy that we can offer.

Operator

Our final question today is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer.

Jay Olson
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

I'm curious about your priorities for business development this year. And specifically, could you comment
on any plans to seek a commercialization partner for topical RUX in Europe?

Christiana Stamoulis
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

So in terms of the BD priorities, first of all, for us, the objectives have not changed from what we have
discussed in the past. So we continue to look for assets that would contribute to growth and diversification
in the mid-20s-plus time frame. And where we could leverage our expertise, our existing infrastructure
to develop and commercialize them. So this have remained the same. In terms of RUX cream in Europe,
as we have indicated in the past, we have -- we are in the process of determining what is the best way
forward there.

Also, from a timing point of view, we are going to be -- to wait for vitiligo data before we file for regulatory
approval. And therefore, we have a little bit more time before we finalize our decision. So we should be
finalizing it in the next few months, and we can follow up on that at that point.

Operator

Thank you. We've reached end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to
management for any further or closing comments.

Christine Chiou
Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today. We'll be available for
questions following this call. Have a great day.

Operator
Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this
time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

