Incyte Corporation NasdaqGS:INCY
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, August 03, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.74

0.80

Revenue  (mm)

686.52

705.71

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-02-2021 8:51 PM GMT

8.11

2.80

0.72

2.99

4.44

738.19

2829.77

3441.54

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.76

0.77

0.64

0.74

0.23

0.93

0.67

0.80

SURPRISE

(69.74 %)

20.78 %

4.69 %

8.11 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
INCYTE CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & GM of North
America

Christiana Stamoulis
Executive VP & CFO

Christine Chiou
Head of Investor Relations

Herve Hoppenot
Chairman, President & CEO

Marc Alan Frahm
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical
Officer

Michael Werner Schmidt
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Salveen Jaswal Richter
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Srikripa Devarakonda
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Stephen Douglas Willey
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Vikram Purohit
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

ANALYSTS

Alethia Rene Young
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research
Division

Andrew Scott Berens
SVB Leerink LLC, Research
Division

Brian Corey Abrahams
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Cory William Kasimov
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jay Olson
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Mara Goldstein
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Hello, and welcome to the Incyte Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions]
As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Christine Chiou, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Christine Chiou
Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, and welcome to Incyte Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call
and Webcast. The slides used today are available for download on our website. Joining me on the call
today are Herve, Barry, Steven and Christiana, who will deliver our prepared remarks, and by Dash, who
will join us for the Q&A session.

Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the statements made during the call today are
forward-looking statements and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our
actual results to differ materially, including those described in our 10-Q for the year ended March 31,
2021, and from time to time in our other SEC documents.

We will now begin the call with Herve.

Herve Hoppenot
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Christine, and good morning, everyone. On Slide 4. So at the beginning of the year, we laid
out several key business objectives for 2021, and we executed on a number of our commercial and clinical
goals in the first half, representing a continuation of the momentum we saw throughout 2020. We believe
these achievements, including the success of the TRuE-V and TRuE-AD program in vitiligo and atopic
dermatitis will significantly contribute to our long-term strategy for growth and diversification.

In the second quarter, our product and royalty revenues grew 17% to reach nearly $700 million. Jakafi net
product sales were up 12%, with growth driven by the return of new patient starts to pre-COVID levels.
Both Pemazyre and Monjuvi revenues increased quarter-over-quarter, up 33% and 16%, as both new
product launches continue to gain traction and royalties grew 30% to $121 million for the quarter with
Jakafi up 24% and Olumiant up 40%.

Our performance in the second quarter shows the strength of our business and our new product launches
are progressing well. We are looking forward to the second half as we await 2 important FDA decisions
in September and the potential approval of tafasitamab in Europe, following the positive CHMP opinion
received in June.

While we are disappointed by the PDUFA extension for ruxolitinib cream for atopic dermatitis and for
ruxolitinib in steroid-refractory chronic GVHD, we remain confident in the value these medicines can bring
to patients based on the robust data from pivotal programs TRuE-AD and REACH3, respectively. We will
continue to work the FDA on retifanlimab, which recently received a Complete Response Later for the BLA
submission for SCAC. Retifanlimab remains under review with the European Medicines Agency.

Moving on to our clinical development progress. In addition to the positive top line results in vitiligo and
long-term data in atopic dermatitis for ruxolitinib cream, we also announced positive Phase II data for
parsaclisib in patients with autoimmune hemolytic anemia and the achievement of bioequivalence with QD
ruxolitinib, which is on track for an NDA submission in early 2022.

Looking outside of the U.S., we have multiple growth opportunities across several markets. In the first half
of the year, Pemazyre was approved in Europe and Japan, and we have seen encouraging uptake with ex

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

U.S. sales reaching $3 million further supporting the importance of Pemazyre as a treatment for patients
with cholangiocarcinoma. NICE provided a positive recommendation for Pemazyre in the U.K.

Turning to tafasitamab in the EU. If approved, Incyte will be commercializing tafasitamab under the
brand name Minjuvi bringing the therapy to many patients in need. In Europe, 16,000 patients are
diagnosed with relapsed or refractory DLBCL each year, of which approximately 14,000 would be eligible
for tafasitamab.

Our hematology team in Europe, which was already deployed for Iclusig, are launch-ready, and we will be
leveraging resources to support the launch of tafasitamab on a country-by-country basis.

So Slide 6 shows the key business objectives that we set for the year. So first, to continue driving growth
in our current product portfolio; second, to continue to expand and diversify our revenue base through
new product and new indication launches; and third, to continue to progress our late-stage pipeline as well
as our earlier-stage program.

So with that, I will hand it over to Barry to cover the individual product performance.

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & GM of North America

Thank you, Herve. Good morning, everyone. Before we talk about our individual product performance, I
wanted to mention how encouraged we are, as we see the gradual return of patients to physicians' offices,
following a year of decreases in patient diagnosis and treatment due to COVID.

While pharmaceutical representatives' access to oncology offices is still lagging other therapeutic areas
across the industry, we are seeing that there is now meaningful improvement in rep access to in-person
meetings with oncologists. We expect these positive trends to continue and are optimistic about a stronger
recovery in the second half of the year.

On Slide 8, we show that Jakafi's sales grew 12% year-over-year to $525 million -- $529 million for the
quarter, with total patient demand increasing across all 3 of our improved indications. New patient starts,
shown by the magenta line on the chart, are now at the pre-pandemic levels, signaling more patients are
returning to their doctors and receiving the treatments they need.

Regarding Jakafi guidance, we are reaffirming our growth prospects for the year. A slight reduction in
the upper end of guidance has been made to account for the increase in gross to net due to greater
percentage of Jakafi volume ordered from 340B accounts, and the 3-month extension in the PDUFA for
ruxolitinib in steroid-refractory chronic GVHD.

We now expect Jakafi net product sales between $2.125 billion and $2.170 billion for the year. We expect
the growth of Jakafi to continue in the second half of the year with a stronger recovery of new patient
starts and the potential approval of ruxolitinib for the treatment of steroid-refractory chronic GVHD,
representing an additional growth opportunity for Jakafi. And we look forward to the FDA's decisions next
month.

Turning to Slide 9. Pemazyre continues to outpace our expectations. Product sales grew 33% quarter-
over-quarter to $18 million, including $15 million in U.S. sales as use in the second line continues to grow
and the duration of therapy continues to drive performance. Since our initial launch, 60% of patients on
Pemazyre have been second-line patients as reported by their physicians. However, in the recent survey of
physicians, who have prescribed Pemazyre, that percentage is near 80%, indicating a earlier adoption of
this therapy.

Testing rates for FGFR2 fusions or rearrangements continues to grow, and a recent survey showed that
unaided awareness of FGFR2 fusions relative to intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma increased to 61%, up
from 34% noted in the survey prior to the Pemazyre launch. We are optimistic for the second half as our
reps continue to drive awareness for FGFR2 testing and usage in the second line.

Turning to Monjuvi on Slide 10. Monjuvi sales grew to $18 million in the second quarter, representing a
16% growth over Q1. We continue to see an increasing uptake of Monjuvi in the second-line diffuse large

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

B-cell lymphoma and are seeing positive trends in new patient starts with momentum continuing as we
exited June.

As I said before, it has been a challenge to launch an injectable therapy in the midst of COVID. However,
we are seeing positive trends, including the expanded number of accounts purchasing Monjuvi, the
increase in new patient share and higher percentage of Monjuvi patients in the second-line setting.
Updated 3-year results from L-MIND were recently published, and we believe these data will help bring
greater awareness to the potential benefit of Monjuvi in the second-line setting.

I'd like to turn now our attention to ruxolitinib cream in atopic dermatitis. As we wait for an FDA decision,
we want to remind you of the high unmet need that exists for patients living with atopic dermatitis. There
are currently 5.5 million patients with atopic dermatitis over the age of 12 on prescription medications.
And yet a significant number of patients continues to experience symptoms. Based on a recent survey of
AD patients, over 40% of patients on prescription therapy experience flares at least once a week. Clearly,
the need for novel effective treatments is high.

Shifting to another survey of dermatologists. Over 70% of these dermatologists are aware of ruxolitinib
cream's development in atopic dermatitis. 85% of dermatologists separately indicated that they would be
highly likely to prescribe ruxolitinib cream to patients who are presented with a blinded safety and efficacy
profile, and itch reduction was cited as the number one treatment driver. We are confident in the data
supporting ruxolitinib cream in AD, and we look forward to the FDA's decision next month.

Now I'll turn the call over to Steven for a clinical update.

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Thanks, Barry, and good morning, everyone. Starting with ruxolitinib cream, the FDA review of the NDA
for ruxolitinib cream in atopic dermatitis is ongoing with a new PDUFA date of September 21. At the
revolutionizing Atopic Dermatitis Conference in June, 52-week data from the TRuE-AD program were
presented, showing long-term disease control with as-needed use of ruxolitinib cream.

The majority of subjects achieved clear or almost clear skin by week 8, and we saw no new safety signals
during the long-term safety period, including no adverse events suggestive of a relationship to systemic
exposure. We also recently initiated our Phase III pediatric program in an effort to expand the patient
populations, who might benefit from ruxolitinib cream.

Turning to Slide 14. We previously announced at the beginning of Q2 that the Phase III vitiligo program
had achieved its primary and key secondary endpoints at week 24. Patients were randomized to receive
1.5% ruxolitinib cream twice daily or vehicle for 24 weeks, at which point a crossover occurred from
vehicle to 1.5% ruxolitinib cream twice daily for an additional 28 weeks.

The overall efficacy and safety profile of ruxolitinib cream were consistent with previously reported Phase
II data. As a reminder, 30% of patients in the Phase II study achieved a facial-VASI75 and continued
improvement was seen through 52 weeks. With these positive outcomes, we are on track for an sNDA
and MAA submissions in the second half of 2021, and are optimistic that ruxolitinib cream may be a
meaningful treatment option for patients living with vitiligo.

On Slide 15, tafasitamab 3-year data from the L-MIND study were presented in June at the 2021 American
Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting and subsequently published in Hematologic in July. These data
demonstrated significant durable responses and reaffirmed a consistent safety profile with tafasitamab
treatment in patients with relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, who aren't eligible for
transplant.

We are particularly encouraged by the tolerability and high overall response rates seen especially in the
second-line setting, which exhibits the importance of starting therapy sooner. In addition, the study
demonstrated that subsequent treatment, including an autologous stem cell transplant and CAR-T therapy
is not precluded in patients with disease progression during the tafasitamab plus lenalidomide treatment.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

We are looking forward to the decision from the European Commission, following the positive CHMP
opinion received in June.

Turning to the next slide. Tafasitamab's clinical program continues to develop with multiple pivotal and
proof-of-concept studies to start later this year. As of today, there are 3 updates to the program. The first
being Front-MIND, which is now ongoing and enrolling patients in first-line diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.
Second, the initiation of Core-MIND, a pivotal trial evaluating tafasitamab plus parsaclisib in relapsed or
refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia based on the positive results of the COSMOS study. Lastly, we
expect to initiate MINDWay, which is our dose optimization study in relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-
cell lymphoma.

On Slide 17, the LIMBER program continues to evolve in a positive way. We presented positive once-daily
ruxolitinib bioavailability and bioequivalence data at EHA in 2021, which demonstrated bioequivalence for
area under the curve. Once-daily ruxolitinib stability testing is ongoing, and we expect to file an NDA in
early 2022. Multiple trials are ongoing, including the potential for fixed-dose combinations with parsaclisib
plus ruxolitinib, and we anticipate the initiation of the BET and ALK2 combination components of their
respective trials with ruxolitinib in the second half of this year.

Turning to Slide 18. We the results of REACH3 investigating ruxolitinib in steroid-refractory chronic graft
versus host disease were recently published in the New England Journal of Medicine. This data shows that
treatment with ruxolitinib significantly improved overall response rate in Week 24 as well as a much higher
best overall response rate versus best available therapy.

REACH3 also achieved statistically and clinically meaningful improvements in key secondary endpoints,
including failure-free survival and symptom response. With the September 22 PDUFA, we are excited at
the potential to help bring this therapy to patients living with steroid-refractory chronic graft-versus-host
disease, who currently have very limited treatment options.

Turning to parsaclisib on Slide 19. We presented Phase II data in autoimmune hemolytic anemia at EHA
in 2021, which showed high response rates and a normalization of hemoglobin levels during the initial 12-
week treatment period. Clinically meaningful improvements in fatigue related quality of life were observed,
and parsaclisib was generally well tolerated. In a disease with no currently approved treatments, we
continue our commitment to patients through the development of parsaclisib and the initiation of the
Phase III trial to start later this year.

In closing, we had a number of clinical development successes announcing positive data across multiple
programs and making significant progress within certain key development programs during the first half
of '21, and we expect an eventful second half with multiple potential approvals and additional regulatory
submissions.

With that, I would like to turn the call over to Christiana for the financial update.

Christiana Stamoulis
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Steven, and good morning, everyone. Our total product and royalty revenues for the second
quarter were $696 million, representing a 17% increase over the second quarter of 2020. Total product
and royalty revenues for the quarter are comprised of net product revenues of $529 million for Jakafi, $28
million for Iclusig and $18 million for Pemazyre.

Royalties from Novartis of $82 million for Jakafi and $2 million for Tabrecta and royalties from Lilly of
$36 million for Olumiant. The 12% year-over-year growth in Jakafi net product sales reflects higher
patient demand across all indications and a continued recovery of new patient starts as the impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic subside.

Moving on to our operating expenses on a GAAP basis. Ongoing R&D expenses of $339 million for the
second quarter increased 20% from the prior year period, primarily due to the product supply cost for
ruxolitinib cream, the progression of our late-stage pipeline and our 55% share of the global and U.S.-

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

specific development costs for tafasitamab. Excluding the $11 million impact of incremental product supply
cost for ruxolitinib cream, ongoing R&D expense for the quarter increased 16% from the prior year.

Our SG&A expense for the quarter of $169 million increased 43% from the prior year quarter, primarily
due to our investments related to the establishment of the new dermatology commercial organization in
the U.S. and the related activities to support the potential launch of ruxolitinib cream for atopic dermatitis.

Our collaboration loss for the quarter was $10 million, which represents a 50% share of the U.S. net
commercialization loss for Monjuvi. This is comprised of total net product revenues of $18 million and total
operating expenses, including COGS and SG&A expenses, of $38 million. Finally, our financial position
continues to be strong as we ended the quarter with approximately $2.1 billion in cash and marketable
securities.

As we are at the midpoint of 2021, we are taking the opportunity to update our revenue and expense
guidance. As Barry detailed earlier, for Jakafi, we are tightening the range to $2.125 billion to $2.17
billion. Based on the strong performance of Pemazyre in the first half of 2021, we are increasing the
guidance range for other hematology/oncology to $155 million to $170 million.

Finally, we are lowering SG&A guidance to $725 million to $755 million to reflect lower expenses for
ruxolitinib cream as a treatment for atopic dermatitis in the U.S. based on the PDUFA date extension.
There are no changes in our guidance for COGS and our R&D.
Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs.

Salveen Jaswal Richter
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Two for me. One is, could you just speak to what's happening on the regulatory side with regard to JAKs
and how that impacts your process here on the derm franchise? And then secondly, with the $30 million
reduction in guidance, how much of that is due to contribution from steroid-refractory GVHD versus impact
from the 340B rebates?

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Salveen, it's Steven. I'll answer your first question. So in terms of the regulatory aspects of the ruxolitinib
cream, obviously we cannot and do not speculate on what the FDA will or will not do. But we can tell you,
we have tremendous confidence in the profile of the cream, given now that we have 4 completed Phase
III studies, 2 in atopic dermatitis, 2 in Vitligo, including the long-term follow-up now for both safety and
efficacy in these studies that demonstrate no new safety concerns related to what one would expect from
any untoward systemic exposure.

The efficacy profile in atopic dermatitis that we presented before in mild-to-moderate AD is outstanding,
and the safety profile is in keeping with what I just said with the low systemic exposure of approximately
4% to 7% bioavailability compared to an oral tablet, in other words, no untoward effect seen. So given all
of that, we remain obviously extremely confident in the profile, and we look forward to that PDUFA date on
September 21.

I'll hand over the second part.

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & GM of North America

So Salveen, we don't -- we really think of it as being just a tightening, where -- as we get further in the
year, we see that the range that we had was appropriate, the low end of our range was appropriate and
the higher end of our range is tightened to what we're likely to hit. As far as the -- what affects the gross
to net versus GVHD, we actually anticipated that our gross to net would be 1% for the year, lower than
it is now -- than it seems to be now. So we're -- that's taking up a good chunk of the amount that we
reduced the top line from -- the high end of the guidance from.

Operator

Next question today is coming from Brian Abrahams from RBC Capital Markets.

Brian Corey Abrahams
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Two questions for me on Jakafi. Obviously, very encouraging to hear that new patient starts have now
returned to pre-pandemic levels. I'm curious if you're seeing any recent changes with the Delta wave
currently in the pandemic in terms of patient -- new patient diagnosis visits to physicians and new starts
as well as your ability for sales reps to engage with physicians on the extent maybe to which that shapes
your full -- your guidance?

And then secondarily, on the once-daily form, I know physicians have this perception of myelosuppression
with JAKs being intrinsically linked to spleen response and activity. So I'm just wondering how you hope to
educate physicians around the potential to have comparable efficacy with a once-daily form that may have

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

less toxicity? And is there any clinical data beyond the bioequivalence that you're hoping to deploy to help
support that education and awareness?

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & GM of North America

So Brian, this is Barry. I'll take the first part and hand the other part over to Steven. So obviously, the
Delta wave -- Delta variant is concerning. But as of now, we actually see new patient starts increasing for
Jakafi back to pre-pandemic levels. We know that sites are opening up for our rep access and actually all
of our field-based employees access to clinics, offices, hospitals. Obviously, we don't know what the future
is going to bring, but for right now, we're getting back to where we were back in the beginning of 2020.
Steven?

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Brian, it's Steven. So thanks for the question on once-daily ruxolitinib. As you sort of alluded to albeit
indirectly, the once-daily PK profile, while we demonstrated the comparability needed for area under the
curve, the Cmax as you would expect from a once-daily versus the quicker release formulation is lower.
We do think, although this is still need to be proven that, that is one of the aspects that drives, as you
were alluding to, the myelosuppression, particularly through potentially JAK2 inhibition and that there may
be less anemia with once daily.

I don't think that it's fully true in what you said, and it's more perception than reality that
myelosuppression is linked to spleen volume reduction. In fact, as you know, we see SVR35 have better
improvement in many patients who don't have any myelosuppression at all. So I think that is definitely
more perception than reality, but it's something we will have to counter.

The route we've taken for once daily in terms of approval is a bioavailability, bioequivalence route. The
forms are now in stability testing. And if stability goes well, we'll be filing that early next year. There is
no clinical data yet on outcomes in terms of efficacy or safety. That's something we would do after the
fact that we wanted to. So a very sort of "simple" BA/BE route to prove the needed are under curve
equivalents and the stability to get the approval.

Operator

Next question is coming from Marc Frahm from Cowen and Company.

Marc Alan Frahm
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

One for Steven. Just on the LIMBER program on the combinations, I mean, the monotherapy seems to
have been running for a while. I mean, is the dose escalation just being much more extensive than maybe
you thought or is it really just enrollment maybe from COVID that's kind of keeping that from being able
to advance into the combinations?

And then for Barry, the increase in 340B use, I think we've been seeing that increase over time
historically, but I guess it's accelerated in the first half. Do you think that's maybe a mix issue from COVID
or is that something that we should expect kind of going forward that that's a more permanent change as
well?

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Mark, it's Steven. So in terms of LIMBER, I mean, it's an incredibly important program to us for all the
obvious reasons, both for the company shareholder value, commercial value, but also patient value, an
unmet need here. And just to give you the different aspects. Firstly, the formulation work on once-daily
has gone really well with the outcome we desire as we just spoke about in terms of bioequivalence and
stability now and that file should go ahead in early '22, if stability is fine, which we expect it to be.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

In terms of the combination, which is what your direct question, just a reminder there, the 3 we have
internally, there's a parsaclisib combination program. That went very well. We presented the data multiple
times. Both of the studies are open. The suboptimal study in patients who've had at least 3 months of
ruxolitinib with either an inadequate spleen response or an inadequate symptom response or both and
then our randomized to continue rux or rux plus parsa is ongoing and enrolling now. And then the first-line
study of the combination is also open and enrolling now. So that program is going as well as we expected
and on track.

In terms of the earlier programs, the BET work with our BET inhibitor, we've always said we will do single
agent safety in the first half of '21 and then the combination work in the second half. And then we'll
have to make decisions on how aggressive to be in terms of a program thereafter, and we could go very
aggressively, for example, into first line if the data warranted that. There has been some COVID impact on
enrollment in all early studies across the board in oncology and hematology, but we're comfortable with
where that program is.

And then the third program ALK2, it's a different proposition, if you will, through -- we think through
hepcidin inhibition that there'll be amelioration of anemia. That is one of the main reasons patients, I'll
remind you, discontinue rux, so it will be of enormous benefit if it works there. And then not only that,
they'll be able to maintain rux adequate dosing, so there'll probably be an efficacy upside as well. And that
program, as we've always said as well, first half of this year, a single-arm safety and then combination
work second arm and then the same process, how aggressive do we want to be in terms of programs.
There, again, has been some COVID impact on enrollment in early studies, but we're comfortable with
where the programs are.

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & GM of North America

So Mark, as far as the 340B use goes, well, we have a limited controlled distribution process for Jakafi
and for Pemazyre for that matter. So our volume of 340B orders is about 11% now and the industry is
about 15%. So we think we do a pretty good job of making sure that 340B orders don't get out of control.
But we saw, for a number of years, 340B orders rising and the discounts, obviously, going back to those
institutions. And then it slowed down in this year, picked up again for a number of reasons. And some
of those are that there's more disproportionate share hospitals coming on to the 340B program, so DSH
hospitals.

And then their -- what's called their child sites, which is their satellite sites, more of those coming on as
health systems buy up oncology practices, and they do it specifically for to take advantage of the 340B
program. And then in fact, we see that some of the hospital or health systems are establishing their own
specialty pharmacies -- so they don't contract with other specialty pharmacies outside of their institution
or their health systems, so more orders are going through there. We think we forecasted going forward,
and it's built into our forecast, the correct gross to net or the amount of gross to net that's attributed to
340Bs. And so anyway, we think that we have a good system to control inappropriate orders that might
come through the 340B accounts.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Alethia Young from Cantor Fitzgerald.

Alethia Rene Young
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division

I just wanted to talk a little bit about maybe the kind of scaling down the opportunity for atopic dermatitis.
I know there's like 5.5 million people. But when you think about the initial opportunity is the uptake in
switching from Eucrisa or are there more specific population, just if you can help us kind of think about
what that initial pool might look like for modeling?

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & GM of North America

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Well, I'll try to answer that, Alethia. I think -- we think the opportunity is quite large to help patients who
have eczema, atopic dermatitis. 5.5 million is obviously those patients who are actually drug treated. As
you know, throughout the United States, it's estimated that 30 million people have atopic dermatitis, from
kids to adults. So we really believe that going from steroids up to biologics, there's a huge unmet need
there for patients with mild-to-moderate atopic dermatitis and ruxolitinib cream is just a thing for those
patients.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Vikram Purohit from Morgan Stanley.

Vikram Purohit
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So 2 from my side. First, on Monjuvi, understanding it's still relatively early days, but I was wondering if
you could comment on the duration of use you've been observing in patients that have been prescribed
Monjuvi? And secondly, going back to the QD rux program and LIMBER. So assuming that you do receive
approval following your NDA submission planned for next year, how would you envision the commercial
rollout here? Would you expect this to be an option for new patient starts or would you expect to conduct
a more aggressive switching campaign for all patients, including those that are currently on a BID
regimen? Any color there would be helpful.

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & GM of North America

So Vikram, on Monjuvi itself, so as expected, when you launch a new drug in oncology, in particular, you
end up getting patients who perhaps had multiple prior lines of therapy. So as we started off, the duration
of therapy was shorter, but expected because patients might have been older, sicker, had multiple lines of
therapy. Now we're moving into true second-line patients more and more every day, more and more new
patient starts are coming from true second-line patients, and we know that the duration of therapy will be
much longer. And I think that's why the demand is really starting to pick up now. As far as the second part
of the question, maybe Steven will take some of it and I'll try to answer the other part.

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Yes, Vikram, it's Steven. I think, as I said earlier, it's a bioavailability, bioequivalence route initially to
approval. So we won't have a whole ton of clinical data. But as we expect, with the lower Cmax profile
that there may be less anemia. So if you step back, you have a once daily, which may have a convenience
aspect to patients who want to use once daily versus twice daily use. And then you'll have a potential use
for which we may have to generate more data on patients who are more likely to experience cytopenias,
particularly anemia being more applicable to once daily.

And then just to mention because I didn't earlier that the optionality on this for fixed-dose combinations
is also really important. So for any of the combinations I mentioned earlier, parsaclisib, BET or ALK2, the
ability to do a fixed-dose combination with once daily will also be there, should we elect to do so, and
there will be a path forward there. So it has multiple aspects of value to both patients and potentially
commercially as well.

Herve Hoppenot
Chairman, President & CEO

And maybe adding something on this QD. I mean you can -- you see the treatment of myelofibrosis
evolving with a number of combinations being developed. So 3 of them by us and other companies are
also combining Jakafi with their own product, and all of them are once a day. So it's very important to
realize that when you are in the combination regimen of oral products for cancer having both once a day,
it's, in fact, a way to ensure that there is a mistake, and it is also a safety aspect of it.

So the way we see it is that assuming we are at the end of 2022 with an approved once a day, there will
be a transition of both existing patients moving to combination when it's appropriate and new patients

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

being started on the once a day. So there is a sort of a -- in our plan, there is a transition period where
the once a day we'll be basically replacing the twice a day for most of the indications in myelofibrosis.

Operator

Next question is coming from Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan.

Cory William Kasimov
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Two for me around rux cream. First, are you having to conduct and/or share any new safety analyses for
the product for the FDA ahead of the new PDUFA in September? And then secondly, can you just speak to
the anticipated timing of TRuE-AD3 evaluating rux cream in children and maybe how you see this market
opportunity for a topical relative to adults?

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Cory, it's Steven. So as I said upfront earlier, we don't comment per se on to and fro with the FDA and all
I'll be doing so now. We did say with our initial delay earlier that there was an information request that
we had given them data on that may have contributed to the delay. I think stepping back from us alone
and what the other 3 companies have communicated in the space with the oral programs, Pfizer, AbbVie
and Eli Lilly that it looks like there's quite an impact from the ongoing Xeljanz safety review from RA in the
room division, and that may be affecting actions across the class, so to speak, definitely with the other
programs. And that's as much as I can say related to the cream.

From the peds aspect, Barry spoke about, within our current mild-to-moderate 12 and above, we're
serving the majority of the population there that has the need. However, as you point out, many patients
start with atopic dermatitis at much younger ages and that's the importance of the peds program and
getting those Phase IIIs up and started already.

I won't give you the timing yet, it's a bit early, but our adult programs, as you know, accrued incredibly
well and incredibly quickly. And we have the same expectation for the peds programs, given that there's
even more knowledge now, as Barry said, of the compound. So we'll update you further once they sort of
have a little bit more momentum on them. We expect them to enroll very well and quickly.

Operator

Our next question today is coming from Michael Schmidt from Guggenheim.

Michael Werner Schmidt
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Two for me as well. On Pemazyre, that has been launching ahead of expectation in cholangio, but we
noticed that 2 additional studies here starting up in lung cancer and GBM. Could you just comment on the
opportunity in addition to cholangio for Pemazyre and the path to market perhaps in other indications?

And the second question on Monjuvi. I guess based on the U.S. experience so far, how should we think
about the potential launch trajectory in Europe, especially since you would presumably be launching into
an environment that's less impacted by COVID at that time?

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Michael, it's Steven. Thanks for the question on Pemazyre. So what we saw, we had an ongoing tumor-
agnostic program, as you know, looking at different potential biologic drivers, whether they're fusions,
rearrangements or amplifications or any other FGFR thing. And we started to see signals within that
program in glioblastoma multiforme that had a particular molecular driver and then in non-small cell lung
cancer that also had a particular molecular driver. And we elected to pull those 2 and pursue them as
standalone entity separately based on the biomarker.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

So we will work that out regulatory path now over the next few months with the regulatory agency,
define the program and the eligibility criteria and then the study will go up on clintrials.gov and give you
a little more information and granular details you want. But I will tell you, if you look at the prevalence
of whether it be FGFR2 fusions or rearrangements or in some cases, FGFR3 as well, which may be
particularly important in glioblastoma, the prevalence rates are sometimes in the single digits, 5% to
10%, sometimes a little higher. But obviously, in lung cancer, that's potentially enormous opportunity,
given the number of patients, even if you have a 5% to 10% prevalence of a particular driver.

So I can't give you more detail yet because we don't have regulatory agreement on the path, but you can
sort of see how it would pan out. It would be a molecular-defined entity within that histology rather than a
tumor-agnostic program. I'll turn the question over on the launch trajectory in Europe.

Herve Hoppenot
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, in Europe, I mean, as you know, launching a new product is happening in a sequence, not like the
U.S. where the entire country, 1 day, the product becomes available. So you can anticipate that we'll
be starting with Germany. And then from there, we will have other countries being added as we go.
Interestingly, a nice recommendation now has been obtained already. So that should accelerate the
availability in the U.K., which is very important.

And also, it's important to realize that the treatment in -- for DLBCL in Europe is not exactly following the
same path as the U.S. And I think there is a very good chance that we can see based on the data that you
know, I mean, the 3-year data was recently published, it's reaffirming the duration of response, the high
complete response rate, and I think it will have a very good chance to be used in second line very quickly
in many of these countries.

A reminder that we are really ready to launch it because we have an hematology team in place already
in many of these countries from the Iclusig franchise and the relationship with physicians, the prescribers
is already very well established. So the team is really optimistic about our ability to drive Monjuvi in --
Minjuvi in Europe quickly. And I think it will be successful.

I mean the COVID situation is very different from country to country. And frankly, it's difficult to predict
how it's going to evolve over the next few months. But I think it will be better than what we have seen
in the U.S. where we were already at the lowest point when the approval of Monjuvi in -- tafasitamab in
the U.S. took place. So everybody is fairly optimistic, everybody is prepared, and I think it would be a
successful launch.

Operator

Your next question is coming from Mara Goldstein from Mizuho.

Mara Goldstein
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

So just -- I apologize if I missed this because I missed the beginning part of the call, but are you able to
share with us the distribution of new patient starts for Jakafi according to indication? And similarly, for
Monjuvi, can you update us on the status of just also that distribution of those patients, who are being
treated in the second line versus later line of therapy? And I was also hoping that you could provide an
update on itacitinib in the second-line myelofibrosis trial, the anticipated timing of data and what the
strategy is for that drug at this point?

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & GM of North America

So Mara, all I can tell you is that new patient starts for Jakafi, for GVHD, MF and PV are all back to pre-
pandemic levels for a while there. Bone marrow transplants were down and GVHD was down, but now it's
come back strong over the last several months or even since the end of last year. MF and PV patients that
really dropped off in early spring -- in spring and early summer of 2020, all came back and just even in
the last month of June, came back to about the highest new patient start level that we've had for a long
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

time. So it's really, GVHD growth is the highest in new patient starts and then PV new patient starts after
that and then MF patients after that.

As far as Monjuvi goes, again, at least from our market research in the second-line setting, we're now the
#1 drug used for diffuse large B-cell lymphoma patients in the second-line setting in terms of new patient
starts. So that's where all of the new growth comes from and third, fourth or fifth line is falling off after
that.

Steven, itacitinib?

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Yes. Thanks for your question on itacitinib in myelofibrosis. So this is a different JAK inhibitor in terms of
its JAK inhibition profile and is relatively JAK1 selective compared to ruxolitinib, if used that as a reference.
And then in MF, as everybody is saying, there are different patient populations with different needs in
terms of their underlying phenotype and cytopenias and thrombocytopenia, et cetera.

So the idea here is potentially with another JAK inhibitor, with a different JAK inhibitory profile, with a
different PK that we'll be able to leverage some of that difference in terms of cytopenias and look for
efficacy in populations, for example, that are more thrombocytopenic than others. It's still early days
in terms of this program. So although we have quite a bit of data from earlier studies, this is now a
standalone study and we'll see how it goes in terms of enrollment and then update you further. But I
wouldn't anticipate data in the next year or so.

Mara Goldstein
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Okay. And if I also could just sneak in one more question and it's on the SG&A spending and the delay in
rux cream. And how much of that increase in SG&A spending was associated with the anticipated launch of
rux cream?

Christiana Stamoulis
Executive VP & CFO

So the adjustment that we made to the SG&A guidance is $10 million on the low end to -- at around $20
million, the high end of the range. And this is primarily or really driven by the extension, the 3-month
extension in the PDUFA for rux cream. So there are certain activities that were related, for example, to
direct-to-consumer that we are planning to do this year once we launch that now, given the timing, we
don't anticipate doing this year anymore and will be pushed up now to 2022.

Operator

Next question is coming from Jay Olson from Oppenheimer.

Jay Olson
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Can you please comment on your current thinking around European strategy for topical rux? And then on
the time line for the vitiligo submission, does the submission for topical rux in atopic dermatitis have any
impact on the regulatory filing in vitiligo?

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Jay, it's Steven. I'll take your second question first and then turn it over on the European strategy. So it
shouldn't in the bottom line. It's just a question of whether it would be an sNDA versus an NDA, right?
But the idea would be that we get the approval on the PDUFA on September 21st, and we file vitiligo as
soon as possible thereafter. They would -- and it shouldn't have any impact, particularly in the U.S.. You
can have multiple files in it once there's no issue related to that. On your European strategy, I will it turn it
over.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Herve Hoppenot
Chairman, President & CEO

So in Europe, what we are planning to do is to submit first with vitiligo indication and that should be
happening in the second half of this year, and that will give us an approval. If it's approved, that will help
on the pricing side. And that's why we are doing it in that order. It doesn't mean that we will never submit
in atopic dermatitis, but it means that we'll be setting the price first in vitiligo and then we'll have to see
what kind of data will be required to obtain a reasonable pricing in atopic dermatitis.

As you know, it has to do with comparators and the way the benefit can be evaluated compared to other
products that have a certain level of reimbursement. So the sequence will be vitiligo in second half of this
year potentially 1 year later being approved and then moving into atopic dermatitis.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our next question today is coming from Andrew Berens from SVB Leerink.

Andrew Scott Berens
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

A couple of questions from me on the commercial infrastructure you're building for the topical rux
franchise. Can you just remind us how many sales reps you're planning to hire for both indications? And
can we get an update on where you are in that process currently? And just to clarify Mara's question, was
any of the lowered SG&A guidance that you announced today related to a delay in head count reduction or
hiring?

And then as a follow-up, what percentage of atopic derm patients are treated in the community versus a
center of excellence? And then what percentage of atopic derm scripts are actually written by primary care
physicians?

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & GM of North America

So Andrew, I can tell you, our field force is fully in place. We have 120 sales representatives in the United
States, and they're up, ready to go. They're in the process of training and get to know their accounts. So
that's that. As far as the note, SG&A has nothing to do with headcount because we have them fully on
board, they're ready to go. We're anticipating the launch in September. So we're looking forward to that.

And as far as who writes what, so dermatologists for -- overwhelmingly write, at least, for the first
script anyway for drugs like rux cream or most likely Eucrisa and so forth and obviously poor drugs like
Dupixent, dermatologists are writing those. So -- and most of them are being treated in the community.
Most of dermatology patients go to their local dermatologists in their community, not necessarily academic
medical centers. We're very happy that most of the KOLs -- or all of the KOLs in dermatology are fully
anticipating the approval of rux cream and looking forward to it.

And as far as primary care goes, yes, sure, they'll write for mild steroids. Maybe they'll write a refill script,
but very little as far as our research goes that they'll be writing for rux cream, at least, currently. Now in
the years to come, as everybody sees the efficacy and safety of ruxolitinib cream, then that could change.

Andrew Scott Berens
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Okay. And how often do the most patients see their dermatologist once they're diagnosed?

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & GM of North America

Well, it varies. I'm not sure if I can give you an exact answer. Certainly, patients who have troublesome
eczema, they'll go back to their primary care physician -- their dermatologists every month, every quarter,
how many flares they have, if they're controlled by whatever medication they're currently on. Obviously, if
patients are severe and they're on biologics, they will see their dermatologist more often.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Operator

Next question is coming from Srikripa Devarakonda from SunTrust.

Srikripa Devarakonda
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Just following up on the pediatric trial in the atopic term that you recently initiated. Our KOL checks have
indicated that there could be a slightly greater hesitancy amongst parents, especially for the under 12
age group to use something like rux cream, even if it doesn't get a black box label, especially the olders
get a black box warning. Is there anything in your market research that gives you confidence that this
opportunity is worth pursuing in this population, also in the context of other competition in the pediatric
population?

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Kripa, it's Steven. I'll start and then Barry will talk about any market research. To enable the program, we
had to do a lot of work with the regulatory agencies, particularly with the FDA, to make them comfortable
that there wouldn't be any harm, so to speak, right? Remember, oral rux has now been on the market
since 2011, is used in myelofibrosis, PVR and graft-versus-host-disease and has ongoing pediatric work in
leukemia population with the Children's Oncology Group. So we have a lot of experience with much higher
exposures, if you will, of rux.

To enable the pediatric program before we got started, we had to do work around any potential on bone
harm, et cetera. And we made, obviously, the FDA comfortable and reiterating this around the world to
do it. So we -- as always, with the clinical trial, we have to have equipoise and first do no harm. And so
we're very comfortable in the profile, and it's potential to obviously have enormous benefit and hopefully
no safety signals. From a market research point of view, Barry will answer.

Barry P. Flannelly
Executive VP & GM of North America

Well, we think that rux cream could be a very good treatment for kids, let's say, 2 to 12 that have eczema,
atopic dermatitis that can't be controlled by other things. Obviously, there's a problem in those patients
who -- because they can -- their only other choice really is steroids. We find that kids don't like really to
use Eucrisa quite frankly because it burns and the topical steroids can only be used for a short period of
time. So we think once we have the clinical data for the kids between 2 and 12 that this could be a very
good option for them.

Srikripa Devarakonda
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

And I have a follow-up question on retifanlimab. The CRL for SCAC was certainly a disappointment, but
was sort of in line with -- was in line with how the AdCom panel voted. Can you maybe talk about the
strategy moving forward? I know you don't comment on discussions with FDA. But the pivotal Phase III
trial, the panel talked about the rate of enrollment, particularly. Can you comment on how things have
changed in the past few months, especially with things around COVID changing a bit?

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Yes. Kripa, it's Steven. Thank you. Yes, we were disappointed in the ODAC outcome in the 13 to 4 vote,
especially given we have done, to our knowledge, the largest study ever in squamous cell anal carcinoma
plus had addressed the HIV population, plus what we thought as you saw we presented that the activity
was in keeping with other checkpoint inhibitors in virally driven tumors. However, you saw the outcome
and we got the Complete Response Letter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

The way it works now is you work with the agency on addressing the aspects of the Complete Response
Letter, which we'll do. And again, confident in the data and hopefully lead to a -- if we make the FDA
comfortable, a resubmission around with data that will make them comfortable in the risk benefit of it.

In terms of the ongoing first-line study, again, it was presented at the ODAC. It's done with the biggest
group in the space interact. They are the ones we've done studies in this arena and actually had
documented the first-line care standard in their own study, and that study is going well. There's no
real COVID impact to that, given it's the only study in the space and it's a randomized study. So we're
comfortable where we are there.

Operator

Next question today is coming from Stephen Willey from Stifel.

Stephen Douglas Willey
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Just a couple of really quick questions on QD rux. So can you maybe just speak to any significant or
potential differences that might exist between the current version of QD rux, and I guess, the prior
sustained release version that was published a few years back? I know both were similarly on the
pharmacology side in terms of obtaining bioequivalence. So just wondering if there's any additional
differences that you would highlight between the 2? And then just lastly, curious how you're thinking about
a QD fixed-dose combination in the context of potentially sacrificing some titratability?

Steven H. Stein
Executive VP & Chief Medical Officer

Stephen, this is Steven answering your question. So it's good you bring up that older publication, which
was a single strength, a 25-milligram slow release, that is actually one of the formulations. It's just
that now we have multiple formulations. We've done the more complete work around bioavailability and
bioequivalence and obviously approved the -- have the area under the curve we need to go forward with
the submission should stability be okay. But just to be repetitive, that 25-milligram strength published a
few years ago is exactly one of the strengths we have now.

In terms of fixed-dose combinations, I don't think we'll lose optionality because we can make multiple of
them and there are different ways of providing that. And given that it's a very set strength and then for
parsaclisib, for example, there may only be 2 doses that would be needed. So you'd have the dose that's
approved and then a reduction dose. So optionality wouldn't be a problem. I don't think we'd lose any
ability for people to titrate dose in any way. We're comfortable with where it may head.

Operator

Thank you. We reach the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to
management for any further or closing comments.

Christine Chiou
Head of Investor Relations

Thank you all for the time today and for your questions. IR team will be available throughout the day for
any follow-up questions you may have, and we look forward to talking to you at investor conferences in
the coming weeks. Have a good day.

Operator
Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this
time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

INCYTE CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

