Ingersoll Rand Inc. NYSE:IR
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 04, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.47

0.57

Revenue  (mm)

1272.29

1325.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-03-2021 11:26 PM GMT

21.28

4.14

0.56

1.75

2.19

1425.62

5142.92

5509.65

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.45

0.35

0.42

0.47

0.53

0.45

0.46

0.57

17.78 %

28.57 %

9.52 %

21.28 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Chris Miorin
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Markus M. H. Mittermaier
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Hello and welcome to the Rand Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Harry and I'll be
your operator today. [Operator Instructions] And I will now hand the call over to your host, Chris Miorin,
Vice President of Investor Relations. Chris, please go ahead now.

Chris Miorin
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, and welcome to the Ingersoll Rand 2021 Third Quarter Earnings Call. I'm Chris Miorin, Vice
President of Investor Relations. And joining me are Vicente Reynal, President and Chief Executive Officer;
and Vik Kini, Chief Financial Officer. We issued our earnings release and presentation yesterday, and we
will reference these during the call. Both are available on the Investor Relations section of our website,
www.irco.com. In addition, a replay of this conference call will be available later today.

Before we start, I want to remind everyone that certain statements on this call are forward-looking in
nature and are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in our previous SEC filings, which you
should read in conjunction with the information provided on this call. Please review the forward-looking
statements on Slide 2 for more details. In addition, in today's remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP
financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable measure
calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP in our slide presentation and in our earnings release,
both of which are available on the Investor Relations section of our website.

On today's call, we will provide a company strategy update, review our company and segment financial
highlights and offer updated 2021 guidance. [Operator Instructions]

At this time, I'll turn the call over to Vicente.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Chris. And good morning to everyone. Starting on Slide 3, coming out of the third quarter,
Ingersoll Rand remains in the position of strength, demonstrating again that as a purpose-driven company,
we remain grounded in what we do and how we do it. In the environment we find ourselves in right
now, our agility, our nimbleness and using IRX for speed to execution has proven to be our competitive
advantage. Of course, global macroeconomic factors continue to be a challenge.

We're not immune to demanding supply chain inflation and labor market conditions, but we continue to
outperform on our commercial and operational commitments, and we are again raising our guidance. This
outperformance is propelled by continued organic and inorganic investments into the organization and our
comprehensive M&A-focused capital allocation strategy is fueled by our drive to create long-term value
and compound stockholder returns.

Moving to Slide 4, we remain committed to our 5 strategic imperatives, and we'll focus our remarks today
on our growth and capital allocation strategies. Before we move to those, I have 2 important call-outs. Our
strategy to deploy talent across our organization is paying off. We just concluded our second employee
engagement survey this year across all 16,000 employees globally. And I am extremely proud to share we
had outstanding participation at 91% and several of our scores improved again, placing us well above the
relevant manufacturing benchmarks in results and participation. In fact, on responses to how happy are
you working at Ingersoll Rand, we now rank in the top 10% of manufacturing organizations.

When we talk about outperforming because of our agility, nimbleness and IRX, it's because of our people.
This is our culture. We always say and continue to believe that the combination of a highly engaged
workforce coupled with an ownership mindset is a catalyst for long-term performance. The fact that our
voluntary turnover is less than 3% even in this challenging environment also speaks highly of the culture
we're nurturing and how we inspire our employees. I want to take a moment to acknowledge and thank

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

the tremendous contributions of each and every one of our 16,000 employees, without whom these results
would not be possible.

Our operate sustainably strategic imperative also highlights the speed at which our company moves. In
less than 18 months, we have been upgraded twice by MSCI, and we sit now at a rating of A. This is an
improvement from approximately the bottom 1/3 to now being in the top 1/3 of the companies rated by
MSCI. And we believe, based on our work, we will continue to see our ratings improve with the various
ESG rating providers. Great strides have been made this year to accelerate growth and allocate capital
effectively.

As we have announced, deployed approximately $1 billion towards M&A. In Q3, we completed both the
Seepex and Maximus Solutions acquisitions, and announced Air Dimensions acquisition last week. We also
announced an agreement to acquire Tuthill Pumps earlier this week. We shared our comprehensive capital
allocation strategy with you earlier in September. Along with our focus on M&A, we completed a large
share repurchase as part of KKR sale of their final equity stake in the company as well as prepayment of
the more expensive tranche of debt taken out last year during the onset of COVID. And in addition, we
initiated a quarterly dividend that began in Q4 and a new Board authorized $750 million share repurchase
program. On the next slide is a partial preview of what's to come at our November 18 Virtual Investor Day,
where we look forward to talking in more detail about the megatrends we and our customers are seeing
-- are seeking to address and how Ingersoll Rand products and services help make life better for all our
stakeholders.

Our strategy enables us to compound our contribution to addressing megatrends such as digitization,
sustainability and quality of life through organic growth enablers, where we have specific advantages. For
example, we continue to leverage our own unique and proprietary demand generation engine to drive
a holistic approach to customer buying patterns. One that has already captured over 3 million end user
contacts and allows us to generate over 200,000 marketing qualified leads per year. We also continue to
invest in our industrial IoT platform as we aim to connect or digitally enable a meaningful portion of the 5
million assets that we have identified in the field.

Moving to Slide 6. We're not unique in needing to effectively manage the challenges of the current supply
chain environment. However, our key differentiator is our ability to respond with agility and discipline
through the use of IRX to quickly and effectively minimize negative impact from challenging supply chain
conditions. I would like to specially thank our global sourcing and logistics team at Ingersoll Rand as
well as our factory buyers and planners for their tireless efforts and creative thinking using data-backed
analytics to overcome delivery gaps. We saw very early on that supply chain and logistics challenges were
going to be an important issue. So we invested in this area to guarantee that we have rigorous processes
and capabilities in place to succeed, and this has produced outstanding results.

Moving to Slide 7. We will now look more closely at our recent inorganic achievements. We signed a
definitive agreement to acquire Tuthill Pumps, which is expected to close in Q4 and Air Dimensions,
both of which will become part of the Precision and Science Technologies segment. We also closed
the acquisition of Lawrence Factor, which will become part of the Industrial Technologies and Services
segment. These 3 acquisitions are representative of the key characteristics we're targeting with our
inorganic growth strategy.

Tuthill Pumps is the second asset we have purchased from Tuthill Corporation. It is a leader in the
gear and piston pumping market, which supports the expansion of our positive displacement pump
portfolio. This is another example of a multi-generation family owned company with premium assets that
approached us on an exclusive basis because of the relationship that we have built and the opportunities
they saw for their company and employees as part of the Ingersoll Rand family.

This is another testament to how our unique approach to employee ownership allows us to be at the front
line in M&A. Air Dimensions is a market leader in gas diaphragm pumps, which is complementary to our
existing lab and life science businesses and is specialized for environmental applications like emission
monitoring and biogas. It has an impressive pre-synergy EBITDA margins of over 50% and more than
70% of its revenue comes from like-to-like replacement of original equipment and aftermarket parts.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

We also closed the acquisition of Lawrence Factor, which will reside in the ICS segment. Lawrence Factor
is a great example of an acquisition that is well aligned with our company purpose of making life better as
the technology ensures safe work and play activities for people who depend on compressed air and gas
through the proprietary air sampling and aftermarket offerings. All 3 of these acquisitions were valued
on attractive purchase multiples and our synergy execution is expected to deliver mid-single-digit post-
synergy realization by year 3, in line with our disciplined pre-deal screening process.

I will now turn the presentation over to Vik to provide an update on our Q3 financial performance.

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Vicente. Moving to Slide 8, we continue to be pleased with the performance of the company in Q3.
We saw a strong balance of commercial and operational execution fueled by the use of IRX to overcome
a challenging inflationary and supply chain constrained environment. Our commitment to deliver $300
million in cost synergies attributable to the Ingersoll Rand Industrial segment acquisition remains intact
as we continue to drive performance on productivity and synergy initiatives using IRX as the catalyst.
Total company orders and revenue increased 37% and 19% year-over-year, respectively, driven by strong
double-digit organic orders growth across each segment. Compared to 2019, as reported, orders in Q3
were up 27% and 16% on a quarter-to-date and year-to-date basis, respectively, highlighting the strong
performance of our business irrespective of the COVID-impacted 2020.

Our orders and revenue in the quarter were records for the company, eclipsing Q2 and setting us up well
as we move into Q4. The company delivered third quarter adjusted EBITDA of $314 million, a year-over-
year improvement of $62 million and adjusted EBITDA margin of 23.7%, a 110 basis point improvement
year-over-year. Adjusted free cash flow for the quarter was $307 million after taking into account the
unique items as pointed out in the slide. Total liquidity of $3.1 billion at quarter end was up approximately
$0.7 billion from prior year. This now takes our net leverage to 1.3x, a 1.2x improvement from prior year.

Turning to Slide 9. For the total company, orders increased 33% and revenue increased 17%, both
on an FX-adjusted basis. Overall, we posted a strong book-to-bill of 1.13x for the quarter. We remain
encouraged by the strength of our backlog moving into Q4, which is up approximately 40% from the
end of 2020. The IT&S and P&ST segments both saw year-over-year improvements in adjusted EBITDA.
EBITDA margin in ITS improved 150 basis points, while the PST segment margin declined 100 basis
points, driven by the impact of the Seepex and Maximus Solutions acquisitions, both of which closed in
Q3. When adjusted to exclude the impact of the Seepex and Maximus acquisitions, PST margins increased
by 20 basis points.

Finally, corporate costs came in at $35 million for the quarter, up year-over-year primarily due to higher
incentive compensation costs as well as targeted commercial growth investments in areas like demand
generation. We expect corporate costs to remain elevated at comparable levels in Q4 due to the same
drivers.

One other item of note is the adjusted tax rate, which came in at 10% for the quarter and stands at
15% on a year-to-date basis. The adjusted rate is benefiting from our tax restructuring efforts that
we've outlined before and specifically a few nonrecurring impacts driven by our movement of IP and
implementation of a royalty structure as well as the utilization of carryforward foreign tax credits. As a
result, we do expect the adjusted rate for the year to be in the mid-teens. But as we look ahead to 2022,
we would expect the rate to be back in the low 20s due to the nonrepeat of some of these items.

Turning to Slide 10. Free cash flow for the quarter was $131 million on a continuing ops basis, driven by
strong operational performance across the business and prudent working capital management. CapEx
during the quarter totaled $15 million, and free cash flow included $6 million of synergy and stand-
up outflows related to the IR merger. In addition, free cash flow also included $220 million in cash tax
payments related to the capital gains realized due to divestitures of the HPS and SVT segments.

Finally, free cash flow also included a $49 million payment from Trane Technologies for post-closing
adjustments related to the IR merger. Excluding these 3 items, adjusted free cash flow was $307 million.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Leverage for the quarter was 1.3x, which was a 1.2x improvement as compared to prior year. Total
company liquidity now stands at $3.1 billion based on approximately $2 billion of cash and over $1 billion
of availability on our revolving credit facility.

Liquidity decreased by $1.6 billion in the quarter as we executed our capital allocation strategy by buying
back $731 million in shares as part of KKR sale of their remaining equity stake, strategically deployed
nearly $600 million to M&A and prepaid approximately $400 million in debt to remove the tranche of debt
taken out during the onset of COVID-19, which carried a higher interest rate. We maintain considerable
balance sheet flexibility to continue our portfolio transformation strategy through M&A, coupled with
targeted internal investment to drive sustainable organic growth. I will now turn it back to Vicente to
discuss the segments.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Vik. Moving to Slide 11. In our Industrial Technologies and Services segment, revenue was up
14%. The team delivered strong adjusted EBITDA up 26% year-over-year and an adjusted EBITDA margin
of 25.5%, up 150 basis points year-over-year with an incremental margin of 33%. Organic orders were up
31%. Starting with compressors, we saw orders up in the high 30s percent. A further breakdown into oil-
free and oil-lubricated products shows orders for oil-free up over 50% and oil-lubricated up over 30%.

In the Americas, orders in North America were up mid-20s, while Latin America was up high 40s. Mainland
Europe delivers strong performance up high 40s, while India and Middle East saw continued strong
recovery with order rates up in excess of 70%. Asia Pacific continues to perform well with orders up high
30s, driven by strong mid-50% growth in China, a mid-single-digit decline across the rest of Asia Pacific.
In vacuum and blowers, orders were up low 30s on a global basis, with strong double-digit growth across
each of our regions.

Moving next to power tools and lifting, orders for the total business were up mid-20s and saw continued
positive growth, driven mainly by our enhanced e-commerce capabilities and improved execution on
new product launches. We will also like to highlight 1 of the many ways that we enable our customers
to become more sustainable. Our LeROI gas compressors are used to capture biogas emitted from
landfills, dairy farms and wastewater facilities. As the gas is emitted, the system captures the gas, cleans
the methane from other gases such as hydrogen sulfide and carbon dioxide and our LeROI product
compresses the methane for reinjection into pipelines or storage for power generation, both of which
enable the customer to capture additional economic value.

The compressor enables to capture up to 50% of the emitted biogas, whereas without it, 100% of the gas
will be released into the atmosphere. Our significant installed base of 25,000 units will help capture 240
million cubic feet of biogas in the next 2 years. Technologies such as these across our portfolio enable us
to advance our ESG impact, not only with the steps we're taking internally to reduce our carbon footprint,
water and energy usage, but also create significant value for our customers from both sustainability and
economic perspective.

Moving to Slide 12. In the Precision and Science Technologies segment, revenue was up 10% organically,
which remains encouraging given the tough comps due to COVID-related orders and revenue in Q3
of 2020 for the medical business. Additionally, the PST team delivered strong adjusted EBITDA of $76
million, which was up 17%. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 29.7%, down 100 basis points year-over-year,
driven by the impact of Seepex and Maximus Solutions. And again, the segment was up 20 basis points
excluding the impact of those acquisitions.

Overall, organic orders were up 25%, driven by the ARO and Milton Roy product lines and the Medical and
Dosatron businesses, which serve lab, life sciences, water and animal health end markets. All of these
businesses were up double digits in the quarter. Incremental margins were up 25% as reported and 33%
when excluding Seepex and Maximus. In this segment, we would like to highlight the momentum our
Haskel hydrogen solutions business continues to build to making life better through a more sustainable
world.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

We have announced a long-term agreement with Hiringa refueling to supply high-capacity hydrogen
refueling stations for a nationwide green hydrogen network across New Zealand. Hiringa has placed the
first order of 4 stations with a total commitment of 24 stations to be provided through 2026. The totality
of this frame agreement alone will double our Haskel hydrogen refueling business on a revenue basis.
We're incredibly excited about this partnership. And as we spoke about last quarter, the investments
we're making to expand our technologies and manufacturing capabilities in this high-growth markets are
producing meaningful growth.

Moving to Slide 13. Given the company's performance in Q3 and continued strong outlook, we're
increasing guidance for 2021. Our guidance excludes both the divested High Pressure Solutions and
Specialty Vehicle Technologies segment, as well as the pending acquisition of Tuthill Pumps. However,
Seepex, Maximus Solutions, Air Dimensions and Lawrence Factor are included in our guidance. Our prior
revenue guidance was up mid-teens on a reported basis, comprised of low double-digit organic growth
across both of our segments. We're now guiding up high teens in total with low double-digit growth,
organic growth across both segments. This reflects an approximately 100 basis point increase in organic
growth for the total company as compared to prior guidance. FX is expected to continue to be low single-
digit tailwind. M&A was previously expected to contribute approximately $60 million in revenue, but given
the closed acquisitions of Maximus, Seepex, Air Dimensions and Lawrence Factor, we're increasing that
expected contribution to $135 million.

Based on these revenue assumptions, we're increasing 2021 adjusted EBITDA guidance to $1.175 billion
to $1.195 billion, which represents a $20 million improvement from prior guidance at the midpoint of the
range. In terms of cash generation, we expect adjusted free cash flow to adjusted net income conversion
to remain greater than or equal to 100%. CapEx is expected to be approximately 1.5% of revenues. And
finally, we expect our adjusted tax rate for the year to be in the mid-teens for the reasons Vik provided
earlier.

Turning to Slide 14. We're very excited about our upcoming Virtual Investor Day, which is fast approaching
and will be held on November 18. We look forward to outlining our long-term growth strategy fueled by
alignment with megatrends and compounded by our organic growth enablers. We will provide detail on
our markets and technologies and further discuss how our strong talent, operational execution, demand
generation and M&A capabilities, coupled with a sustainable growth mindset creates incredible competitive
advantages for our company.

We will also outline future financial targets. You can register for the event using the link on Slide 14, and I
look forward to seeing many of you on the webcast.

Moving to Slide 15. As we wrap up today's call, I want to reiterate that Ingersoll Rand is in an outstanding
position. 2021 is poised to be a great year despite the challenging environment. To our employees, I
want to again say thank you for your relentless efforts to execute and solve top problems throughout
the quarter. They are absolutely appreciated and it is apparent in our company's performance. We are
actively investing to deliver outpaced growth, both organically and through M&A to continue increasing
the quality of our portfolio. We continue to take our role as a sustainability-minded industry leader very
serious, and our employees eagerly embrace IRX to put us in that leadership position. We're proud of
the transformation we have achieved at Ingersoll Rand and are excited about the future opportunity to
compound growth and deliver increased value to all of our shareholders.
With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator and open for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Mike Halloran from Baird.

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

So let's start on the guide and how you guys are thinking about the fourth quarter coming up here. Sales,
obviously, you feel good about what the demand conditions look like. You're layering on some acquisitions
here. 3Q was a good quarter in terms of performance. It feels like maybe the margins on an organic basis
are a little lower than what the sequential trend would imply. So maybe some commentary on how you're
thinking about that as you move into the fourth quarter and certainly correct me if I have the wrong
assumption there.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Mike. So our guidance, as you heard, is taking the midpoint of our prior guidance up by $20 million.
You can think about it being 2/3 M&A and 1/3 is organic. In this current environment, we continue to be
prudent based on all the overall supply chain environment kind of noise or situation that you hear out
there. In addition, just to point out, ITS margins in Q4 2020 were up 400 basis points, reaching 26%
margins. What our guidance here implies is that even with all the inflation, discretionary spend, increases
and investments, we're going to be kind of flattish in margin expansion year-over-year, which speaks
to all the great actions that the teams continue to execute and put that segment to a very solid margin
performance in this environment, we believe.

And PST margins for the core business, which is kind of excluding the M&A that we said is EBITDA
decretive, but gross margin accretive and some of the accelerated hydrogen investments that we're doing
based on that frame order that we just received, the EBITDA margin profile still is in the 30s kind of range,
which we view as quite healthy given the tough comps from medical shipments in 2020 as well as the
inflation and discretionary investments that we have done here in 2021 and still do -- plan to do in the
fourth quarter. So we feel good about that. And at the same time, prudent in terms of how we see supply
chain out there.

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

So if I'm hearing you right, you're not implying that the market headwinds accelerate for you on the
margin line 3Q to 4Q in terms of supply chain, logistics, labor, transportation expenses, things like that?

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Mike, I wouldn't -- no, I think what Vicente saying is exactly in line with kind of how you're
interpreting it. Clearly, obviously, a lot of those same headwinds persist into Q4. But like we've been
doing, we think we've kind of taken prudent pricing actions to kind of remain in line with offsetting those
headwinds much like you saw in Q3. So I think in that respect, we see Q4 fairly comparable to Q3 in terms
of price mitigating the inflationary risk.

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Got you. And then on the order side, obviously, really strong orders, good to see. Maybe some thoughts
on what types of orders those are, are those more short cycle in nature? Is this just a kind of MRO short-
cycle type move? Or are you starting to see some project or CapEx type orders coming through the funnel
as well? Obviously, you highlighted the hydrogen, but I'm thinking a little bit more broadly.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I think, Mike, we're seeing kind of both. We see sustained momentum on the short cycle. And
actually, what we see is long cycle kind of accelerating as some projects are getting released. The
hydrogen being one, but others like the biogas is a very substantial project too as well. So I think we're
pretty pleased with what we're seeing. At the same time, I can tell you that we're -- with the level of
technologies that we have across our portfolio, you're going to hear a lot more about this during the
Investor Day is how we're able to pretty quickly reallocate technologies to some of those end markets
that are seeing some meaningful growth. And I think with the level of agility that we have in our business
is positioning us really well to capture the tailwind from any of those markets and continue to see that
continued sustained momentum in the order rates.

Operator

Our next question is from Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So maybe just staying with orders, obviously, clearly incredibly strongest quarter. I'm just curious,
are you starting to hear just more CapEx decisions being made, Vicente, where your customers are
looking to deploy a little bit more CapEx in this environment just given the supply chain has been fairly
unprecedented and what we're experiencing today? Or is this predominantly still a lot of OpEx that's
coming through there?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Joe, we're definitely hearing a lot more on the CapEx too as well. And when we hear about CapEx, it really
has to do with ESG and sustainability. And I think it's exciting to see that a lot of -- all the technologies,
I mean, the majority of our technologies are kind of enablers and beneficiary for ESG. And I think the
exciting thing here is that compressors can reduce energy consumption, and you can see how energy has
really radically increased across Mainland Europe and even also China. So with the compressors, blowers
and vacuums, we have always spoken a lot about our energy efficiency. And so I think customers are
starting to make the move based on the targets that they set up themselves to be by -- achieving by
2020 -- 2030 and 2050. So I think a lot of this is really seeing some -- is going to see some continued
momentum in my view.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. And I guess, just maybe if you could just kind of parse out the pricing commentary
a little bit more. I'd be curious to hear like how positive the price/cost equation was this quarter, what the
expectation is through the end of the year? And then as we head into 2022, should we continue to see like
a pretty decent price/cost benefit coming through your numbers?

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Sure, Joe. I'll take that one. So in the context of Q3, price realization was a little bit in excess of 3%
across the entire enterprise, which obviously speaks to the healthy performance and frankly, the proactive
measures that, frankly, all of our business has taken. Pricing did slightly outweigh inflation in Q3. So we
were price/cost positive in the context of Q3. We would expect to be fairly comparable to that equation in
Q4. Now it is worth noting, obviously, that not unexpectedly, inflation, obviously, headwinds have risen in
the second half of the year compared to the first half. We always expected that, and that's why we kind of
got ahead a lot of the pricing actions.

So again, I think we're quite pleased with the performance and the momentum that we're seeing. As we
think about 2022, I think, frankly, a little bit too early to start guiding on numbers just yet. But obviously,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

we would expect to see healthy carryover on the pricing actions. I'd say the majority of the pricing actions
that we have taken are list price oriented. So obviously, it should be inherently a little bit stickier. But
obviously, we do obviously have some carryover inflation that we will be dealing with into 2022 as well. So
we'll reserve commentary just yet on the price/cost equation into 2022, but I think we're quite encouraged
by the actions the team have taken to still say price/cost positive in the context of the second half of this
year.

Operator

Our next question is from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

I just want to tack on the back of that question, inflation. Just how do you define inflation? Do you just
look at the direct input costs, the materials? Or is that labor and a broad definition, including freight?
So that would be interesting to hear. But just curious on -- obviously, the order is very strong. Can you
maybe talk about where we are on the revenue synergy capture from the merger? Obviously, you put
together a much more balanced portfolio, some clear synergies across the products. So just wondering if
some of this order strength has seen some of those synergies come through?

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Nigel, I'll take the first one, and I'll let Vicente speak to the second one on the revenue synergies.
On the price/cost, specifically on the cost comments that I made, the inflationary numbers that I was
speaking to really are what we'll call direct material and logistics or freight. Obviously, we, of course,
measure and look at what I'll call labor inflation. The reality is labor inflation has been, frankly, largely in
line with our expectations the majority of this year. So again, while we do look at it, the commentary that
I made was specifically around price versus what we'll call direct material and logistics. And I think 1 thing
that we're quite pleased with and Vicente mentioned it here is, quite frankly, yes, while labor is -- we're in
the same labor environment that everyone else is, we've been really pleased with our retention rates and
our very low voluntary turnover, which I think Vicente spoke to in the prepared comments, speaks very
highly of the culture and a lot of the employee engagement and ownership initiatives that we've put forth.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. And Nigel, on the second question around the orders in terms of revenue synergies coming from the
transaction, yes, we're seeing -- we're definitely seeing some of that. You're going to hear more on some
of the case studies that we will show you during the Investor Day. But clearly, we're very pleased with how
our oil-free compressor product line is moving. Our air treatment. So a lot of good momentum that with a
lot of the products that we have launched and through the multichannel, multibrand strategy that we have
on a global basis is really giving us some good tailwinds on that.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

And secondly, on the Investor Day, you said longer-term targets. Just wondering, are we looking here at
sort of 3-year targets, but not 2022?

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

That's correct. We'll be talking about, we'll call it, 2025 targets in the framework to think about, and then
we will formally guide 2022 when we do our next earnings call.

Operator

Our next question is from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Maybe just coming back 1 more on cost also. I would have guessed actually you might need more than
3% price to offset inflation. So I'm just wondering if in that direct materials, I would assume you are
including your kind of sourcing and merger-related benefits. I'm sure it gets harder and harder to kind of
separate those with the passage of time. But maybe just update us where you're at on that and what role
that's playing in helping you kind of battle the inflation here?

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Jeff, just to be clear and put a finer -- kind of finer point on it, the pricing number you're going to see
in the queue when it's issued tomorrow, right around 3.4%, 3.5% kind of net across the entire enterprise,
fairly comparable numbers between ITS and PST. And in the context of what I was speaking to in terms
of that covering inflationary headwinds, we're not incorporating, let's call it any of the merger-related
synergies or anything of that into that equation. You're right, it does become a bit of a score keeping
exercise, but we've been pretty disciplined and prudent to keep those buckets separate in terms of how
we actually manage and run the organization. So things like some of the direct material productivity
or some of the innovative value, those are kind of separate. And I will say, as we kind of said at the
beginning of the call, we're still on track to deliver the kind of the year 2 synergies as part of the merger,
which was the $100 million number that we committed to.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

That's great to hear. And then just on the new M&A, you gave us the kind of total additional revenue
contribution. But would you mind just ticking through those 3, what the kind of annualized revenue of
each 1 of those are?

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. I can absolutely do that. So in terms of the 3 acquisitions that we've kind of spoken to here, which
are Air Dimensions, Tuthill Pumps, and Lawrence Factor, Air Dimensions is a low double digit, right around
$10 million to $12 million in annualized revenue. The Tuthill Pumps is in the mid-20s in terms of -- 25-
ish is probably a good or to use. And Lawrence Factor is relatively small. It's about a $6 million purchase
price, which is actually very comparable to the revenue base, mid-single digits, about $5 million. But very
exciting technology on air sampling and aftermarket offerings that we think we can leverage very highly
within our ITS portfolio.

Operator

Our next question is from Julian Mitchell from Barclays.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe just circling back on sort of aggregate incremental margin or operating leverage. So it's running in
the sort of mid-20s firm-wide, I think the back half of this year. Understand the cost constraints and new
acquisitions coming in affecting that. But as you sort of look at next year, how quickly, I guess, do we see
that operating leverage sort of move back into the 30s -- do you think? Do you think that's something that
can happen sort of fairly quickly? Or it's just too early to tell, given these acquisitions have just come in
and given the cost environment is moving around quite quickly?

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I mean I think that the latter part of your statement is probably true. I think, obviously, we're
working through our views on 2022 and the kind of annual budgeting process as you would expect right

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

now. So I think it's a little too early to call. I think the view right now is the first half of 2022, obviously,
we're still going to be facing some of the same dynamics we're facing now with regards to some of the
inflationary headwinds. And obviously, we have the pricing momentum to continue to offset some of that,
if not all of that. And then frankly, yes, we will be continuing to integrate a lot of those acquisitions. So I
think given -- the carryover price as well as the continued inflation in the 2022.

And then, frankly, the synergy expectations for the base business because we shouldn't forget that we
still have the kind of the third year of the merger-related synergies and as well as the kind of integration
action on the acquired assets. We would expect to continue to see that trend improve as we move through
2022 based on kind of what we can see now and get kind of more kind of closer to a, let's call it, that 30-
ish percent type number that we've been seeing across the segment, if not a little bit healthier. But I'd say
right now, specific timing and exact cadence is something we're working through. And I think we'll give a
bit more color as we do our next earnings call and formal guidance for 2022.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

And then just on the capital deployment. So yes, about $1 billion of deployed sort of M&A funds this
year. Maybe when you look at sort of across those acquisitions, you can call out 1 or 2 specific ones, I'm
more interested in maybe the total deployment. What do you think the 3- or 5-year return sort of metric
should be on that $1 billion or so that you have deployed? And if there's maybe 1 or 2 acquisitions in
particular where you think the margin expansion should be above average now that they're -- or once
they're integrated into Ingersoll?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I think Julian, we should definitely expect to see that kind of low double-digit to mid-teen ROIC return
on this transaction. We always said that, that is a financial criteria that we have in our deals. We're still
finding great transactions that are highly complementary from technology, commercial acumen and all
that and still be able to provide a good financial outcome based on a lot of the post-synergy activities that
we can do.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

And then any sort of color, Vicente, on specific transactions that you think offer above average sort of
margin expansion scope?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Well, I mean, one that I'll say comes to mind right now for sure, Seepex. I mean, Seepex, when we
acquired Seepex, we said that, that was in kind of the mid-teens EBITDA, but we see that business to
be way like a segment level to PST. So I mean that is a tremendous margin expansion. Also on the ITS,
the recently signed transaction on Tuthill Pumps, when you think about the prior Tuthill, I mean, it was a
phenomenal margin expansion. So we still expect that to see some good momentum on expanding that.
So I think really across the board in a lot of these transactions, we expect to see some good meaningful
expansion. I mean, clearly, when you look at Maximus, that is already acquired at PST segment level,
more difficult than that. And also, Air Dimensions that is in the 50s, more difficult to continue expanding
on that. And those tend to then focus more on the organic growth opportunities that we see as we look
into our commercial global footprint to expand the growth there.

Operator

And our next question is from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Vicente, you've really been pushing hard into some of these newer markets over the last couple of years,
lab, life sciences, water, animal health. It's obviously leading to that 35% order growth and 20% revenue
growth in PST that you saw. If we look back and Gardner Denver or Medical business, it averaged, I think,
something like mid-single-digit growth. But given the sort of niche focus of PST and what seems like
higher growth markets, is it fair to say that PST could average higher than mid-single digits as you go into
'22 and beyond?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, absolutely. I think we feel really compelled on that. I mean I think as you said, all the investments
that we're doing are paying off in terms of redirecting into these kind of very niche markets and
commanding some good strong leadership positions, launching a lot of new products. You're going to
hear a lot more about that also on the Investor Day on how the cadence of new product has just been
accelerated dramatically. Even during the COVID days, the team accelerated the new cadence of product
development, and we're seeing that come through fruition here now and into next year.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Great. And then maybe a little bit more color into what's going on regionally for you guys, particularly
in China, it looks like you had really strong compressor growth in China. And I know it's 1 of your key
initiatives for the combined company, but the rest of APAC orders were down a little bit in compressors. So
maybe just talk about regionally what's going on, particularly in Asia?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I mean I think we're incredibly pleased with how the team continues to execute in Asia Pacific and
particularly in China. And what we saw quarter-over-quarter, Q2 to Q3, we saw actually the momentum
of orders really accelerate in China, which is kind of contradictory to some of the things that you hear out
there in the company. So it speaks to a lot of the self-help initiatives that the team is doing. We spoke
about relaunching the Gardner Denver compressors, which obviously has proven to be a tremendous
success into -- and that was something that we always said we were super excited about the combination
of Ingersoll Rand and Gardner Denver because we can have a multi-brand, multichannel strategy,
particularly in China.

And the team has just done a phenomenal job leveraging the I2V initiative and action to then relaunch
an entire product portfolio with Gardner Denver. And the second piece is blows and vacuums. Blows and
vacuums was a fairly small piece in China. And again, I think the team is putting a lot of good dedication
and localizing and really penetrating some of the end markets that we have seen are good in terms of
applications in other regions. The rest of Asia Pacific, I can now maybe split it between emerging and
developed -- developing like Australia, for example. And that still continues to perform fairly well. Where
we saw maybe a little bit of softness was on the emerging, maybe countries like Vietnam or Philippines
was creating a lot of shutdown due to COVID. But again, that's a fairly small portion of our business,
therefore, the China overcoming some of the decline still drive meaningful growth in the quarter for Asia
Pacific.

Operator

And our next question is from Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research.

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

Vicente, I'd love to hear if you have any more color on how IRX was applied to supply chain issues that
maybe rose and prominent through the quarter. I don't know if you -- you expect the quarterly cadence
upper or also added to the process in any way? And then maybe just the outflow of that. We had a few
unexpected cost surprises across industrial this quarter, you guys avoided that entirely. I'm curious if you

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

think that the risk of unexpected surprises is kind of 0 because you've got a handle on it or whether it
lasts another few months, whether you see more and more issues pop up that you have to deal with or
whether it's stable, just a general outlook on supply chain over the next couple of quarters, if you would?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Absolutely. Great question there. I mean -- so I can tell you that definitely, things will continue to
pop up. And even though clearly, based on the results, you can see how we have overcome. It really
speaks to a lot of the great work that everyone is doing, and I will say great work supported by IRX of the
process and the tools that we use. So we have definitely leveraged the IRX tool. As you know, it's a very
high cadence, high-touch mechanism that we use to just accelerate how we execute and we prioritize the
teams to the critical items. And that has allowed us to create this massive agility and nimbleness even
though, obviously, we're fairly large global company and allows us to really redirect the teams to the top
priorities that are happening out there.

So for example, we leverage IRX when logistics was a major issue. And you could go, say, for example,
into a factory, you can see how IRX tool we were leveraging to track the backlog of containers that we
needed to fulfill and acquire, as an example. I mean as simple as that could be. And now we're leveraging
the IRX -- IRX to prioritize the suppliers and the commodities that we need to go after. And again, that
daily, weekly cadence of ensuring that the teams continue to see a good momentum and good perspective
is really what's giving us the outcome that you see here. So I think as we continue -- I mean, we think we
live in a very dynamic world that we'll continue to see some maybe challenges. And -- but that's why we
have always said that agility and nimbleness is going to be a core competitive advantage, follow through
the use of IRX as a tool to really execute is just giving us that great sense of comfort zone that the teams
will be able to continue to perform well.

Operator

Our next question is from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just a question on -- just, I guess, a question on compressor orders. I understand there's some virtuous
cyclicality going on there. But any idea of where those stand on kind of a historical basis? Like are we
at all-time highs on compressor orders today? Obviously, there's a lot of new pieces in the portfolio and
combination. And what do you think the market has done sort of relative to you guys? Because apparently,
there is a recovery going on, but I would imagine that with some of the IRX tools, you're gaining a lot of
share as well.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Josh, I think in terms of compressor orders, we're definitely way above 2019 levels. And one could
think that it could be at a record level. We haven't done and gone backwards to with the combined
companies to really reassess this is record levels or not, that we haven't done that. I mean we're just
focused on continuing to execute and take solid market share. So I think in terms of against what we see
in the market, I think we continue to position ourselves as a premium provider of compressor products.
You see that we're focused not only on the growth, but also on the profitability. So we believe in profitable
growth is one of our key drivers and enablers for us.

And with the unique differentiation that we're launching in terms of technologies that reduce total cost
of ownership and great energy reductions, I think that is what position us really well to continue to take
some share and continue to launch products that help with that. I mean 1 example, the team in Europe,
the CompAir team just launched a new compressor, very large -- fairly sizable compressor that some
radical new technology and it is one of the most efficient compressors of that size and power in the market
today. So a lot of continued innovation is really what is driving the momentum in my view. And because

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

we're able to deliver some differentiated value to the customers, then we're able to continue to command
the price positioning that we have in the market.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. And I guess maybe just following up on that last comment on kind of the pricing
power and the pricing to value. It seems like steel could start to be coming down here. I can't help but
notice the average Ingersoll Rand product, particularly in the ITS portfolio has an awful lot of ferrous
content in it. If steel prices, say, got cut in half, what sort of kind of cost tailwind would that be to you
guys? Because I would imagine that pricing stays fairly sticky in that environment.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Great point there, Joshua. Definitely, pricing very sticky. And so as we look forward and commodities
continue to get stabilized, yes, we should see that margin progression to even accelerate. I mean not
only from the commodity, but also as we continue to execute a lot of the I2V initiatives that we have in
our funnel. So I think we're overcoming the current market situation fairly well, in my opinion, again,
thanks to the team and leveraging the tools that we have like IRX. But as this current inflationary market
continue to subside, at some point in time in 2022, we should see earnings power to accelerate.

Operator

Our next question is from Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank.

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

So we've been through a lot here, but I guess I just have a few pretty brief ones. First, just a clarification.
I think you talked about, Vik, like 30% PST margins in the fourth quarter, but that was organic. Is the drag
from M&A expected to be pretty similar to 3Q? I know you have some more deals folding in, in the fourth
quarter?

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

That's correct. Yes. Just to be clear, that's 30% on what I'll call the base business. Obviously, the overall
-- because you're going to have a -- you have a full quarter now of the acquisitions, primarily Seepex,
which you only had 1 month in the Q3. So the overall margin profile for PST, it will be dilutive. Obviously,
upfront here, you're thinking kind of more in the upper 20s range. I think that's probably a -- a probably
decent proxy. So it will be a little bit more dilutive than the impact you saw discretely in Q3 just because
of the full quarter impact of Seepex. But to Vicente's point here, the good news on Seepex is that's a
gross margin accretive business. So obviously, there's a meaningful synergy opportunity that admittedly,
you're going to see us start to execute on very shortly here into 2022 onwards.

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Got it. And then secondly, on the synergy profile. So I know no change to the $300 million full run rate
synergies. But are you guys still expecting to do about $50 million incremental in 2022? I'm just thinking
about all the big puts and takes in the walk into next year.

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Definitely a lot of puts and takes. But Nicole, at this point, that's correct. Just to kind of recalibrate $115
million was delivered in 2020. We expect $100 million this year, $50 million next year and then the tail,
which would be $35 million into 2023. At this point in time, nothing has really changed in terms of that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

phasing. And clearly, as we move into 2022 and onwards, I'd say I2V and the footprint components of that
equation are probably the more prominent drivers of the synergy profile moving forward.

Operator

Our next question is from Markus Mittermaier from UBS.

Markus M. H. Mittermaier
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I wanted to follow up on the Josh question, if I may, on compressor orders. And if I look at that
particularly compared to your large European peer, they're quite impressive. And this has been going on
for a few quarters now. So I wonder if this product, is this channel, is this -- you guys may be managing
availability better, I think if you could elaborate on that, that would be great. And then connected to that,
how much visibility do you have into the backlog? Obviously, with these massive order intake numbers,
there could be some concern that some customers just call the build slots I just wonder the risk of double
ordering, how do you judge that?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Markus. So in terms of the first question about the compressors orders, I'll tell you that it's a little bit
of everything. I mean it's definitely the product, because, again, how we are leveraging the entire product
portfolio across multiple brands. It's also the channel. And I think this is a great lead question, Markus,
as we kind of go into the Investor Day because we have case stories actually that we will show you how
we have expanded our channel to really accelerate the growth and also reposition the product to really
accelerate the growth. So I think it has to do with a lot of the work that we have done since the product
summit. If you remember back in the -- I don't know, about a year ago, we spoke a lot about product
summit and how the team.

So it's just been a very thoughtful way and then executed with the use of IRX to really reposition a lot
of the products on the channel without creating any conflict. And I think that has proven to be a pretty
successful recipe. I mean availability in some products has been actually quite good. I mean I saw the
team is marketing, for example, on blowers that we have one of the best lead times and how that is
accelerating now even the momentum as they see here in the fourth quarter. To your question in terms
of the visibility of backlog, customers for compressors because you have to customize many times the
options to the specific application, there's not a lot of preorder that can be done on compressors just
because of the optionality.

And the visibility that we have in the backlog, in the compressors is really in the more larger compressors,
the multistage centrifugal compressor that are kind of -- we positioned that as more long cycle business.
And those when we're doing a contract with the customer, we have caveats that we could actually pass or
surcharge any specific cost increases that we're seeing through the supply chain in this environment. So I
think we feel that we're doing everything that we can to protect ourselves in case that obviously inflation
continues to stay at this level and commodities do not go down. But I think we feel good in terms of kind
of how we're protecting ourselves from the cost position.

Markus M. H. Mittermaier
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

That's very helpful. And just a very brief follow-up to that last comment. So that 40% increased backlog,
which is probably related to those longer cycle orders, you could if you have to reprice that, do I
understand that right or...

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Markus, let me clarify here. So the 40% increase in backlog is overall -- it's total. So is some of the longer
cycle projects a part of that? Sure. But also some of it -- and a good portion of it is obviously just the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

normal course orders that we've taken for things that are typically, what I'll call, shorter to medium cycle
type compressors, not the larger compressors.

In terms of the comment on whether you could reprice backlog, as I said, there's components like the
longer cycle that you do have some of those optionality. By and large, though, no. I mean most of the rest
of the backlog is typically a couple of months in duration, and you wouldn't expect to reprice that. Clearly,
it's inclusive of the pricing actions we've already taken, but not typical to reprice those types of backlog
items.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Markus, here I'll say 1 more point there too, Markus. I mean we track pricing on bookings. So we know we
have a really great leading indicator on how that backlog is doing against the price increases that we have
done.

Operator

And we have no further questions registered. So I'll hand the call back to Vicente for closing remarks.
Vicente, over to you.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Great. I just want to say thank you for the interest in Ingersoll Rand. I know that many of our employees
are participating in the call. I also see that many of our employees from the new acquisitions are in the
call. So I just want to say 1 more time, welcome to those of you that are new, exciting to have everyone
on board, exciting that how -- we're very thankful for everything that all of you are doing every day to
make life better for our customers, our employees, our communities and, obviously, our shareholders. So
with that, we'll leave it here for now, and talk to you soon.

Thank you.

Operator
Thank you to everyone who has joined us today. This concludes the call, and you may now disconnect
your lines.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

