Ingersoll Rand Inc. NYSE:IR
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 29, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.35

0.45

Revenue  (mm)

1312.97

1369.80

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-29-2021 2:44 AM GMT

28.57

4.33

0.46

1.86

2.17

1410.45

5690.20

6102.48

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.20

0.31

0.45

0.35

0.31

0.40

0.53

0.45

55.00 %

29.03 %

17.78 %

28.57 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Chris Miorin

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

Unknown Analyst

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, hello, and welcome to the Ingersoll Rand First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference
Call. My name is Maxine, and I'll be coordinating the call today. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand
over to your host, Chris Miorin from Ingersoll Rand to begin. Chris, please go ahead when you're ready.

Chris Miorin

Thank you, and welcome to the Ingersoll Rand 2021 First Quarter Earnings Call. I'm Chris Miorin, Vice
President of Investor Relations. And joining me is Vicente Reynal, President and Chief Executive Officer;
and Vik Kini, Chief Financial Officer. This is my first earnings call in the Investor Relations role, and I look
forward to working with you all.

We issued our earnings release and presentation yesterday that we will reference during the call. Both
are available on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.irco.com. In addition, a replay of this
conference call will be available later today.

Before we start, I want to remind everyone that certain statements on this call are forward-looking in
nature and are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in our previous SEC filings, which you
should read in conjunction with the information provided on this call. Please review the forward-looking
statements on Slide 2 for more details.

In addition, in today's remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a
reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance
with GAAP in our slide presentation and in our earnings release, both of which are available on the
Investor Relations section of our website.

On today's call, we will provide a company strategy update, review our company and segment financial
highlights and offer updated 2021 guidance. For today's Q&A session, we ask each caller keep to 1
question and 1 follow-up to allow time for other participants. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Vicente.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Chris, and good morning to everyone. Let me begin by welcoming Chris to his role as Vice
President of Investor Relations. Chris replaces Vik in the role who was appointed to CFO in June of last
year. I'm delighted to be working alongside both of them. Chris previously led corporate development
for the company and played a critical role in accelerating our growth strategy, most recently with the
acquisitions of Tuthill and Albin Pump, as well as the completed divestitures of HPS and announced
divestiture of Club Car.

I would like to especially thank Chris for his military service in the U.S. Army. During his military career,
he served as infantry officer and ranger, including a deployment in support of operation Iraqi Freedom.
Chris also held leadership roles in the Old Guard at Arlington National Cemetery and served as an aide
to the President of the United States. Following the military, Chris held roles in finance and investment
banking before joining us to direct strategy and corporate development efforts. He is a proud veteran who
continues to help fellow veterans transitioning from military to civilian life, and he is integral to executing
our strategic plan to deliver value for our shareholders.

Chris is one example among our 16,000 employees who lives our company purpose inside and outside the
company. And as you see on Slide 3, anchoring to our purpose is working. We're realizing the achievement
of our desired targets. You will hear 3 key themes today. First, we're accelerating our transformation.
It's amazing to think a year ago, we closed the Ingersoll Rand industrial transaction. And today, we're
unlocking approximately $2 billion of value with 2 strategic divestitures, putting us in a great position to
continue our portfolio transformation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Second, you will hear about how we are over delivering to our expectations. As you will recall, during the
down year of 2020, we controlled decremental margins. And now in the upcycle, we're delivering solid
incremental margins. We're delivering strong organic growth in orders and revenue. And that illustrates
our organic investments in demand generation and new product development are also working.

And third, you will hear how Ingersoll Rand's execution excellence, what we call IRX, is becoming our
economic engine to unlocking our potential. Our processes are only as good as the team that executes
them. Culture and human capital management are key differentiators at Ingersoll Rand. We have a
highly engaged workforce who act like owners because they are owners. Every day, our employees make
decisions that demonstrate thinking and acting like owners with the power of IRX behind them.

Our employees all around the world deserve sincere thanks for their adaptability, resiliency, dedication and
determination. We will continue supporting our employees with an unwavering focus on health, safety and
mental well-being. And on that point, our thoughts are with everyone dealing with pandemic situations,
particularly in India right now.

Moving to Slide 4. You see the road map we highlighted during our Q3 2020 earnings call. And since then,
we have achieved substantial traction. Today, I will concentrate remarks around the last 2 strategies,
as we have had a lot of recent momentum across these areas. Starting with Operate Sustainably and
turning to Slide 5. Operating Sustainability is one of our strategic pillars, because it engages employees,
customers and communities while delivering shareholder returns. In February, we committed to some
aggressive targets around climate goals. I am proud that our teams continue to deliver and execute on
these goals.

For example, last week was Earth Day. And our employees participated in planting more than 3,000 trees
and collecting over 4,000 pounds of waste while recycling almost 20% of that. However, advancing our
ESG journey goes beyond our environmental commitments. It is also about our social and governance
actions. Last week, you saw we announced our 2025 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion goals. We set this goal
to accelerate and illustrate our commitment to the representation of talent and the career advancement
and sense of belonging of all employees.

And actually, one of the boldest and most belonging acts we have done in support our Diversity, Equity
and Inclusion efforts, a connection that some may not really make, was around our $150 million equity
last September to all of our employees worldwide. Broad-based employee ownership has an equity
component, not often explored. Equity grants and broad-based employee ownership, such as what we
did, provide employees a tangible financial stake in company performance, and that benefits employees,
families, communities and the economy at large.

Repeatedly, studies show only represented population increased their earnings and wealth if they are
employed in organizations that offer equity grants. And that's a powerful aspect of our thinking and acting
like an owner that ties into equity and how we directly impact global ESG efforts. As I said last quarter, we
see broad-based employee ownership as a game changer. Our human capital management priorities are
part of why we added Operate Sustainably as a strategic pillar. Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion goals
are the latest advancement. And we will use IRX as our key enabler to deliver on this role as we do every
other critical initiative in our company.

Moving to Slide 6. We have also used IRX to deliver against our capital allocation strategy. And as we see
here, the outcome has been extremely effective. On the first of this month, we completed the majority
interest sale of the High Pressure Solutions segment. And a little more than a week later, announced an
agreement to sell Club Car. IRX enabled us to accelerate these transactions and make them happen. We
have solid processes executed by engaged teams to ensure we always maximize value creation in an
expedited way. And that's our special and unique economic engine.

With these divestitures, we're proud that buyers will continue the commitment to employ ownership,
which may be a little unusual for this type of transaction, but as I've said before, it is important to us on
many fronts. And with these divestitures, we're unlocking approximately $2 billion in value.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

And on Slide 7, we see a visual illustrating the volume and timing of transaction milestones in our
evolution over the last 4 years, including the completed and announced divestitures this month. Last
quarter, I mentioned capital allocation is a huge part of my personal focus and I have been actively
discussing this with our Board. Those discussions continue. And as we have done all along with our capital
allocation strategy, we will inform you when there is something significant to share.

Along with this today, I'll give you some additional color on how we have enhanced our inorganic growth
strategy. So let's look at Slide 8. I have mentioned IRX discipline a lot this morning. It is an execution
engine to drive change in every area of the business. From our environmental goals and net working
capital goals to our new product development goals and our diversity, equity and inclusion goals. IRX has
been transformational in helping us with the integration of companies like Tuthill and Albin, as well as
helping us with divestitures and accelerating our M&A funnel. You can see our funnel has increased 5x
since Q2 of last year.

The average revenue of the companies in the funnel has increased by more than 50%, and we're moving
potential acquisitions through the funnel much faster. And we have not only been integrating Ingersoll
Rand and Garden Denver over the past year, but we have also completed a bolt-on acquisition with Tuthill
Vacuum and Blower Systems being the most recent one. And we have already seen solid progress with
Tuthill, such as growth outside the U.S. where we highlighted that as a great opportunity and already
received a multimillion-dollar order in Asia Pacific during the first quarter.

The simultaneous execution of small growth, acquisitions and divestitures highlights how IRX enables
capabilities to drive significant inorganic growth. I will now turn it over to Vik to provide an update on our
financials. Vik?

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Vicente. Moving to Slide 9. We continue to be pleased with the performance of the company
in Q1. Q1 saw a strong balance of commercial and operational execution fueled by the use of IRX with
continued signs of improvement across industrial end markets.

Total company orders and revenue increased year-over-year 29% and 17%, respectively, with strong
double-digit organic orders growth across each segment. In fact, our organic growth on both orders
and revenue in the quarter were records for the company and set us up well as we move into Q2. In
addition, the company continued to drive performance on productivity and synergy initiatives using IRX as
a catalyst and we remain on track to deliver on our $300 million cost synergy commitment.

The company delivered first quarter adjusted EBITDA of $293 million, a year-over-year improvement of
$107 million, and adjusted EBITDA margins of 21.4%, a 550 basis point improvement year-over-year.
Continuing performance from previous quarters, we also achieved incremental margins of 54% in Q1.
One item to note, these financial metrics do not include the High Pressure Solutions segment, which was
classified as discontinued operations in Q1 with relevant restatements to prior periods. Given the recently
completed sale, we will not report on this segment moving forward. Free cash flow for the quarter was
$108 million, up $78 million year-over-year, yielding total liquidity of $2.6 billion at quarter end.

Turning to Slide 10. For the total company, orders increased 25% and revenue increased 13%, both on
an FX-adjusted basis. The IT&S, Precision & Science Technologies and SVT segments all saw double-digit
organic orders growth in the quarter.

Starting first with IT&S. The total segment saw 13% FX-adjusted orders growth with strong momentum
in core compressor technologies with the Americas showing mid-single-digit orders improvement, EMEIA
with low 20s percent growth and Asia Pacific with high double-digit improvement. Precision & Science saw
14% FX adjusted orders growth in the quarter. Continued double-digit growth in product lines like Medical
and Dosatron drove this performance given their niche end market exposure in areas like lab, life sciences,
water and animal health, as well as strong performance from the ARO brand, which primarily serves core
industrial markets.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Specialty Vehicles saw exceptionally strong orders performance, up 89% excluding FX. The team has
shown positive orders growth for 5 straight quarters, and Q1 saw continued strong growth in consumer
vehicles as well as golf offerings and aftermarket. Overall, we posted a strong book-to-bill of 1.24 for the
quarter, an improvement from the prior year level of 1.13. We remain encouraged by the strength of our
backlog moving into Q2.

The company delivered $293 million of adjusted EBITDA, an increase of 57% year-over-year. The IT&S,
Precision Science and SVT segments all saw year-over-year improvements in adjusted EBITDA and strong
triple-digit margin expansion. And finally, corporate costs came in at $34 million for the quarter, consistent
with prior expectations.

Turning to Slide 11. Free cash flow for the quarter was $118 million on a continuing ops basis, driven
by the strong operational performance across the business and ongoing prudent working capital
management. This compares to free cash flow of $30 million in the first quarter of prior year on a
continuing ops basis in what is typically our seasonally weakest quarter from a free cash flow perspective.

CapEx during the quarter totaled $15 million and free cash flow included $10 million of outflows related to
the transaction. From a leverage perspective, we finished at 1.9x, which was an 0.1 turn improvement as
compared to the prior quarter. This included $184 million cash outflow to fund the Tuthill acquisition, which
closed in February and did not include the cash received from the HPS divestiture, which closed in April.
We have line of sight to leverage coming down materially to below 1x once the SVT sale is completed,
which, as mentioned previously, is expected in Q3 of this year.

On the right side of the page, you can see the breakdown of total company liquidity, which now stands at
$2.6 billion based on approximately $1.64 billion of cash on hand and nearly $1 billion of availability on
our revolving credit facility. With our current liquidity and the additional cash we expect to receive from
the HPS and SVT divestitures, we will have considerable balance sheet flexibility to continue our portfolio
transformation strategy with M&A coupled with targeted internal investments to drive sustainable organic
growth.

I will now turn it back to Vicente to discuss the segment performance.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Vik. Moving to Slide 12 and starting with Industrial Technologies and Services. Overall, organic
orders were up 11% and revenue up 9%, leading to a book-to-bill of 1.14x. In addition to orders and
revenue growth, the team delivered strong adjusted EBITDA of 57% and adjusted EBITDA margins of
23.1%, up 610 basis points year-over-year with incremental margin of 65%.

Let me provide more detail on the order performance. Starting with compressors, we saw orders up in the
low 20%. A further breakdown into oil-free and oil-lubricated products show that orders for both were up
above 20%. From a regional split for orders and compressors, in the Americas, North America performed
comparatively better at up mid-single digits, while Latin America was up low single digits. Mainland Europe
was up mid-teens, while India, Middle East and Africa saw continued recovery at up high double digits.
Asia Pacific continues to perform well with orders up high double digits driven by high double-digit growth
in both China and across the rest of Asia Pacific.

Moving to vacuum and blowers. Orders were up low double digits on a global basis with double-digit
growth across each of our regions. Moving next to the power tools and lifting, The total business was up
low double digits in orders and pivoted to positive growth driven mainly by our enhanced e-commerce
capabilities and improved execution. On the right side, we're highlighting the impact that our technologies
are having on our customers' sustainability efforts. As you may remember, we acquired Runtech in 2017.

Runtech designs and manufacturers energy-efficient solutions primarily for use in pulp and paper mills.
Since the acquisition, we have done several new product launches, as well as expanded commercially in all
the regions, and this has led to a 65% increase in the installed base. This has helped achieve an average
of 45% energy savings per installation and saved several billions of gallons of water annually across the
installed base.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Moving to Slide 13 and the Precision and Science Technology segment. Overall, organic orders were up
12%, driven by the Medical and Dosatron businesses, which serve lab, life sciences and water and animal
health markets. These businesses were up double digits And we also saw strong performance in our more
industrial end market oriented products like Milton Roy and ARO.

The momentum on our hydrogen solution continues to build, and we saw some strong funnel activity.
Revenue was up 7% organically, producing a book-to-bill of 1.2x. Additionally, the PST team delivered
strong adjusted EBITDA of $67 million, which was up 26%. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 31.2%, up 350
basis points year-over-year, with incremental margins of 59%.

From a sustainability perspective, we're highlighting our YZ brand Zero Emission Odorization and YZ
Connect. ZEO is an injection system that odorizes natural gas and hydrogen delivered to communities to
help safeguard people. As customers replace legacy systems with our new ZEO, this product is expected to
dramatically eliminate emissions of methane. Our customers' odorization programs are further enhanced
by YZ Connect, which provides remote monitoring capability through its Internet of Things, cloud platform,
which is another example on how our customers can lean on us to help make life better.

Moving to Slide 14 and the Specialty Vehicle Technology segment. Overall, Q1 was another very strong
quarter for the SVT team. Orders and revenue were up organically 89% and 29%, respectively, driven by
continued strength in consumer, golf and aftermarket programs. Adjusted EBITDA of $48 million increased
162% year-over-year, leading to an adjusted EBITDA margin of 20.1%. This represents an outstanding
1,020 basis points improvement versus prior year, showcasing the power of IRX and the team's application
to its tool to capture value and market share. And while this business continues to perform well, we made
a strategic choice to divest the asset to continue aligning our portfolio to our mission-critical flow creation
technologies.

And as mentioned, we're very pleased with the strong economic outcome with the sale of Club Car to
Platinum Equity. It was very important to us in this transaction and in our sale of HPS that we honor our
commitment to employee ownership. As a result, employee recipients of our 2020 all-employee equity
grant will have 50% of the award vest at closing and 50% will be replaced by a new equity-linked program
implemented by Platinum. We're very pleased with this outcome for the Club Car team.

Moving to Slide 15. Given the company's performance in Q1 and continued strong outlook, we're
increasing guidance for 2021. Our initial revenue guidance was up high single digits to low double digits
on a reported basis, comprised of mid-single-digit organic growth across each of the 3 segments. After
removing SVT, we're now guiding up low double digits with high single-digit organic growth across each of
the segments. FX is expected to continue to be a low single-digit tailwind for the business on a total year
basis, given the weakening of the U.S. dollar against major foreign currencies like euro and British pound.

So that is a slight headwind as compared to the initial guidance. From a phasing perspective, we anticipate
the first half of the year to be up mid-teens, while the FX tailwinds remained most evident during the first
half of 2021. Overall growth in the second half of the year is expected to normalize a bit comparatively,
but still be up high single digits. We have received a lot of questions from investors on supply chain,
inflationary pressures and the price cost dynamic. When we issued our initial guidance, we took the
anticipated inflationary headwinds into consideration. And while we continue to see pressures around
certain commodities and logistics, we have implemented our IRX tools to help mitigate the impact and our
teams have executed very well, including price and execution and our continued I2V initiative.

We do see this environment continue in Q2 and likely after, but we're confident that leveraging our IRX
process and working with our suppliers will allow us to continue exceeding our customers' expectations.
Based on these revenue assumptions, we're increasing 2021 adjusted EBITDA guidance to $1.12 billion
to $1.15 billion, which represents approximately a $45 million improvement from original guidance at the
midpoint of the range when excluding SVT.

In terms of cash generation, we expect free cash flow conversion to adjusted net income to remain greater
or equal to 100%. CapEx is expected to remain 1.5% to 2% of revenue And finally, we expect adjusted
tax rate to be approximately 23%.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Moving to Slide 16. As we wrap up today's call, Ingersoll Rand is in a great place. 2021 is poised to be
a great year. The first quarter provided a solid springboard with momentum into Q2. We take our role
as a sustainably minded industry leader very seriously, one who is focused on employee matters like
broad-based ownership, belonging and reducing our impact to the environment. I am proud of all of
our employees around the world. Thank you for how you come together every day to be there for our
customers, solve problems and lean on each other and collaborate.
I am confident we will continue to transform Ingersoll Rand and deliver increased value to all of our
shareholders. And with that, I'll turn the call back to the operator and open for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Just a question on the raised guidance. So I think it looks like you're embedding around sort of mid-40s
segment incremental margins for the year as a whole in that guidance. Maybe just clarify if that's roughly
correct. And I suppose as you think about puts and takes from here after that mid-50s number in Q1,
anything major to call out around, say, mix shifts pricing? It sounds like you're confident on price cost. But
just wondered the extent to which those pressures on a net basis will increase from here in the balance of
the year?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Julian, yes, you're correct on the first question, the account of that mid-40s range. And in other kind of
the puts and takes, let me just kind of give you a little bit of color here. I mean Q1, as you pointed out, I
mean, very strong across segments and regions, and that is really encouraging. A few things to highlight.
In Q1, we're seeing kind of an easier comp on a year-over-year basis due to the cost synergy savings as
most of our savings really started to show in April of last year and onwards.

We're also seeing the solid price realization based on the actions that we took in late 2020 and the
continued execution of I2V and other initiatives. As we go into Q2 and the second half, if I kind of break it
down by segment, ITS, overall, we're still expecting that kind of 30% to 35% incrementals, even with the
headwinds around not only the inflation but also the discretionary costs coming back which again speaks
to the ongoing synergy delivery efforts as well as our focus on kind of quality of earnings.

On PST, touching first on Q2, as a reminder and as we highlighted in our guidance, Q2 incrementals will
be lower than average to the fact that in 2020, we saw outsized demand for our medical compressors and
pumps used again to fight COVID. And the majority of these orders came in, in Q1 and Q2 with shipments
mostly in Q2 and Q3. And as a reminder, these shipments on the medical products came in at a premium
margin. In addition, PST is seeing some of the inflationary headwinds that most companies are seeing.
And while the back half of the year will be more normalized to about that kind of 35% and above.

And so again, having said all this, I mean, as you know, we're very -- we have a pretty strong process in
terms of price, I2V, sourcing that our teams are actively executing to offset any of these kind of headwinds
coming in.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

And then maybe switching to capital deployment, given the proceeds from HPS and SVT and the cash
flow outlook, you could be close to 0 net debt at the end of this year, I think. Also, though, it's a very --
valuations are very high for M&A right now. So maybe just help us understand sort of how optimistic you
are on getting a meaningful degree of M&A done this year?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Julian, we still remain very optimistic on the M&A. I mean, the M&A, as we highlighted, pretty strong,
as you saw on the remarks and the slide that we put together. So we've been thoughtfully -- if you kind of
go back when we talked about our phases of creating a strong foundation, pivoting to growth and portfolio
utilization, we've been very thoughtful on the timing of all those and proactively working on the M&A
funnel. So we're ready with the funnel.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Again, we're not going to go crazy on the market. We'll continue to stay very disciplined in this
environment. We buy companies that are a strategic fit. And as we have always highlighted, a strategic
fit not only from a technology but also a commercial perspective. We'll never buy for kind of multiple
arbitrage. We buy companies that can have that strategic fit. And I think that's what's exciting. And yes,
you're right. I mean I think with this kind of unlocking $2 billion of value in -- with these 2 divestitures,
we're ready for continued executing our M&A in a very disciplined way.

Operator

The next question comes from Mike Halloran from Baird.

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Just a follow-up on that last question. Let's just follow up on that last question there a little bit then, right?
So you're through the divestiture piece, some of the chunkier stuff, obviously, a little bit more to come
potentially. Good commentary on how you view the actionability there. But maybe just an update on how
you're thinking about what this portfolio looks like 3, 5 years down the line. We've had some indication
where the capital allocations are going to go, but maybe just a little bit of an update on directionally how
you're thinking about this portfolio composition over time and where the chunkier pieces of that capital
allocation can go.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Sure, Mike. I -- as you see, we kind of have these 2 segments and 1 larger than the other. We've spoken
a lot about how our strategic focus on building the funnel has been on the Precision and Science. We see
a lot of good things that we like on that segment. And we've been very prudent in terms of saying, while
we integrate Gardner Denver and Ingersoll Rand through the past 12 months, building the funnel on the
Precision and Science, that did not have that many kind of distractions, I would say, on the integration. So
I think that continues to be the exciting piece.

In terms of kind of how we look at -- we're still going to be this mission-critical high aftermarket. We like
the recurring aftermarket side of these rotating components and devices that we have. And we like the
space where we play. And we still have over $30 billion of addressable market, even when you exclude
high pressure and the specialty vehicles. So things around sustainable technology, high-growth end
markets, we've been very thoughtful in terms of focusing and doing a lot of segmentation and market
work around these kind of high-end growth markets that -- where we can have the play in terms of flow
creation and any of those adjacent markets that kind of complement our ecosystem of the product lines.

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

And then a question on the guidance, on the assumptions on the revenue side. Maybe just talk about how
your revenue outlook compares to, say, normal seasonality or what kind of backdrop are you embedding
as you work through here. Pretty stable or is there an acceleration assumed? And then also maybe just
touch on what you're seeing on the shorter cycle side of your businesses versus some of the longer cycle
side of your businesses?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Mike, let me touch base first on the short cycle and the long cycle, and then I'll kind of let Vik
comment on the other one. Short cycle, we see very good strength, pretty broad-based particularly kind
of the medical market, animal health, kind of what we call also ag-tech and aqua-tech kind of end markets
that we're putting a lot of effort to really continue to penetrate. Pharma, food and beverage and water
and wastewater. In terms of kind of long cycle end markets, most of our long cycle business, as all of you
know, is in kind of what we call the Nash/Garo business, as well as the very large compressors, which is
kind of the centrifugal compressor that the multistage centrifugal compressors.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

I will categorize the large multistage centrifugal compressors, orders were very strong and positive. This
is an area where we are seeing very good start with -- when you think about kind of some of the end
markets, we're seeing good momentum on kind of reshoring on some companies as well as markets like
renewable energy and general industrial. The Nash/Garo in the first quarter was kind of down, primarily
due to the timing, we say. If you think about the Nash/Garo is one business that changes quarter-to-
quarter, so we kind of think to look at it a bit more from a first half compare year-on-year. And the funnel
still continues to be highly active. And just as a reminder, that business in the fourth quarter saw very
positive orders in kind of the mid to high single-digit order cycle.

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. And Mike, I think on your first part of your question with regards to kind of seasonality and kind
of how we're thinking about the backdrop. I don't think we're thinking about it much differently than
you've seen from a historical perspective. Obviously, strong first quarter. I think we're very encouraged
by the orders profile where in IT&S and Precision & Science, you had book-to-bill of, I think, 1.14, 1.20,
respectively. So we've obviously built some solid backlog now moving in the second quarter. And as
Vicente said, typically speaking, you tend to see, particularly for some of the longer-cycle businesses,
orders stronger in the first half and shipments stronger in the second half. So typically speaking, you tend
to see Q1 seasonally a little bit of the weakest, Q4 seasonally strongest and Q2, Q3 in between. I don't
think you're going to see anything dramatically different in the context of the phasing or how we think
about seasonality here in the context of 2021.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research Partners.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

I wonder if we could just talk actually a little bit about price specifically. Vicente, you indicated you felt you
had price cost pretty well dialed even to start the year. But maybe give us a little color on what's going
on with price. Have you gone out multiple times? And maybe as part of that question, too, are there any
particular supply disruptions that you're dealing with in the business?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Sure, Jeff. On the price cost, the good thing is that we actually planned for the inflation during the budget
time last year with the teams. I mean we were seeing early indications of inflation, and we basically told
the teams to plan for the inflation. And with that, to plan for the price. And then we executed on the price.
And I think it was part of kind of our original guidance as well and reason why we -- it definitely increased
prices by then. And I think the inflation is really coming in fairly in line with what we planned.

And I would say, in addition, from a margin perspective, we continue to run the I2V procurement work
that we're doing with -- that we did with the synergy integration between Ingersoll Rand and Gardner
Denver, and that's kind of working really well. As we move forward, I mean, clearly, we continue to
watch carefully this inflation. And the teams, they're kind of lock and loaded to plan for incremental price
increases based on what we're seeing permanently, typically like the logistics side of things. But yes, we're
looking at doing a proactively positioning of our products here in this inflationary market.

And in terms of supply chain, I mean, we're definitely not immune to what you're seeing and hearing a
lot about logistics. But I think a couple of things to highlight here. First, we're mostly in the region for
the region. And this has proven to be a great strategy for us, not only in these difficult times, but also as
companies looking to reshoring, it has been very helpful for us. As a second, we're working with a much
larger purchasing power than in the past. And many of these are kind of new partnerships that we're
creating. And this really has helped in the supply chain as they want to deliver and have very good terms
with us. So I'll say that supply chain, not immune, but I think the team really working very well to get it in
control.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

And second, unrelated. Just what's going on with service? You see a clear pickup in activity there and
commensurate with some of the kind of equipment order dynamics that are starting to tick up or would
you expect some lagging impact there? How does the year play out on service?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Jeff, in the first quarter, we saw outsized order momentum on the original equipment. And certainly,
as the market recovers, we definitely want to see this. And we're very glad because, again, as you're kind
of alluding there, we're kind of feeding the market and putting our products so then we can connect them
with our IoT platform and then continue to generate these accelerated aftermarkets. So that's good news.
I would say that fill with that, the service and the aftermarket sequentially, we saw improvement in most
of the regions. So again, good things that some of the strategies are definitely seeing good momentum
here.

Operator

The next question comes from Nigel Coe from Wolf Research.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

I will go back to capital allocation and M&A. And I'm curious if the proposed tax changes -- capital gains
tax changes in particular, whether that's -- whether you've seen more activity on the private seller sides?
And so any comments there would be good. And then just given that we've seen an acceleration in
disposals, obviously, a lot of kind of available cash now, is this driven by just like timing in just one of
those things or do you have increased confidence and line of sight on deployment from here, and that's
kind of driven you to kind of accelerate the sale of Club Car?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Sure, Nigel. I think on the cap gain taxes, I think maybe still slightly too early to tell. And obviously, that's
mostly particularly here in the U.S. I think Europe continues to be at least no major changes. But too early
to tell. I think it could free up better momentum in some cases, but nothing that I will classify as saying it
is creating an imminent change yet. Maybe some of the family owning owners are thinking about it, and
we'll see. I mean we stay pretty close and create good cultivation. So we'll see on that.

I think on the timing, as kind of alluded, I think we've been very thoughtful on the timing. We said that
we want to create stability, but at the same time, we want to improve some of these companies so we can
maximize the value that we could generate. And at the same time, we did it in a way that we want to have
some sort of visibility to the funnel. So in parallel, we've been working on all these aspects, not only the
divestitures, but also accelerating the funnel. And you can see how some of the statistics on the funnel.
And we're excited that the funnel is 5x what we had even last year. The average revenue size per company
is more than 50% and the velocity, which is really important, has been cut by half. So I think it's been
done, everything strategically well thought out from -- in parallel, I would say, Nigel.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

And then on -- you called out PST as an area where you're seeing good opportunities in that pipeline. Is
there an appetite or even visibility to expand the medical component of PST?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Absolutely. Yes, definitely, Nigel. Yes. I mean it has been -- If you remember -- yes, absolutely.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Operator

And the next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Chris, your background makes me feel like maybe I haven't done enough since winning that 7th grade
spelling bee. You said that your 23% margins in IT&S and it still seems like an early point in the cycle and,
I think, to Vik's point, not a seasonal high point. I get that maybe margins will move around with M&A
here, but can you get to mid-20s in the next couple of years on a core basis? I know that's sort of been
thrown out there as noble goal for a while, but it seems like maybe it's accelerating as an opportunity.

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Josh, this is Vik. I'll start there. I think the answer is absolutely yes. We've been very, I think,
transparent in the context that quality of earnings and continuing to execute on many of our strategic
levers, notably areas like the synergy funnel, procurement, I2V, as well as pricing realization are clearly
focus areas and footprint, for example, as that will still kind of more so get to come, frankly, from a
synergy delivery perspective. So I think the answer is a mid-20s percent EBITDA margin kind of on the
ITS segment is, without question, I think where we are targeting this business to be from a more medium-
term perspective.

And I think one thing to add would be really encouraged by the momentum we're seeing, frankly, across
all the parts of that business. It's really not coming from one distinct area. I would tell you, all of the
regions as well as the power tools business inclusive continuing to show good momentum. And I think
some of the commercial initiatives that we also have. Vicente just spoke to, continuing to see good
aftermarket traction. We're seeing a little bit outsized OE right now, which we think is a good thing as we
kind of start to show more of that shift into aftermarket and build from that 40% kind of baseline we have
right now of aftermarket sales, that will obviously help as well. So all good signs and things that we would
say, yes, should point to 25% margins definitely being the target here as we think ahead.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. And then I guess we've talked a lot about the M&A side of the equation. So maybe
just kind of focusing on the core business. You guys mentioned maybe some signs of nearshoring taking
place. Just wondering if there's anything else that sort of looks unusual or stands out at this point in the
recovery, whether it's an end market that's you're kind of leading or lagging in a surprising way or a mix
of business where folks are doing more CapEx earlier in the cycle? Just any observation on kind of the
complexion of spending underneath some of those consolidated numbers.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Sure, Josh. I mean, maybe something to highlight. I mean, we spoke about this industrial vacuum
and blower business to be kind of up low double digits. And when you cannot decompose that, that has
the industrial side, kind of brands like Elmo Rietschle and Robuschi and things like that. But included
in there is also the vacuum business like Nash, which is kind of more the longer cycle. And as I just
mentioned, I mean, Nash was down in the first quarter, which obviously implies that industrial vacuum
business was really high. And that was basically up in the kind of 20s range, the industrial vacuum.

Our industrial vacuum is really collocated within kind of large OEMs and OEMs. We always said that
industrial vacuum was always a leading -- a good leading indicator for industrial recovery. And it is very
exciting to continue to see that momentum happening on that industrial vacuum side of the business. So I
think that's very good news for what the industrial recovery market is seeing.

In terms of some of the other things, it's actually also good momentum based on a lot of the self-help
initiatives on the commercial side. I think, Josh, it's exciting to see that we're seeing really good traction

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

on some of the commercial kind of product summit activities that we talked about prior quarters in terms
of the combination of Gardner Denver and Ingersoll Rand. Examples like oil-free product like the Ultima,
which was a Gardner Denver technology and launched as Ingersoll Rand in Europe. That saw really, really
good momentum in Europe, and that is getting launched now here in the U.S. So expect to see that
accelerate the momentum, too, as well. So a combination of those kind of multiple things is not only the
market but also a lot of good execution from the team based on these initiatives that we're doing.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And just to be clear, when you say vacuum, that for you guys does not include semiconductor exposure,
right?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Correct. Yes. We don't play in the semiconductor market. That's right. Yes. It is all industrial. All industrial
product.

Operator

Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Vincente, maybe can you give us a little more color to what you're seeing by region? You obviously talked
about APAC sales and orders up high double digits, but is that just easy comparisons given the pandemic
hit that region first? Or have you been able to harness some of the opportunities you've cited for China
and Southeast Asia? And then in Americas, we just kind of talked about it. Obviously, easier comparisons
coming up, but is the cadence of orders and revenue continuing to improve as we go through April here?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I think in Asia Pacific, I'll say it is definitely a combination of both. I mean, definitely, some easy
comps in China for sure. But if you recall, Southeast Asia was definitely not an easy comp yet in the
first quarter because, I mean, the Southeast Asia really started getting kind of locked down in the
second quarter. So I'll say good combination of maybe easy comps, but at the same time, some really
good momentum in China and Asia Pacific. I think this is -- we always highlighted when we created the
integration of Ingersoll Rand and Gardner Denver that we said Asia Pacific is definitely an area of growth
and opportunity. And we're doing some very good organic investments. I mean, we spent a lot of new
capital equipment to be able to have in region for region in areas like that. And I think it's really, really
exciting.

And we put a real new focus also on emerging markets in Southeast Asia, something that before with the
scale that we had, it was very difficult to do. But now we have the scale, and these organic investments
are definitely showing some good momentum. I think in the Americas, yes, as you said, particularly in the
U.S., Andy, we will see better, easier comps here in the U.S. in the second half. Same in Europe. But I'd
say as well, you saw that in Europe, at least on the compressor side, orders, we were kind of in the mid-
teens up, while Americas or the U.S. mid-single-digit up. And maybe some of that is a little bit of timing
in the sense that the Europeans, as I just mentioned before, they kind of went in faster in terms of doing
some of these integration of the product lines that we've spoken about. And now we're seeing that getting
implemented in the Americas.

Again, Americas or the U.S. is a more complex environment where you have a combination of direct
purchase with distribution. So we just wanted to be careful. But I think everything is going really well now
in the U.S. as well, and we'll see some inflection here as we move forward.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Helpful, Vicente. And then 1 of the issues that you've mentioned in the past with your synergy progress
was that procurement synergies would be partly a function of your sales volume. So you mentioned
already that your supply chain is faring well, but could you actually harvest more procurement-related
synergies as part of your $300 million program, given expected higher sales and I'm cognizant that you
just raised your target. So just thinking sort of medium to longer term here.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. No. Andy, I think you hit the nail on the head obviously when we -- so the answer to your question
is you're completely right. Obviously, the direct material components of our synergy equation, most
notably, the procurement side in I2V are frankly a function of volume. And we did note that even in 2020,
obviously, volumes were not at kind of that kind of baseline 2019 level. What we have seen, for example,
in procurement, I'd say probably better than expected percent realization on savings. So that has kind of
been a nice kind of, I'd say, mitigant to lower volumes.

Clearly, a higher volume equation clearly can materialize into higher savings. But as you said, some of that
was definitely dialed in to the raise when we moved the number from $250 million to $300 million. We'd
clearly indicated that the majority, if not all, of that really was coming from the direct material equation.
Could there be some potential in the medium term over and above? Perhaps. But I think we want to
continue to see how things play themselves out.

But we're very encouraged and I think the momentum we're seeing, frankly, even still today on the
procurement and the I2V side is very encouraging in the context of the price realization and the percent
realization that the teams are actually recognizing. So quite encouraged, but I'd say a lot of that was
factored into the raise from $250 million to $300 million.

Operator

Our next question comes from Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So maybe just starting out. Vicente, you've highlighted in the past that this longer-term opportunity on
the oil-free side, water, I guess some positive comments on hydrogen and the funnel activity. How do you
think about these initiatives as providing some type of like GDP multiplier effect for the company over the
course of the next 2 to 3 years?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Joe, definitely we believe that this is -- these initiatives are the ones that will give us that kind of
plus-plus that we always like to talk about in terms of how we execute that in the sense that we play
in this kind of GDP environment end markets. But with the initiatives that we're putting, we're kind of
moving more towards those end markets that can give us that plus-plus and out execution. We always
said, call it, anywhere between 100 to 300 basis points above the GDP, depending on kind of the region
and the market.

So these initiatives continue to be really, really exciting for us. We launched, with the help of IRX, several
of the impact daily management programs from a global perspective, and I'm very excited with kind of
what we are seeing and definitely much more to come.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Yes. No, that's helpful, Vicente. I guess maybe just with like oil-free and water, those are end markets
that you guys have had. I think I heard you say on hydrogen that things were picking up. Like is there

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

anything that's happening kind of like at the margin that has changed just in the near term on any of
those opportunities?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

You mean the margin in terms of our profitability?

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Oh, no, just on the margin meaning like anything incremental, yes.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Well, I mean I think on the oil-free, it's more about, I think this year and moving forward is when
we start seeing the execution of this product line combination between the 2 companies. But as you can
imagine, I mean, and we talked a lot about that last year, at the product summit and the kits that we were
going to combine, this kind of creates a highly complementary. I think a lot of the results should be and
could be seen now. And I think same thing for the water and wastewater. I mean I think it takes a little
bit of time to see the results. But I think we're very excited and very encouraged into kind of what the
momentum we're seeing across the company on these strategic end markets that we have selected.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. No, that makes sense. If I could ask one more just on free cash flow, longer term. You guys have
made a ton of progress on the free cash flow margins even when you get back in the GDI days of working
capital. How do you think about driving to potentially a 20% type free cash flow number or free cash
flow margin in the next few years? And is that possible? And how do you think about the working capital
opportunities in the company?

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Joe, I mean, I think with that question, we continue to see opportunities. I mean we're pretty
pleased with, I think, the momentum we've already seen, but we've been very adamant that there are
still a number of, I'd say, levers that we have to pull. First and foremost, I'll start with the tax rate. We
mentioned that when we started as kind of 1 year ago, putting 2 companies together, we really didn't
have what I would consider to be an optimized tax rate. We've done a lot of work, their tax organization,
frankly, our whole organization has done a lot of work. We've started to implement a lot of those, I'd say,
practices here, and you're already starting to see some good momentum on the tax rate. We've said that
we're guiding to approximately 23%. And last year, we were 24% plus. We're already starting to see some
good momentum there, and we have line of sight to getting that into the lower 20s over time.

In terms of the working capital side, absolutely. I think the biggest area that is still ahead of us here is
on the inventory side. We have mentioned, I think, a few times that inventory is really almost connected
in some respects to a lot of our synergy delivery initiatives. We talk about procurement, and we focus a
lot on the savings side, but there's also the -- making sure that you're negotiating terms properly and
that you're actually making sure that you're pulling inventory only when you need it. And then also with
the footprint side of the equation. Footprint is probably one of the biggest areas of the synergy equation.
You really haven't started to see delivery in a material manner just yet. But you can be rest assured here
when we start to actually optimize our footprint on the manufacturing side, there will be working capital
opportunities there.

So you put that all together and clearly, there are other areas in terms of the payables and receivables
equation that we're working. Clearly, I think working capital is a major opportunity ahead that can help
drive us to the levels that you're speaking to here over time. So I think we're encouraged. It's definitely,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

I'd say, a big focal point of the ops and finance and business teams. And we're going to continue to make
momentum here as we move through this year and frankly, in next.

Operator

Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research.

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

My question is on maybe more the structural or strategic side of pricing as opposed to the responsive or
tactical things that you kind of discussed already. I know you guys have done a lot of work on looking
at tracking discounting better and looking at various initiatives to sort of improve the way pricing flows
through the organization. And I wonder, could you talk a little bit about the outcomes? As you look at
your products, have you found that they have the pricing power you want? Or is there a structural upshift
there? And as you look forward into the backlog and into years out, is that a material difference from the
past?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Rob, I would say that great question on the pricing side and definitely something that strategic
pricing, that is basically what we like to do. We typically never do peanut butter across price increases,
it's just based on the specific product lines. And I will say that, as you know, our mission-critical products
were very low cost relative to the overall system. And that is very good for us and works really well for us
in situations of continuing to be able to increase price because of the mission criticalness and the low cost
relative to the overall system that our products have.

In terms of the stickiness and the elasticity, I mean, we have done a lot of work on testing pricing
elasticity in many of our end markets and many of our products. We have a really great, I'll say, internal
process for scoping that out and making sure that we continue to push the boundaries and the envelopes
on that as we see that we can. But only we can only do it only as long as we have differentiated products,
which is the other big play in terms of how our I2V has been really strong process for being able to
continue to create differentiated products, whether it might be tweaks of innovation that is not only -- so
it's a process that is not only for driving direct material costs down, but it's also driving some increase in
profit -- price and profitability.

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

Okay. That's a great answer. And then just so I understand it, I mean, when you think about the testing,
the measuring, the elasticity you've done and the profit -- the product improvement, are you starting to
see a lot of benefit from that? Or is that a year out or 2 years out when it sort of kicks in and I'll stop.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. No, we're seeing some of that. I mean when you look at the margin expansion that we saw here
in the first quarter, a good chunk of that also came from gross margin. So we're seeing gross margins
continue to improve on a year-over-year. And even historically, when you go back -- even if we go back to
2015, I mean, definitely some very, very solid gross margin expansion. So we're definitely seeing it in the
real core of the business.

Operator

Our next question comes from Nathan Jones from Stifel.

Unknown Analyst

This is Matt on for Nathan Jones this morning. You mentioned targeting sustainable investments. I
was wondering if can you talk about what kind of level of investments you're making for growth at the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

moment? And what kind of potential that is to take it to? And can you talk about the opportunities to
invest more here in order to continue to drive growth in 2020 and beyond or 2021 and beyond?

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Sure, Matt. Yes. I mean I think generally speaking, a lot of the initiatives we talked about, I think, you've
been speaking to, a lot of the questions we've had with regards to whether it be oil-free, whether it be
investments in the hydrogen, whether it be the products that we actually highlighted in the release -- in
the slides, the Runtech acquisition that we made back in 2017 or the ZEO application from the Precision
Science Technologies business. Generally speaking, all of our NPDs that we're really looking at have facet
of sustainability, energy savings and efficiency really baked in.

So I would say it's probably the single biggest criteria, by and large, when we're looking at innovation.
And it's also a huge criteria that we're looking at when we're actually looking at the M&A pipeline. So I'd
say it's front and center. Trying to quantify exact dollars is probably a little bit tricky, but I would tell you
it's probably the single biggest factor. And I would also point to we really made a commitment to it in the
context of our ESG goals, which you can -- we've obviously spoken to quite a bit. So again, I think it's kind
of permeating the culture and now we're actually putting distinct targets and goals that are associated
with it as well.

Unknown Analyst

Great. And then I wanted to follow up in regards to the supply chain conversation. Are you guys seeing
any impact to production or your supply chain relative to COVID cases spiking, particularly in Europe and
India? And then how confident do you feel about the ability to continue to ramp as you move into 2Q and
the rest of the year?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Matt, I mean I think in terms of production, I mean, our plants are up and running. I mean,
clearly, the area that we're monitoring really close is India. We're deemed as a critical manufacturer
and all of our manufacturing facilities are, at the moment, they're open. Some of the closedowns that
is happening in India, at least in the cities where we are operating, hasn't happened to us. But we're
watching that carefully. We're proactively supporting vaccination efforts for employees based there. Again,
this is because we're deemed as a critical manufacturer and you've seen that lack of oxygen in many
hospitals. Our products are actually helping to enhance that. And so we're working really closely with
the government to really accelerate that. But so far, no major impact, I would say. Something that we're
watching carefully.

Operator

We have no further questions, so I'll hand it back.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Well, thank you, everyone, for your interest and joining on the call today. We're very excited. We're very
thankful for our employees for all the work and dedication that they're doing and thinking and acting like
owners. So we're excited with the momentum that we're having and look forward to talking to many of
you here in the future. Thanks again.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your
lines.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

