Ingersoll Rand Inc. NYSE:IR
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, February 23, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.45

0.53

17.78

0.33

1.40

1.49

6.43

1.86

1466.84

1510.70

2.99

1308.51

5340.75

4910.20

(8.06 %)

5711.88

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-23-2021 1:22 AM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.27

0.20

0.31

0.45

0.25

0.31

0.40

0.53

SURPRISE

(7.41 %)

55.00 %

29.03 %

17.78 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

John Fred Walsh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Markus M. H. Mittermaier
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Nathan Hardie Jones
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

Stephen Edward Volkmann
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Ingersoll Rand 4Q 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Vik Kini, Chief Financial Officer. Thank
you. Please go ahead, sir.

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, and welcome to the Ingersoll Rand 2020 Fourth Quarter and Total Year Earnings Call. I'm Vik
Kini, Chief Financial Officer; and joining me is Vicente Reynal, Chief Executive Officer.

We issued our earnings release and presentation yesterday that we will reference during the call. Both
are available on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.irco.com. In addition, a replay of this
conference call will be available later today.

Before we start, I want to remind everyone that certain statements on this call are forward-looking in
nature and are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in our previous SEC filings, which you
should read in conjunction with the information provided on this call. Please review the forward-looking
statements on Slide 2 for more details.

In addition, in today's remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a
reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance
with GAAP in our slide presentation and in our earnings release, which are both available on the Investor
Relations section of our website.

On today's call, we will provide a company strategy and integration update, review our company and
segment financial highlights and offer 2021 guidance. [Operator Instructions]

At this time, I'll turn the call over to Vicente.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Vik, and good morning to everyone. Before we start, I want to take a moment to reflect.
Think about it, one year ago today, we were 5 days away from day one as an integrated company of
Gardner Denver and the Ingersoll Rand Industrial segment. And what a year we selected to take on a
transformational transaction. Our newly combined company committed to a purpose to lean on us to help
you make life better and a set of values that include having the confidence to take on the most difficult
problems with humility and integrity. And little did we know, we will be tested so quickly.

Looking back on 2020, the global pandemic was challenging for everyone. We will have to adapt and learn
new skills to ensure our essential workers' safety as they worked to provide issue-critical products and
services to serve the frontline of the COVID-19 pandemic. And we turned to our innovation and creativity
to discover new ways to connect with each other, with our customers and with our partners. I'm proud of
every one of our global employees for their resilience, dedication and determination to think and act like
owners and protect and nurture our 1-year old organization.

Our employees are strong. We adapt quickly and move fast. It's part of our culture, and that's not
something you can replicate. It's a competitive advantage and we proved it worked for us this year. The
backbone and economic engine is our Ingersoll Rand execution excellence, but it's our employees who
trust and lead IRX every single day. And thanks to them, we delivered strong results and stand ready to
grow in 2021 and beyond.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Starting on Slide 3. Today, we're going to concentrate our remarks around 3 things: first, how we
accelerated our transformation during 2020; second, how we are unlocking our true potential as a
company as we successfully pivoted to focus on growth and our portfolio optimization; and third, how our
focus on growth is supported through strong business segment performance during Q4 with momentum
continuing in Q1.

Moving to Slide 4. You have seen this before. It's a framework of building a strong foundation, pivoting to
growth and optimizing the portfolio, all guided by our 5 strategic imperatives, down on the left-hand side.
It is a reminder to what we have been executing against to deliver on our commitment.

Turning to Slide 5. That framework shows we achieved substantial traction across all of our strategic
imperatives and pivoted quickly to offense around growth and portfolio optimization, from completing
the Ingersoll Rand Industrial transaction and integrating complementary cultures to awarding one of the
largest equity brands ever given to employees in an industrial company and establishing diversity, equity
and inclusion goals. Our 2020 accomplishments, especially in the area of human capital management, are
a differentiator.

We see a broad-based employee ownership as a game-changer. It takes performance to a new level. We're
thinking and acting like no other. That's one of our core values. It changes the mindset from this is a
company I work for to this is my company. It's a massive shift. Employees are highly engaged and active
participants in our journey to create long-term value. All of these human capital management priorities
are part of why we added operate sustainably as a strategic pillar. And more on that in a minute.

We enhanced our portfolio through bolt-on acquisitions and also the sale of a majority interest high-
pressure solutions setting. Looking ahead to 2021 and beyond, we'll focus on several areas. We're ahead
of plan on our integration as we enter year 2. We are increasing our integration cost synergy target by $50
million to $300 million.

On growth, we're bringing together complementary products across businesses for strategic niche markets
such as water. And we're accelerating new product launches into sustainable industrial markets such as
hydrogen. All of these while we continue to focus on our strong balance sheet to support our inorganic
growth strategy through accretive M&A transactions.

Let's turn to Slide 6. As we successfully appeal to growth and our portfolio penetration, we are unlocking
our maximum potential as a company. Capital allocation is a huge part of my personal focus. And I'll come
back to you with more thoughts on this when ready, but we're actively discussing this with the Board.

To start, last week, we signed an agreement to sell a majority interest in our High Pressure Solutions
segment. At the time of close, we will receive approximately $300 million while retaining a 45% common
equity ownership in the business moving forward.

We view the $300 million alone as a good value as it is approximately 24x 2020 adjusted EBITDA and
also represents a solid multiple of 2021 expected adjusted EBITDA. The remaining terms of the deal are
confidential, and we're not going to comment further, but we view our remaining equity as pure upside in
the medium to long term.

For Ingersoll Rand, the transaction is a meaningful step forward in our transformation. It materially
reduces our direct exposure to the cyclical upstream oil and gas market to less than 2% of revenue and
results in a much more predictable business performance, and all of these while removing minimal current
earnings from the company.

On the M&A front, at the beginning of this month, we completed the purchase of Tuthill Vacuum and
Blower Systems. The transaction is highly complementary to our vacuum and blower technologies and
will operate under the iconic and premium brands of NV Pneumatics and Kinney Vacuum Pumps. As we
pivoted to growth, we accelerate investments in IoT, e-commerce and digitization. Last week, you may
have seen our announcement with Google Cloud for a 5-year collaboration to advance connectivity across
our portfolio. With real time data and machine learning for smarter and more innovative products, we are
strengthening our capabilities to help our customers be successful for the long term along with recent new
products and wins in strategic end markets we have recently shared with you, like hydrogen, life sciences

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

and oil for compressor products. Our work with Google represents one way we are positioning ourselves
for accelerated growth in 2021 and beyond.

Unlocking our true potential means being focused on sustainable technologies in high-growth end markets.
And it also means being focused on our commitment to environmental, social and governance principles
as we see now on Slide 7. Yesterday, we joined a growing number of companies who are embracing their
leadership responsibility to help confront the global threat of climate change. The differentiator is that
we're placing some ambitious milestones for our ESG efforts, where were committing to be net zero
greenhouse gas emission by 2050, but getting to 60% of this goal in less than 10 years, by 2030.

In addition, we have also committed to targets for water and waste reduction. As our purpose states, lean
on us to help you make life better. We want to be an active participant on this important cause for the
long-term sustainability of our planet.

A key advantage for us is using IRX to deliver the performance needed to achieve our environmental
goals. We will provide an ongoing cadence of transparency and disclosure in our second annual
sustainability report being published at the end of May.

I will now turn over the call to Vik to provide an update on financials. Vik?

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Vicente. Moving to Slide 8. Q4 saw a strong balance of commercial and operational execution
fueled by the use of IRX, with ongoing signs of improvement across industrial end markets. We continue
to be pleased with the performance of the company in Q4. Total company orders and revenue increased
12% and 13%, respectively, as compared to Q3 levels, with strong double-digit orders momentum across
each of the segments. In addition, the company continued to drive outperformance on productivity and
synergy initiatives using IRX as the catalyst.

The company delivered fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA of $344 million and adjusted EBITDA margin of
22.8%. This was a 150-basis point improvement from Q3. And on a year-over-year basis, despite mid-
single-digit revenue decline, margins increased 300 basis points. And when adjusted to exclude the High
Pressure Solutions segment, total company margins improved 350 basis points.

Given the strong close in Q4, we had our best performance of the year in terms of managing
decrementals, with adjusted EBITDA increasing by $30 million on a year-over-year basis despite the $78
million decrease in revenue. As we have stated before, quality of earnings has been a key focus, and you
can see the continued momentum we had throughout 2020 on this metric. Cash flow on the balance sheet
was another highlight for the quarter as free cash flow increased to $397 million, yielding total liquidity of
$2.7 billion at year-end.

Moving to Slide 9. For the total company, orders increased 2% and revenue declined 7%, both on an FX-
adjusted basis. This is a meaningful improvement from the comparable 8% and 11% declines we saw in
the third quarter. IT&S, Precision and Science Technologies and Specialty Vehicle Technology segment all
saw positive organic orders growth in the quarter.

Starting first with IT&S. The total segment saw 2% FX-adjusted orders growth with both the Americas
and EMEA regions showing mid-single-digit orders improvement for core compressor, blower and vacuum
equipment. Precision and Science saw a 6% adjusted orders growth in the quarter, the highest level
reached during the entire year. Continued strength in the product lines like medical and Dosatron, both of
which saw double-digit growth, were the major drivers given niche end market exposure in areas like lab,
life sciences and water.

Specialty Vehicles saw continued strong orders performance, up 21% ex FX. Specialty Vehicles showed
positive orders growth each quarter in 2020, and Q4 saw a nice balance with continued strong momentum
in consumer vehicles as well as double-digit growth in golf as well as aftermarket. Overall, we posted a
strong book-to-bill of 1.01 for the quarter. This was much better than the prior year level of 0.92. Given
the typical seasonality we see in the fourth quarter, with strong shipments and book-to-bill below 1, we

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

are encouraged by the Q4 2020 book-to-bill being above 1 as it sets up a healthy backlog moving into
2021.

The company delivered $344 million of adjusted EBITDA, an increase of 10% versus prior year. The IT&S,
Precision and Science and Specialty Vehicle segments all saw year-over-year improvements in adjusted
EBITDA and had strong triple-digit margin expansion. The HVS segment continued to show profitability
despite depressed revenue levels and performed largely in line with expectations. And finally, corporate
costs came in at $32 million for the quarter, consistent with prior expectations and relatively flat to prior
year.

Turning to Slide 10. Quickly touching on the total year. FX-adjusted orders and revenue were down 9%
and 13%, respectively, due primarily to the impacts of COVID-19 in both the IT&S and Precision and
Science segments as well as the known downturn in the upstream energy markets, which impacted the
HPS segment. Despite these headwinds, the business delivered adjusted EBITDA of $1.08 billion and
adjusted EBITDA margin of 20%, which is up 60 basis points versus the prior year or 180 basis points
excluding HPS. This speaks to the team's ability to execute during different business cycles as full year
decrementals were limited to only 15% and the 3 core segments of IT&S, Precision and Science and
Specialty Vehicles all delivered triple-digit adjusted EBITDA margin expansion. This is only possible to the
power of IRX as an execution engine to drive change in every area of the business.

Turning to Slide 11. Free cash flow for the quarter was $397 million, driven by the strong operational
performance across the business and ongoing working capital improvements. Inventory management was
a particular highlight, with a reduction of nearly $60 million as we're starting to see benefits of many of
the operational efficiency projects the team has been deploying as well as the benefit of the improving
commercial environment.

CapEx during the quarter totaled $15 million, and free cash flow included $17 million of outflows related
to the transaction. From a leverage perspective, we finished at 2x, which was a 0.5x improvement
as compared to prior quarter due to both the stronger cash generation in the quarter as well as the
improvement in LTM EBITDA due to the strong Q4 finish. We have now reduced leverage to the same
levels we had prior to the RMT and have line of sight to leverage coming down closer to 1.8x once the HPS
sale concludes.

On the right side of the page, you can see the breakdown of total company liquidity, which now stands
at $2.7 billion based on approximately $1.8 billion of cash and nearly $1 billion of availability on our
revolving credit facility. In total, liquidity has now increased nearly $1.2 billion from the end of Q1.
This gives us considerable flexibility to continue our strategy of M&A, coupled with targeted internal
investments to drive sustainable organic growth.

Moving to Slide 12. We continue to see strong momentum on our cost synergy delivery efforts. Due to
the funnel we have built that stands in excess of $350 million and strong execution, we are increasing
our overall target by $50 million to $300 million. To date, we have already executed approximately
$175 million of annualized synergies, which is approximately 60% of the overall target and a $25 million
increase from prior quarter.

In total, we delivered approximately 40% of our new $300 million target in 2020, which equaled
approximately $115 million of savings. In addition, we expect to deliver an incremental $100 million of
savings in 2021, which would bring the cumulative total to approximately 70% at the end of this year.
We expect a cumulative 85% to 90% of the $300 million in savings by the end of 2022 with the balance
coming in 2023.

The $50 million increase in the target is largely driven from procurement and direct material-oriented
initiatives as the team continues to make good strides both on leveraging the larger spend base of the
company as well as executing on the ITV funnel. ITV is a particular success story. Over the past 6 months,
we have conducted over 20 virtual events with our commercial product management and manufacturing
teams to both build the funnel and start executing on tangible savings. On the right side of the page, we
reported each quarter in terms of our progress on managing decremental margins across the business,
and Q4 was no different.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

I will now turn it back over to Vicente to discuss the segments.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Vik. Moving to Slide 13 and starting with Industrial Technologies and Services. Overall, organic
orders were up 1% and revenue down 8%, leading to a book-to-bill of 0.98x. Despite the revenue decline,
the team delivered strong adjusted EBITDA up 12% and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 26.1%, up 400
basis points year-over-year. Margins were also up 210 basis points sequentially versus Q3.

Let me provide more detail on order performance. Starting with compressors, we saw orders up mid-single
digits. A further breakdown into oil-free and oil-lubricated products shows that orders for both were up
mid-single digits. Oil-free order rates slightly outperformed those of oil-lubricated and speak to the efforts
of leveraging the company's expanded oil-free portfolio and taking advantage of new channels.

Regarding the regional split for orders in compressors. In the Americas, North America performed
comparatively better at up low single digits while Latin America was down high single digits. Mainland
Europe was up high single digits, while India, Middle East and Africa saw a nice inflection of high-teens as
compared to being down double digits in the past 2 quarters. Asia Pacific continued to perform well with
orders up mid-single digits, driven by mid-single-digit growth in China and relatively flattish growth across
the rest of Asia Pacific.

In terms of vacuums and blowers, orders were up mid-teens with strong double-digit growth in the
industrial banking and blower portfolio as well as mid-single-digit growth in the longer-cycle Nash Garo
vacuum business. Moving next to power tools and lifting. The total business was down low-teens in orders.
The tools part of the business was down high single digits in orders compared to down high-teens in Q3.
We expect to pivot to positive orders growth in the first half of the year driven mainly by our enhanced e-
commerce capabilities.

On the right side, you'll see 3 market drivers common to our go-forward segments: sustainability,
digitization and shifting demographics. For each segment, I will comment on how they're stepping forward
to address these drivers.

For IPS, the Google Cloud announcement I referenced earlier is a prime example of how the business is
expanding comprehensive data digitization that will help increase the customers' ability to improve energy
efficiency to support them on achieving their own greenhouse gas emission reduction.

Let me move now to Slide 14 and the Precision and Science Technology segment. Overall, organic orders
were up 5%, driven by the medical and Dosatron businesses, which were both up double digits as well as
healthy growth in the water and general industrial markets from products like Milton Roy. The momentum
on our hygiene solutions continues to build, and we saw some good orders and funnel activity in this
rapidly changing end market.

Revenue was down 8% organically with a major driver being 2 large projects for a large aerospace and
defense company that shipped in Q4 of 2019 within the legacy PFS business. Despite the revenue decline,
the PST delivered strong adjusted EBITDA up 7%. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 30.8%, up 290 basis
points year-over-year. As a reminder, this segment was already generating a very respectable 27.7%
adjusted EBITDA margin back in Q1 of '20. But we're very pleased with how the team continues to
transform these businesses now in Q4 with comparable revenue as what we did in Q1, this segment is
generating 310 basis points more margin.

Looking at the market drivers, the Precision and Science team is meeting the demand for more sustainable
energy sources and launching into markets like hydrogen. From a digital perspective, mainly of our new
pump technology can be controlled, metering and dosing to ensure the safe and reliable dispensing of
chemicals for markets around food sanitation and animal health. And the segment's medical business
is answering the demand for precise liquid handling technology to help advance personalized medicine
research.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Moving to Slide 15 in the Specialty Vehicle Technology segment. Overall, Q4 was another strong quarter
for the Specialty Vehicle team. Orders were up 21% organically and continue to get stronger throughout
the quarter as the consumer offering continues to gain momentum and market share. We also saw an
inflection on growth that continued into Q1. We believe our lithium-ion battery launch is clearly a market
leader, and we're taking share in the market.

Organic revenue was up 8% with improvements across not only vehicles, but also aftermarket parking
services. We feel we're in the early stages here and see potential as we expand the info base that can
be served ongoing with parts and accessories. Adjusted EBITDA of $46 million increased 40% year-
over-year, leading to an adjusted EBITDA margin of 18.7%. And this represents a 420-basis point
improvement versus prior year, again, proving that IRX can be applicable to any business to generate solid
improvements.

We continue to see runway into the future as the team continues to move rapidly on accelerating
initiatives like new product launches and end-user life-cycle management. In terms of SVT's market
drivers, the segment is recognizing and responding to the sustainability and efficiency demand for zero-
emission vehicles to replace gas engine vehicles. For example, in Q4, we saw more than 80% unit growth
for lithium cars versus the prior year.

Digitization is critical also as owners expect connected cars to provide real time data on their vehicle. The
data can range from maintenance information, location-based data or infotainment services. And from a
demographic shift perspective, we're seeing a higher demand for families to own this [ creation ], zero-
emission consumer vehicles used for short distance driving at low speeds.

Moving to Slide 16 and the High Pressure Solutions segment. The business performed largely in line with
expectations in the midst of continued lower demand in the oil and gas market. Order and revenue were
down 51% and 42%, respectively, which was an improvement over the decline seen both in Q2 and Q3.
Nearly 90% of the revenue base continues to come from aftermarket parts and services. And the business
delivered positive adjusted EBITDA of $2.5 million and incremental of 40% despite the meaningful revenue
decline.

Beginning with the first quarter of 2021, and due to the recently announced sell, the HPS business will be
classified as discontinued operations in all future periods, and we will retroactively adjust the comparable
prior periods. Within the income statement, the historical HPS business results will be presented on a
single financial statement line below operating income. And upon deal closure, we will account for our
45% interest under the equity method of accounting. This means we will record our proportionate share
of the HPS business income or loss for the period through a single financial statement line below operating
income.

Moving to Slide 17. We will review guidance for 2021. Given the pending sale, the HPS segment will not
be included in our revenue or adjusted EBITDA guidance for the year. Starting with revenue growth, we
expect total Ingersoll Rand revenue to be up high single digits to low double digits on an actual quarter
basis. This is comprised of mid-single-digit organic growth across each of the 3 segments. FX is expected
to be a low single-digit tailwind for the business on a total year basis given the weakening of the U.S.
dollar against many a foreign currency like euro and British pound. FX assumption are based on December
2020 exit rates.

And finally, we expect the M&A impact to be approximately $60 million, driven primarily by the Tuthill
acquisition in the IPS segment. From a patient perspective, we anticipate the first half of the year to be up
low double digits, driven by the prior year impact of COVID-19, particularly in China in Q1 2020 and the
rest of the world starting in Q2 of 2020. In addition, the FX tailwinds will be most evident during the first
half of 2021. Overall growth in the second half of the year is expected to normalize a bit comparatively,
but still be up high single digits. As is typical, we expect Q1 to be comparatively lighter than the remaining
2021 quarters.

Based on these revenue assumptions, we're introducing 2021 adjusted EBITDA guidance of $1.23 billion to
$1.26 billion. The range includes an expectation for approximately $100 million of incremental transaction-
related cost synergies with slight offsets due to 2 factors: first, 35 -- approximately $35 million to $40

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

million of temporary costs taken out in 2020 returning to the P&L; and second, some expected material
and logistics inflation given current dynamics across the global supply chain. We continue to monitor
overall inflation and will take appropriate incremental pricing actions if and when warranted.

In terms of cash generation, we expect free cash flow conversion to adjusted net income to be greater or
equal to 100%. CapEx is expected to be approximately 1.5% to 2% of revenues. And finally, we expect
the adjusted tax rate to be between 23% and 24% as compared to the 24.3% rate seen in 2020.

Moving to Slide 18. As we wrap today's call, I reflect on 2020 as a year that changed us all. We took
every measure to prioritize our employees' safety while enabling our essential workers to maintain their
livelihood and that is because our employees lean on us. We concentrated on delivering our mission-
critical products and services to the frontline of the COVID-19 pandemic side because our customers lean
on us. And we even proactively reached out to area health care providers to donate the use of sub-degree
freezers to store COVID-19 vaccines because communities also lean on us.

So we take a role as a sustainably-minded, employee-owned industry leader seriously as can be seen
by our clear commitment to reducing our impact on the environment. And I am proud of every single
team member in our company for how we came together and delivered to protect the interest of all of our
stakeholders this year.

What a difference a year makes. In the threshold of our 1-year anniversary, it's been a momentous ride,
creating a differentiated culture and improving the performance of our company. I am confident we will
continue to transform Ingersoll Rand and deliver increased value to all of our shareholders.
And with that, I'll turn the call back to the operator and open for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And your first question here comes from the line of Nicole Deblase from Deutsche
Bank.

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Maybe we could start by just talking about if you guys are seeing any impact to production or your supply
chain relative to COVID and how confident you feel about the ability to ramp-up as we move into 2Q when
presumably growth should be pretty significant.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Nicole, I'll say that, I mean, we're clearly not immune to what is happening out there in the supply
chain, whether delivering or kind of the logistics side. I think the good news here is, I'd say 2 things.
One, we have always said that we're in the region for the region. So we're really colocated, our factories,
to really support our customers in the regions. And for the most part, a lot of our supply chain is really
colocated within kind of close proximity of the factory. So that has not been a material impact to us.

And I think the second point that it has been good for us is that with the combination of the companies,
we have a larger supply chain. And as we have gone through the procurement and the rationalization
of suppliers, we're selecting some pretty strong partners that are here to support us from a global
perspective and that is kind of leading to having that disruption that perhaps orders are seeing.

So in terms of ramping the capacity, we just don't foresee that to be an issue. I mean, for the most part,
most of our factories, they operate under one-shift operations. And if we have to expand that, that should
be just a matter of expanding capacity from incremental shares.

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. And then when you think about the proceeds from HPS once the divestiture closes or
the partial divestiture, is the idea that, that's going to be used completely to pay down debt? I know you
mentioned bringing down leverage on a pro forma basis. And is that indicative of maybe the M&A pipeline
just not being very full right now?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, no. I think, Nicole, as we mentioned, I mean, capital allocation is definitely one of my top priorities.
And we're having constant conversation with the Board. We'll provide an update here in due course.
But yes, I mean, we're very excited where we are. You have seen that we're still playing a pretty large
addressable market, highly fragmented. Our M&A funnel is really robust, very strong. And it's just a
matter of making sure that we're disciplined with current valuations. But it's something that we're going to
remain really active.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Mike Halloran from Baird.

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

So let's start on the cost-out side. So uptick the target from $250 million to $300 million funnel, still $350
million, but obviously, you're talking about some upside to that. So 2 things. One, can you talk through

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

the components of what you've seen that give you confidence to raise it from $250 million to $300 million?
And then also maybe talk about what's some of the things that are out there that would raise the synergy
target funnel above that $350 million level.

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Sure, Mike. This is Vik. I'll take that one. I think like we've said, we had a larger funnel in the course
of $350 million. And I think the teams have been executing really well. I think a large part of the, what
I call, structural actions are really behind us. Really, most of those have taken much more closer to the
merger. And really, what you've seen the momentum building on here is really execution across really the
more direct material-focused components of that funnel. So really, what I'll call, procurements as well as
now really getting deep into the I2V equation.

So I think a lot of what you're seeing is just good execution. Like we always said, we have a larger funnel.
I'd say that, no, not every idea in the funnel is going to necessarily translate straight to the bottom line.
But the team is executing really well. We saw really good momentum, including in fourth quarter. Our
annualized synergy number actually increased in fourth quarter compared to where we were in Q3. And so
it gave us the confidence to be able to increase the synergy target up to $300 million.

I think in terms of the second part of your question, what would give us kind of increased confidence
to increase it further from there. I think it's really continued execution. What's really ahead of us here
is items like procurement, I2V and footprint. And we've always been very disciplined in saying that the
footprint piece of this equation was always going to come more so towards the back end of the kind of 3-
year plan. Nothing has changed in that perspective.

But I think now as we're moving into kind of our second year as a combined company, now the teams are
really starting to kind of build out that footprint funnel and start to see kind of some of that momentum.
So I think that's really, time will tell in terms of being able to kind of increase the number from there, but
we're optimistic about where we've gone thus far.

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

And then the second one here. When you think about assumptions embedded in the revenue guidance
for the year, maybe just talk a little bit about what the cadencing looks like. Obviously, first half, second
half dynamics, you laid out in prepared remarks as well as on the slide deck. But are you seeing normal
sequentials? Are you assuming a pretty conservative ramp through the year? Maybe just give some
context on what type of environment is embedded in the assumptions as you look at the 3 units.

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Mike, I think in general, I think what you can expect is a quarterly phasing in terms of revenue,
should be quite comparable to what we've seen in 2020 in terms of percent of sales per quarter. And
what you typically see there is Q1 is typically the lightest quarter as customers kind of reload budgets
and things of that nature as well as the Chinese New Year holidays in the first quarter. Second and third
quarter, in between, and Q4 typically becomes the heaviest quarter, again, for the same dynamics that
we've seen historically as well as some of our, I'd say, larger project businesses tend to ship more so in
the fourth quarter or the second half of the year.

So again, I don't think anything is largely different in that respect when you think about the kind of overall
equation. And 2020 is probably a pretty good proxy to use in terms of the quarterly phasing and applying
that to 2021.

Michael Patrick Halloran
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

So if I hear you right then, you're basically assuming normal sequentials from the current run rate. No real
acceleration in the environment from an underlying perspective for the year.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, I think that's a fair way to describe it. Like we mentioned in the prepared remarks, I think we
continue to see the overall kind of industrial demand environment improving sequentially kind of as you
saw through Q4. I think as you look at it in the context of 2021, we see a fairly similar cadence to what we
saw in prior year.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Barclays.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe just starting off with that adjusted EBITDA guide for the year. Just wanted to confirm that, that
implies around 30% incremental margin or so. And then I understand there's $100 million of extra cost
synergies as a tailwind for the EBITDA. Maybe give any color around the headwinds embedded in that
guide from, say, that the scale of temporary costs coming back, any kind of input cost headwind, that sort
of thing.

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Sure, Julian. I'll take that one. So I think in terms of the incrementals that we're expecting on a total
year basis, on an all-in basis, I'd say, growth as well as the some of the synergies as well as some of the
other cost headwinds, it's probably closer to about a 35% incremental or slightly higher depending on
some of the quarters. But it's a little bit closer to 35% is kind of the implied incremental on an all-in basis,
which we actually see is pretty healthy given kind of the puts and takes. And it does, of course, include
reinvestment back in the business as we're kind of focused on sustainable organic growth as we move
forward.

I think in terms of the -- some of the moving pieces, I think you hit it on the head here. In addition to
just kind of the organic growth in the M&A and some of the FX tailwinds that we called out in guidance, a
couple of pieces I'd probably include: one, the $100 million that you spoke to in terms of the incremental
synergy savings. That's the year 2 of our transaction-related integration savings. The second item then on
the headwinds would really be the $35 million to roughly $40 million of temp costs really coming back into
the equation, really ramping as we move through the back half of the year.

And then we have baked in a nominal amount of inflation. We're not necessarily quantifying the exact
dollar amount. But as you would expect, and as Vicente mentioned, we're seeing some of the kind of
normal, I'd say, supply chain and logistics-oriented inflation that you would expect. So those are probably
the major pieces in terms of the, I'd say, the components that we're seeing. And I think that hopefully
kind of characterizes the components.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

And then maybe my second question, just around the free cash flow was very, very strong in 2020. Just
wanted to confirm sort of what's left in terms of cash costs to achieve synergies and maybe what the
phasing of that is embedded in your free cash flow in sort of '21 and '22.

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Sure. Julian, I think we can keep it relatively high level. I mean, we still -- we do definitely have, I'd
say, a fair amount of, what I'll call, a continued integration of the company as well as synergy delivery,
particularly on the footprint side. So again, I think we've been saying, roughly speaking, on average,
about $20 million to $30 million per quarter has typically kind of been what you've seen in terms of cash

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

costs going out the door for execution. I don't think that's a bad placeholder to use for 2021 as you look
forward.

So again, I think the equation still largely holds in terms of the expectations for the savings and the
ultimate amount of cash costs going out the door. The only difference is we've really taken up the synergy
number. We don't really feel like we need to increase the amount of cash out the door that we're expecting
to spend to be able to deliver it.

So again, I think we're pretty encouraged by how we've managed to execute to a higher number in terms
of synergies, but continue to keep the kind of cash outflow is pretty disciplined. But remember, we do have
the footprint piece of the equation ahead of us, which, again, does tend to be a little bit more on the cost
side.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Just wondering if we could come back to the kind of the margin discussion a little bit. And if you could
elaborate a little bit on what you're expecting for price realization over the course of 2021. And just to
be clear on your comments about cost, were those kind of inflationary pressures net of pricing actions?
Perhaps you could just provide a little more color on that.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Jeff, let me kind of give you a little bit of color on the price. Price, we definitely -- we generated price in
the fourth quarter. I mean, we have said it very well that our products are such a mission-critical in the
entire process that I would have been highly strategic on the price equation, that we will continue to do so
as we go into 2021. And Vik, do you want to comment about the headwind here?

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. So Jeff, I think the way I would think about the headwinds are -- we view those headwinds as kind
of separate from the pricing equation that Vicente just mentioned. Net-net, we do expect to be price cost
positive. That's kind of the trend you've seen historically in the business. And I think the other thing to
mention here is to the degree inflationary pressure potentially becomes higher, if that's really how things
play out, we're not seeing that just yet, but we want to continue to look at price as a lever to be able to
pass that through. So I think right now, we see everything that's kind of price cost on sort of inflation at
this point in time.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

And could you also give us some thoughts on what you actually expect HPS to do in 2021? Vicente, I think
you kind of mentioned a multiple on '21. I didn't catch it when you said it, but that implied an earnings
number. Just thinking about what kind of placeholder should be coming through on equity income.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Jeff, we're not providing the guidance on HPS in 2021 or anything further in terms of kind of the
details of the transaction. What I said on the remarks is that when you look at the $300 million of cash,
equals to roughly 24x EBITDA of 2020. And also, it implies a pretty good multiple on -- based on expected
2021, but we're not guiding to any specific number for 2021.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

I'm sorry, can I just ask one more quick one? Backlogs were characterized as healthy. But can you
just give some context? Are they -- where they stand, maybe backlogs as a percent of kind of forward
projected sales. Are they normal in that regard? Do they give you kind of comfort and visibility in the top
line forecast? And I'll stop there.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. No problem, Jeff. When you look at the 3 segments, you can characterize -- I'll start with maybe
the Specialty Vehicles. You've seen the bookings momentum. I mean, definitely, they're coming in really
strong into 2021 with very, very robust kind of backlog. ITS saw some very good, large long-cycle orders
as well in the fourth quarter. So that really -- and also with some of the orders that we received in the
third quarter that kind of gets shippable into 2021. So the backlog in IPS is coming in also better than
what we have seen historically.

And the Precision and Science is really more kind of more on the short cycle. They don't have that long
cycle with the exception of the hydrogen orders. And those, we saw a few of them that we called out on
some press releases in the third quarter. And we continue to see the funnel momentum of that continue to
grow. So all in all, we feel pretty good position in terms of where we're -- we have the backlog coming into
2021.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So I guess we've come a long way from talking about fluid end pricing. So just really congrats on the
overall portfolio transition the last few years.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Josh.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So in kind of the compressor, vacuum, blower or more traditional side of IT&S, maybe a bit stronger on
orders than you would normally see at this stage of recovery. I mean comps aren't really even truly easy
yet. I know you're not big in semiconductor, maybe relative to your other big competitor out there. But
can you maybe contextualize what's going on in the market and why orders are bouncing back so hard?
It doesn't seem like it would be capacity for your customers, but some sort of debottlenecking or near-
shoring, or like any way you would characterize what is -- seems to be kind of earlier strength?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So we're obviously excited with what the team has been able to accomplish there. As we have kind
of articulated in the past, that vacuum and blower, as you very well said, is mostly industrial. We don't
really play in the semiconductor market. And it's really due to the nature of the kind of the niche business
that we have in terms of applications. And the team on the vacuum side, they continue to win new OEM
accounts. And these OEM accounts are basically new, pretty unique applications. And the blower, some
good momentum on water and wastewater treatment facilities as well as some other kind of niche end
markets that we have been very actively engaged in opening.

And when you combine some of that with the activity that we're driving with demand generation in this
kind of highly fragmented end market, it's really what's causing that kind of good solid momentum to
perhaps show the ability to take some market share.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. And then I guess just speaking to that fragmented end market, you guys are kind of
a rarity in U.S. industrials that you've been able pretty consistently defined properties over the last several
years at pretty steep discounts on valuation to yourselves. I know the properties in general tend to be
on the smaller side, but are there a lot of [ Hills ], Albins, Runtechs out there to be found? Like is this a
flywheel you guys can keep going? Because obviously, the balance sheet and cash flow are in good shape.
It's more of a question of do you have a place to consistently play it?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

I will say yes, Josh, it is. It is something that we spent a lot of time, even in 2020, improving our process,
how focused we are with process and our M&A process from stage 0 in terms of ideas and cultivation has
dramatically improved. Also the level of investments that we have done with the team across the different
segments to really support more penetration of M&A and the leverage of even IRX as a way to every
week, we kind of review some key critical performance indicators on things that we're adding to the funnel
and how the funnel velocity is working, particularly in M&A. I think that's working really well.

And so to answer your question, yes, I mean I think we see some continued pretty good momentum
on the funnel activity and what could translate into acquisitions for us. And yes, we're very -- also very
prudent on the price. We continue to be highly disciplined on that.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research.

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

My question is a little bit just on the Google Cloud announcement that you made. I'm curious if that
brings you new revenue models in the next 5 years? I'm a little bit curious if it's -- if it puts you ahead of
competition, how you thought about the decision strategically and how it relates to how you interact with
customers.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Sure. Yes, Rob, to your question, absolutely. I mean this should help us become more creative on new
revenue streams over the next 5 years. And when you think about it, the potential of what we have
here is that in North America alone, when you look at all of our assets, when you look at particularly the
segment of Industrial Technologies and Precision Science, we have over 1 million assets in the field in
North America alone.

So as we continue to find ways on how we connect them and how we harvest the data and how we
leverage now the supercomputing power from Google Cloud to be able to create better predictive analytics
and better data rating streams, I think that's the power of what we see here over the next few years. And
we're very excited that it's a fairly rigorous process. We were able to select Google Cloud as one of those
partners that can help us really harvest a lot of these data and analytics over the next few years to come.

Robert Cameron Wertheimer
Melius Research LLC

Do you have any comment on how connected that asset base is today, what you are doing internally and
what you gain with Google? Is the groundwork done for the analytics to start? Or do you have a lot to
invest?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

So some of the groundwork has been done on the compressors. I think the excitement here too as well
is now as, let's say, that you go to specific end markets. And we alluded to some of these on our last
earnings call, on how when you look at the water, wastewater, we have multiple of assets that could
be connected to really optimize the entire process. This is what we see, the power of realizing with the
Google analytics, but we're in the early stages on that one.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So obviously, great job navigating a really, really tough environment this year. I guess as I'm thinking
about the medium term for you guys from a margin perspective, you exited the year really strong in both
ITS and PST. I'm just wondering, like how do we think about the medium-term targets for both of those
segments just given the upside synergies? Like can ITS be like sustainably in the high 20s? I'm just trying
to think about this like really kind of beyond '21 into 2022, 2023.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Joe, I -- to answer the question specifically, yes, I mean, we haven't come out with a specific
guidance in terms of the medium term of where we see the margin profile to come. But I mean look, ITS,
I mean, finishing the fourth quarter at 26% margin. And if you remember back in the Gardner Denver
days, we said that Industrial segment, we wanted to be in the mid-20s. So -- but we also said that
mid-20s is not the cap, and that's just kind of a milestone, and we see more room for improvement from
there on.

When you kind of open the door inside ITS, I mean, we have -- as you know, we're running P&Ls, and we
have definitely P&Ls that are way above that kind of mid-20s. So we know that we have a model on how
to get an impact, on how to get to that kind of high 20s.

In the Precision and Science, you saw -- I've made some commentary, very proud of the team. When
we started with that business in Q1 of this year, the business was doing a respectable high 20s, and we
finished at above 30 on an exit rate. So do we see a potential on that continuing? I'll make the same
analogy. Back, the medical business when we had that with Gardner Denver, we were in maybe the
mid-20s and we ended up in the 30s. And again, we see -- we also said that, that was just kind of a
milestone, but more room for us to improve on that. So we'll comment here maybe sometime soon in
terms of kind of how we think about the medium guidance for some of those segments, but we definitely
see continued room for improvement from here and beyond.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. No, that's helpful and great to hear, Vicente. I guess my one follow-up question, I had to ask you
about the portfolio just given the announcement in HPS. So I guess maybe 2 questions. One, just on HPS
and keeping the 45% ownership here, like I guess, what's the kind of thought process? Is it to play in
some of the upside and potentially then monetize it in the future? And then how are you thinking about
the rest of the portfolio because there are other pieces? But this maybe doesn't necessarily fit longer term,
but I'd be curious to hear any thoughts around that as well.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Joe, I think we're very excited with the HPS for multiple reasons. I mean one, this kind of -- we found
a great partner with AIP. And we're also very excited with the team, on them becoming that pure play
in the upstream oil and gas with a very premium product and very premium business. I think we're --
we view it really good because we were able to lock in some cash, but at the same time, as you said,
participate in any of the potential upside that could come. I mean, this -- as you know, there's multiple

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

cycles that can happen here. And as we continue to see, we get that 45% participation in terms of what
could come next.

And in terms of your other questions, I mean, clearly, as we said in the past, I mean we look at all
possible scenarios. And to the degree that we can create shareholder value by doing something creative
with some of the businesses that might not be that properly aligned, we won't hesitate to explore those
options. And I think we just want to be thoughtful and strategic and disciplined on how we do that.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies.

Stephen Edward Volkmann
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Maybe just back to Joe's margin question quickly. Any difference amongst the segments and how we
should think about incrementals for 2021?

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I'll take that one. I think the way to think about it is, I think ITS will probably be, at least from
a year-over-year perspective, probably the healthiest overall just because, frankly, a lot of the cost
synergies, as we've mentioned before, are much more isolated or centralized, I should say, in the IT&S
segment.

In terms of the Precision and Science and Specialty Vehicles businesses, the incrementals there will be
a little bit more muted just on a year-over-year basis. Frankly, a little bit of balancing in terms of the
mix, in terms of the top line. If you remember on the Precision Science, we did see a pretty strong in-
swell of COVID-related demand in 2020. On the medical side, that actually came at a pretty good margin
premium. That is obviously not expected to recur in 2021, replace it a little bit with more what I'll call
general industrial and then obviously, some of the investments back in. And then the SVT business kind of
comparable.

As the commercial and golf businesses tend to kind of normalize, you're not going to necessarily see that
mix be quite as what it was in 2020. And we obviously continue to invest for new products and growth. So
again, I think IT&S is where you'll see it a little bit more pronounced.

Stephen Edward Volkmann
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then if I could just ask about kind of recurring revenue and services and
maybe both near and longer term. I mean, are you guys able to get out and do the servicing? Do we have
some pent-up demand there? And then longer term, are we getting those types of contracts? I know that's
been a target for you guys, just maybe an update there.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Steve, I think we definitely are able to go get out there and do a lot of these service work, and we
have a fantastic team that's being creative not only by doing that physically, but in some cases, even
remotely as we kind of connect more and more machines. And as we continue to go forward, absolutely,
I mean, we see a lot of good potential here based on our install base and the technologies that we're
launching with IoT and then now here further expanding into -- with the connectivity with Google Cloud,
being able to be more pronounced on how we can create some unique service agreements.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research.

Nigel Edward Coe

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Wolfe Research, LLC

Not a whole lot to really run through here. But I did want to go back to the synergies. And obviously,
procurement has been a big source of cost savings. With the sort of the supply chain issues you've seen
out there, is that limiting in any way your ability to get procurement savings in the near term? Doesn't feel
like it is, but just wanted to put that in there.

And then the second part SG&A is relatively small part of the synergy mix. I'm just wondering now you've
had IR in for a year now whether you see a bit more potential for G&A?

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Sure, Nigel. I'll take both of those. I think on the procurement front, like we said, there is some
inflation in the system, but does that prohibit us from being able to deliver on the procurement savings.
And I'll even -- I'll just make that even broader, the direct material equation, whether it be classical
procurement from leveraging a larger spend base as well as now the I2V savings funnel. I think the
answer is no. You've seen the continued momentum. Obviously, the conviction in raising the synergy
target of $300 million. I think that we have a pretty good line of sight and pretty good conviction in being
able to deliver those procurement and direct material-oriented numbers.

And then on the G&A side, again, I'd say there's always room for opportunities. But I think, like we've
said, the majority of the more structural-related savings and cost take-out, you really saw that much more
executed in 2020. So again, I would say that part is kind of largely behind us. But we'll always look for
rooms for optimization.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay, great. And then just going back to Joe's question on the portfolio. Just curious, just given the
performance of SVT, much better than we would have expected, probably better than what you expected
as well. How has your view on SVT evolved over the past 12 months? And how confident are you that this
kind of performance can be sustained beyond reopening?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I mean, I think I put it in a couple of ways there, Nigel. I mean, I think what you see on the SVT
is clearly great performance-based on product launches that the team has done on the consumer side.
When you look at also commentary that we made, even the Q4, also very good momentum in golf, again,
based on new product launches that they have done, particularly with lithium battery cars that they have
launched.

So we feel that the team has taken some good market share and they're not done yet. I mean, was
COVID maybe an accelerator or accentuate the decision-making for some consumers to really buy now
versus maybe buy later? Yes, it could be. But I think what's exciting is that the momentum has continued.
What is also exciting is that the team is getting ready to make some pretty good product launches in
2021, not only the consumer, but also the utility market. That could play very well not only in the U.S.
but also in Europe. So I think the team is really hitting in all cylinders. We're supporting with great
investments and more to come.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones from Stifel.

Nathan Hardie Jones
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

A couple of questions on investments in growth here. Can you talk about kind of what kind of level of
reinvestment you're making in growth at the moment? And what the kind of potential to take that to your

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

view? And then the 1.5% to 2% CapEx seems a little low to me. Can you talk about opportunity to invest
more here in order to drive better growth?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Nathan, in terms of investment on growth, multiple ways. One, on the corporate side, I mean, we're
continuing to make some pretty good investments on some of our -- the kind of demand generation
activities as well as what you have seen here with the Google Cloud. And then within the businesses,
absolutely, we're making some very solid investments. Maybe some that I can highlight on the Precision
and Science, the team is making their investments in the hydrogen and really seeing some acceleration in
terms of the product launches that they expect to get as well as commercialization by investing on feet on
the street throughout the world.

And on industrial technology, heavy investment on product launches. Now that we have the combined 2
companies, particularly on the compressor side, there's going to be a very good cadence of the execution
of what we were planning and delivering and working through 2020 that is getting executed and launched
now here to the year.

And in terms of CapEx, sure, I mean, absolutely. We think 1.5% to 2%. I mean, we're typically very light,
very light CapEx base. So -- but if the team comes in with a great proposal that provides some very good
return on invested capital, we look at ROIC even on a CapEx basis, then we'll do it.

Nathan Hardie Jones
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And then I wanted to ask one about revenue synergies. I know when we put these businesses
together, revenue synergies is one avenue for creating value, but was also likely to take longer to really
start to kick in. So now a year in, can you talk about what you've opportunities seen, what successes
you've seen and what to expect in the future?

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Sure, Nathan. I'll touch it at kind of high level. Obviously, we haven't necessarily quantified growth
synergies externally. But clearly, it's strategic. And you've seen a lot of the momentum that we're actually
driving, whether it be in the organic growth numbers that we've actually guided to, things around
the water end market, some of the leveraging of the oil-free compressor technologies and the kind of
expanded channel the market that the combined company has brought. I think that probably each of the
segments, particularly in IT&S and Precision Science, have a good funnel of what -- all growth synergies
that they've been executing to that you're really going to kind of see embedded, what I would tell you,
within kind of the organic growth numbers.

And I think we're really encouraged. You've seen some of the healthy order numbers. We talked about
kind of the healthy backlog that we have exiting the year. I think you're starting to see some of those
revenue synergies starting to click in.

So again, we're not going to necessarily guide to them explicitly, but I think you've seen a lot of
momentum, and what we're going to continue to do is give you those examples and kind of give you that
color as we continue to kind of leverage that kind of revenue synergy base in the combined company.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of John Walsh from Credit Suisse.

John Fred Walsh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Just one here from me. Going back to the free cash flow guidance for this year, the greater than or equal
to the 100%, is there another way you guys could kind of articulate what you're expecting in terms of free

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

cash flow, either through a free cash flow margin or maybe free cash flow as a percent of EBITDA and
then how you kind of think about that going forward as well?

Vikram U. Kini
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. John, I think we're going to -- obviously, the guidance we gave was greater than or equal to 100%
of adjusted net income, which we think is probably the right way to look at it, clearly taking a lot of the
purchase accounting implications and things of that -- out of the equation.

I think if you look, for example, at 2020, how we're able to deliver, we were quite pleased. Obviously, we
saw some pretty good headwinds -- I'm sorry, some good tailwinds in the context stuff. Probably a little bit
lower than normal CapEx and some pretty good working capital management. But the good news here, as
we look into 2021, we see some strong equal opportunities, whether it be cash interest, which is coming
down with all of our fixed interest rate swaps having rolled off in the second half of the year, the tax rate
expected to be lower and also some good net working capital opportunity.

So again, I think the guidance itself, I think, is pretty prudent. We would expect to see strong cash flow
over the course of the entire year, much like you saw in 2020. Obviously, some of the opportunities now
though are really starting to click in and some of the things we've mentioned before in terms of really the
tax rate and working capital.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Markus Mittermaier from UBS.

Markus M. H. Mittermaier
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Just a quick one. On procurement execution, obviously, good to see the incremental $50 million here.
Could you remind us what's the total spend base here for direct and indirect? And how far through that
spend base are you now roughly in sort of consolidating spend, picking in new suppliers? Just trying to get
a sense of visibility here for how far that incremental $50 million goes in that total spend base.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, no. Sure, good question. I mean, so we do roughly a little bit above $2 billion. It's kind of the mark
that we said that we were going to do in terms of RFQs and negotiation and stuff like that. And we're
maybe 3/4 of the way through there. So we still have another portion that we still need to go through the
process. As you can imagine, it's just a lot of detail that the team is going through. So we still have some
way to go to cover all that $2 billion plus.

Markus M. H. Mittermaier
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. That's very helpful. And then second one, if I may. Just on compressor, then a follow-up to the
earlier discussion on order intake. I mean, what sticks out to me, particularly, is that high single-digit
Europe order intake. Is that positive mix for you guys in Europe? Or is there some share gains versus
some of the, obviously, our strong European peers? How should we think about that in the quarter?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I think the team is really executing pretty well in Europe, in the combination of the power of the
multiple brands. I mean, as you know, in Europe, we had CompAir as one of the leading brands in Europe
and now Ingersoll Rand and also Champion. So we have a multibrand approach, and we're just leveraging
the channel across all the regions. And we feel that, yes, the team is really executing well and potentially
taking some share based on the numbers.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Your next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz from Citi.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Vicente, could you give us some more color into how you're thinking about growth in the APAC region in
'21 as we know it's a strategic area of growth for you? China looks solid, but maybe the rest of the APAC
remains a bit weak since you have a bigger presence there with the merger. Could you update us on your
progress in the region?

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I mean, so obviously, 2 sub segments there. I mean, China, the team is really doing fantastically well.
I mean, we have great leadership. We just went through a lot of the accelerated commercialization based
on the combination of the 2 brands and the technologies just here before the Chinese New Year. And it's
exciting to see the momentum they're continuing to build. And we always said Southeast Asia is definitely
an area of opportunity for us. It is -- it is an area of opportunity for not only Gardner Denver, but also
Ingersoll Rand. And now with the combination of the 2, we can actually really go after a better channel
and better end market channel.

So we're being very selective. The team is really appropriately investing in that region. So it's just a lot of
good potential opportunity that we see in the Southeast Asia.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then guidance for mid-single-digit revenue growth for the segments makes sense for '21. But
just looking at Specialty Vehicle, you mentioned orders strengthened through the quarter, up over 20%.
So are you expecting some sort of slowdown there? I know the comparisons are more difficult versus the
other segments. But it seems like very good momentum versus that guidance for '21 in that segment.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

Yes, it's definitely a very good momentum. I mean, I think we're being a bit more prudent in terms of
maybe some normalization coming here in the second half. And as we continue to see momentum from
product launches and kind of market activities, we will update.

But I think the team is very focused on delivering to the commitments that they have now. And we're just
being kind of more prudent based on the normalization that could be seen here in the second half. And
normalization, I mean just the tough comps. I mean, probably some pretty hefty comps that they need to
overcome based on what they were able to execute in 2020. But we see room for improvement.

Operator

And there are no further questions. I will turn the call back over to Vicente for any closing comments.

Vicente Reynal
CEO, President & Director

We want to say thank you to everyone for their interest. I know that in these calls, many of our employees
around -- across the world join to listen to the excitement of what they have been able to accomplish. And
to all of them, I just want to pass another big thank you. 2020 was a phenomenal year. We're about to
celebrate our 1-year anniversary all together here. And what a phenomenal journey it has been. And this
is just the beginning, we're getting started, and there's just definitely much more to come. So thank you.
Thanks, everyone.

Operator
And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

INGERSOLL RAND INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

