Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. 

NYSE:ICE
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 29, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.98

1.03

Revenue  (mm)

1380.81

1411.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-23-2020 11:52 AM GMT

5.10

2.19

1.07

4.40

4.71

1545.95

5879.63

6593.38

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.95

1.22

1.04

0.98

0.95

1.28

1.07

1.03

0.00 %

4.92 %

2.88 %

5.10 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Benjamin R. Jackson
President

Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Scott Anthony Hill
Chief Financial Officer

Warren Gardiner
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Arinash Ghosh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Jeremy Edward Campbell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Kenneth Brooks Worthington
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. My name is Andrea, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would
like to welcome everyone to the Intercontinental Exchange Third Quarter Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions]

Thank you. Mr. Gardiner, you may begin your conference.

Warren Gardiner
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. Good morning. Its third quarter 2020 earnings release and presentation can be found
in the Investors section of theice.com. These items will be archived and our call will be available for
replay. Today's call may contain forward-looking statements. These statements, of which we undertake
no obligation to update, represent our current judgment and are subject to risks, assumptions and
uncertainties. For a description of the risks that could cause our results to differ materially from those
described in forward-looking statements, please refer to our 2019 Form 10-K, third quarter Form 10-Q and
other filings with the SEC. In our earnings supplement, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures, including
adjusted income, EPS, operating income, operating margin, expenses, effective tax rate and debt-to-
adjusted EBITDA. We believe our non-GAAP measures are more reflective of our cash operations and core
business performance.

You'll find a reconciliation to the equivalent GAAP term in the earnings materials and an explanation of
why we deem this information to be meaningful, as well as how management uses these measures in our
Form 10-Q. When used on this call, net revenue refers to revenue net of transaction-based expenses and
adjusted earnings refers to adjusted diluted earnings per share.

Throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, references to revenue growth is on a constant
currency basis. Please see the explanatory notes on the second page of the earnings supplement for
additional details regarding the definition of certain items.

With us on the call today are Jeff Sprecher, Chairman and CEO; Scott Hill, Chief Financial Officer; and Ben
Jackson, our President. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott.

Scott Anthony Hill
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Warren. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll begin on Slide 4 with
some year-to-date and third quarter highlights. Through the first 9 months of 2020, we've generated
record revenues, record adjusted operating income and record adjusted earnings per share, all of which
have grown double digit over a record year in 2019. This strong business performance allowed us to return
$1.7 billion of capital to our shareholders, 10% more than in the prior year. And importantly, our solid
financial position enabled us to invest $11 billion to expand our mortgage network through the acquisition
of Ellie Mae. For the third quarter, we generated earnings per share of $1.03 on net revenues of $1.4
billion. Data services revenues grew to a record $589 million, an increase of 6% versus the prior year.
Trading and Clearing revenues totaled $711 million.

Of note, our total mortgage revenues in the third quarter grew 62% on a pro forma basis versus third
quarter a year ago, while ICE's total net revenues pro forma for Ellie Mae grew 7% year-over-year. Third
quarter adjusted operating expenses totaled $611 million, including $29 million related to Ellie Mae. Total
expenses would have been roughly $7 million higher, if not for some credits, we don't expect to repeat in
subsequent quarters.

As we move into the fourth quarter, we expect marketing expenses to accelerate related to a robust IPO
pipeline and the launch of bAKKT Mobile Consumer Finance app. Combined with a full quarter of Ellie

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

expenses, which we expect will contribute around $105 million to $110 million, we expect fourth quarter
adjusted operating expenses in the range of $695 million to $705 million.

Now let's move to Slide 5, where I'll provide an overview of the performance of our Trading and Clearing
segment. In our commodity markets, lower energy revenues were largely a result of elevated volatility
across our markets in the third quarter of last year, which related to the September attack on Saudi
Arabian oil fields. Importantly, however, energy open interest, which we believe is the best indicator of the
long-term strength of our business, is currently up 9% versus a year ago. In our Ags & metals complex
revenues were also lower year-over-year, reflecting continued global trade uncertainty. Within financials,
equity index revenue, which is nearly half of our financial futures revenues increased year-over-year. This
strength was mitigated by lower levels of interest rate activity due to global interest rates remaining at or
near all-time lows.

Moving to our fixed income and credit business. Revenues totaled $191 million in the third quarter. Results
were led by ICE Mortgage technology, which continues to benefit from the adoption of digital mortgage
solutions, strong refinancing trends and positive buyer and builder sentiment. Revenues from mortgage
technology totaled $140 million in the third quarter, including $73 million attributable to Ellie Mae.

On a pro forma basis, as I mentioned previously, Mortgage Technology revenue increased 62% versus the
third quarter of last year.

As we continue to integrate with our new colleagues from Ellie Mae, we're evaluating the metrics and
guidance that will be most helpful for investors to understand our Mortgage Technology segment. We look
forward to discussing our attentions in February and to sharing new pro forma segment information in
early December. For the fourth quarter, I'll note that we currently expect Ellie Mae revenues to be in the
range of $220 million to $235 million, representing year-over-year growth of roughly 35% at the midpoint
on a pro forma basis.

In our ICE Bonds business, low interest rates continue to weigh heavily on retail and muni trading activity.
Importantly, though, while still early days, our institutional effort is showing progress. During the third
quarter, we continue to see institutional interest in our portfolio of Trading Service with 2 of the largest
ETF sponsors now utilizing our offering.

In addition, we continue to add new participants to the ETF hub network and have completed the
integration of our ICE Bonds trading protocol with ICE fixed income, Select. Of note, Lynn Martin has now
taken on the additional responsibility of the ICE Bonds' business, which will be led by Pete Borstelmann,
who also leads our ETF hub initiative.

We believe that next phase of integration across our unmatched fixed income franchise will lead to greater
product innovation and will better position our bond execution platform to serve the vast institutional
network of our fixed income data services business.

Turning next to Slide 6, I'll discuss our data and listing segment. Third quarter data services revenues
increased 6% year-over-year and totaled a record $589 million in the quarter. Growth in Pricing &
Analytics was 5% and was once again driven by customer demand for our suite of pricing and reference
data products as well as the strong contribution from our index business, which now has over $270 billion
of ETF assets tracking our indices.

Desktops and Connectivity revenue grew 3% in the quarter, reflecting continued growth in our ICE Global
network, offset by slower trends at the NYSE. In Exchange Data and Feeds, revenue increased 9% as
continued growth in our futures exchange data and our consolidated Feeds business was supplemented by
the NYSE share of strong year-over-year growth in industry SIP revenues.

Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect data services revenues to again accelerate sequentially to
between $590 million and $595 million. This includes a sequential decline in exchange data offset by
continued acceleration in Pricing & Analytics.

Our expectation is reported by accelerating ASV growth, which exceeded 5% entering the fourth quarter,
up from 4.5%, a quarter ago and 4% 2 quarters ago.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

As a result, full year Data Services revenues are now expected to total $2.32 billion, above the midpoint of
our original guidance and roughly 5% higher than in 2019.

While the quality of our data products and the breadth of our offering are important drivers of this strong
performance, it would not have been possible without the resilience and commitment of our sales team.

Despite the challenges of the global pandemic, our team maintained their productivity and focus on
serving our customers. Their performance has been critical, not only to our success in 2020, but perhaps
more importantly, has established significant momentum entering 2021.

Shifting to our Listings business. Third quarter revenues totaled $111 million. The NYSE helped raise $57
billion of total capital in the third quarter, including $35 billion in IPO proceeds. During the quarter, the
NYSE welcomed Palantir and Snowflake and extended our success in the technology sector, where we've
raised nearly 70% of all technology-related IPO proceeds since acquiring the New York Stock Exchange in
2013.

I'll note in closing that our focus remains on serving our customers and delivering value to our
shareholders. The value of our business strategy is once again reflected in open interest growth across our
commodities business, the continued and compounding growth of our data offering and the strength of our
Mortgage Technology business. This diverse and resilient business model has delivered record revenues,
operating income, adjusted EPS and capital returns through the first 9 months of 2020. It also enabled
us to invest in expanding our mortgage network with the acquisition of Ellie Mae, which was accretive in
its first month, and should continue to add top and bottom accretion in the fourth quarter in 2021 and
beyond.

I'll be happy to take your questions during Q&A. But for now, I'll hand it to Jeff.

Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Scott, and good morning to everyone on the call. As I begin, I'd like to welcome the Ellie Mae
team to their first ICE earnings call. While it's been less than 2 months since we closed on the acquisition
in early September, I've been impressed by the collaboration between our teams during this short time,
and I'm confident that the integration of Ellie Mae is off to a very strong start. I believe this is a testament
to the talent of our respective employee populations and our shared entrepreneurial cultures.

Similar to our Exchanges and Fixed Income businesses, Ellie Mae integrated into ICE Mortgage Technology
is a network, a network that thrives by offering a value proposition that aligns growth with the efficiency
gains that we bring to our customers. As we've seen across our network in futures, equities and fixed
income, these efficiency gains are best achieved through harnessing unstructured data to create mission-
critical information, seamlessly linking participants to that information and ensuring that the network
technology underpinnings are of the highest quality and security.

It is the execution of this value proposition that often propels an analog-to-digital conversion of an
industry, and it's a blueprint that we've applied across all of our businesses for over 2 decades.

Turning now to Slide 7. Open interest in our Global Energy business is currently up 9% year-over-year.
And with average daily volume in our flagship Brent Crude Oil contract up 4% through September, Energy
revenues in total are up 15%.

This growth further contributed to our average annual revenue growth of over 7% since 2015, growth that
is a direct result of staying close to our customers, understanding their evolving risk management needs
and expanding the breadth of the content that we offer across our Energy network. In our global natural
gas markets, revenues were up 27% through the first 9 months of 2020, led by the continued growth
of LNG and in particular, our European TTF Natural Gas benchmark, which continues to emerge as the
breadth of natural gas.

In addition, our environmental markets continue to grow, with revenues up 12% year-to-date and up 7%
in the third quarter. The globalization of natural gas and the growing adoption of environmental markets

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

are trends that we began investing in over a decade ago. With our Brent Crude Oil contracts serving as the
cornerstone of our Energy network, we've expanded the range of content that we offer to our customers.
And today, as a result of organic and inorganic investments, trading on our network is not tied to any 1
product or any 1 region.

Instead, we have an Energy network that delivers comprehensive risk management solutions, provides
capital efficiencies and is positioned to grow alongside the continued evolution of global markets.

Turning you to Slide 8. Like what we saw in the commodity markets 20 years ago, there's an analog-to-
digital conversion occurring in the U.S. residential mortgage industry. Amid record levels of mortgage
applications, many lenders are finding themselves capacity constraint. And in some cases, are even
offering artificially high interest rates in order to curtail origination volume. From these capacity
constraints for social-distancing guidelines, this year has revealed many of the pain points and
inefficiencies that exists across mortgage origination workflows. And ICE Mortgage Technology is uniquely
positioned to address these pain points.

We estimate that automating the U.S. residential mortgage workflow is a $10 billion a year addressable
market. Critical to our ability to execute on this opportunity is our network, one that in combination
with Ellie Mae now spans from customer acquisition all the way through to the secondary market. Like
our network across fixed income, equities and futures, solving for inefficiency requires comprehensive
workflow tools, richer data sets, robust analytics and leading technology. As an early example, our ICE
Data Services and our ICE Mortgage Technology teams are collaborating to bring to market our first
mortgage data product. By combining ICE Data services expertise in cleansing and packaging unstructured
data sets with the wealth of data that sits in our MERS mortgage database, our customers will soon be
able to track and analyze mortgage production trends on a more granular level.

Turning now to Slide deck 9, please. Servicing data, which ranges from organizing raw and unstructured
data such as with this MERS database example, to our analytics, indices and connectivity solutions
across asset classes, these are a core competency at ICE, a competency that we apply across all of our
businesses. The types of data, information and analytics that we're creating helps our customers transact,
manage risk and become more efficient.

Coupling the high quality of our data, our technology and the productivity of our sales force, this expertise
has been core to building a track record of consistent and compounding growth. Through an array of
challenging economic conditions, our data business has proven to be resilient. And at a time when some of
our peers have understandably guided to revenue erosion, our platform is seeing an acceleration, having
registered its 43rd consecutive quarter, nearly 11 straight years of year-over-year revenue growth.

Turning to Slide 10. Through the first 9 months of 2020, we've delivered double-digit revenue growth,
double-digit operating income growth and double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth. As I
mentioned last quarter, we have a vision for ICE to deliver growth in all economic environments. So far,
2020 has been an excellent example of that. It's this vision that distinguishes us not only from our peers
but also from numerous other companies that operate outside of the financial services industry. Each
individual asset class that we service, whether it's more mature or in the early stages of digital conversion
like our mortgage and fixed income businesses, offer unique insights that can be applied to help improve
our responses across each of our other asset classes.

I believe as we have expanded over the last 2 decades, we've become more knowledgeable, and we're
continuously applying that knowledge to our networks to enhance the value proposition to our customers.
It's this approach that has enabled us to grow in each of our 14 years as a public company.

So we're excited about the growth opportunities that lie ahead for the balance of this year, and excited to
extend our track record of earnings growth in 2021. As we continue to work closely with our customers
and key industry participants to help them navigate these times while creating value for all of our
stakeholders.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

So I'd like to thank our customers for their business and their trust in this quarter. I'd also like to thank
my colleagues at ICE for their contributions to the strong third quarter results. And again, I'd like to
welcome our new colleagues from Ellie Mae.
I'll now turn our call back to our moderator, Andrea, to conduct the question-and-answer session until
9:30 Eastern Time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Rich Repetto of Piper Sandler.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I guess given your acquisition of Ellie Mae, you've got a much more diverse business as you've grown
fixed income, and I guess on a sum-of-the-parts basis, the stock looks inexpensive to us anyway. I guess
so my questions are, why haven't you chosen to break it out? And I guess Scott did sort of address --
you're still looking at how to report the segment results. But I guess more importantly, are you concerned
over the valuation versus the sum of the parts? And how patient will you be over time whether I know you
just acquired Ellie Mae but how are you thinking about the sum of the parts given your diversity here now?

Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Thanks for the question, Rich. So the first thing we're thinking, as Scott mentioned and you alluded to,
we're going to do a better job now of presentation so that you and our investors have visibility into how
we're thinking about and running our business.

Basically, as I think you know, since you've covered us for many years, we run network businesses, and
we run businesses and look for opportunities where the next customer or the next product on that network
becomes additive to everyone on the network and continues to compound revenue and earnings growth
across that network as a result.

And so we're feeling really good right now. If you look at our Commodity business, Futures business, we're
up -- open interest is up 9% year-over-year when the markets are in contango. That's normally a signal
or a precursor to volume and revenue growth in the future. So we're very, very happy with the way that
business is performing.

If you look at our fixed income and data business, You see that ASV, which is the future indicator of
business is accelerating and compounding. And as we've indicated to you, if you look at our new Mortgage
network, which we're still combining with our other assets, it's double digit, both in subscription and in
transaction revenue growth and earnings growth for us in those businesses.

So all of the segments that we're going to be showing you beginning in the fourth quarter are well
positioned for 2021. And the reason that I like to end my prepared remarks on this graph that shows
the long-term earnings growth of the company is that that's how we're running it. And as a result of that
mentality that this management team has -- a mentality that our job is to deliver EPS growth, we have
normally found that the stock will catch up to that growth.

And we appreciate that many of the competitors in Futures, our interest rate and financial oriented
competitors and they're struggling due to the interest rate environment. Many people in the data space
don't have the global footprint that we have to find growth around the world. And many people that are
in the mortgage space don't have the market share gains that we've been able to gain, including in the --
just in the 2 months since we've acquired Ellie that is continuing to accelerate that business.

So we're -- all those networks are very well positioned relative to our peer group, and I think that will
become apparent over time as this management team delivers bottom line results.

Scott Anthony Hill
Chief Financial Officer

And Jeff, the other thing that price eventually catches value is demonstrated. Every share we've ever
bought back in our repurchase program a year later has been worth 20% more. And 2 years later, it's

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

been worth 40% to 50% more. And so it does catch up. I do think that the new segments will help. And
as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we intend in early December to give you all some history with
regards to how those segments will look back from '18 and '19 and year-to-date. So that you'll have that
information in early December. And as Jeff said, we'll present the company that way in the fourth quarter.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Alex Kramm of UBS.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Just I guess a quick one on the mortgage side. First of all, I think Ellie came in better than your initial
expectations? I know it's a small number, it was only a month, but also 4Q looks pretty robust. So just
curious about the near-term outlook what you're seeing. But related to that, I think the Mortgage Bankers
Association recently revised their forecast for activity for next year. So just curious if you're starting to get
more comfortable or bullish on the outlook for next year that you've laid out. I know it's early days, but
just curious about your latest thoughts.

Benjamin R. Jackson
President

Alex, its Ben. I'll take that. So a couple of things I'll share with you. It's only been a couple of months
since we've closed on the business, but a couple of interesting things to share with the group are,
number one, I'll share just on the integration front. We've made a ton of progress on pulling together our
mortgage assets. So the Simplifile simple final business, the MERS business and Ellie Mae, we've been
able to pull those businesses together to operate as 1, very, very quickly. And what enabled us to do that
is we knew the Ellie Mae business very well prior to doing this transaction because we had a long-term
partnership with them with Simplefile.

So we had a good view on what we were going to do. We got to a room quickly in September. We were
able to make the decisions that needed to be made to get the business organized correctly, have made all
those decisions, announce them to all the employees and that we're executing against a single vision and
a single strategy.

Two other evidence points I'll give you is, so it's well publicized that volumes are strong. Rates are low,
millennials are buying. You're seeing people purchasing new homes to get more space, to get a pool
transitioning out of cities into suburbs. We're seeing all that kind of mix.

One of the interesting things that not many people appreciate around Ellie Mae is we also have a bit of
a forward view on what's happening in that space because we're in the space origination, and we see all
the way up front of the original application process when somebody is applying for a refinance or for the
purchase of a new home, we see that 60-plus days earlier than the rest of the market. So we see those
trends. I can say from what we see on the platforms that that volumetric aspect of the business continues
to be strong, and it just firms our view that we had going into this transaction, what the opportunity is
with this business.

The third thing I'd point to and the most important thing, and Jeff just touched on in an answer that he
just had that I think is the most important thing to look at is our subscription sales results. So if you
-- we've modeled the view as to where sales of new encompass seats would be sales of their artificial
intelligence engine called AIQ that's going after the Analytics TAM that we have identified in this space.

We had a view of where subscription sales would end the year. And I can say that in the last couple of
weeks, the business has already hit the subscription sales numbers where we thought they would end the
year.

The reason that that's important is that as we're hitting those sales results, it helps to firm our view on
what we assumed market share growth would be. So they're continuing to gain market share. They're

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

continuing to gain more customers, more users. There's more recurring revenue coming on to the
platform. It's a stronger network and all of this pulls through additional volume.

So net-net is we've -- everything that we've seen in the 2 months of owning the business has really firmed
our original views.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier of Bank of America.

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Maybe just 1 more on Ellie Mae. Given that it closed we're doing more work in the area. Can you just
provide maybe an update on when you think about the growth opportunities, and more importantly,
probably the different components of the revenue growth, meaning you have obviously the volume
component but also the adoption.

And given the latter, you kind of get more credit in terms of valuation over time, it's a little bit more
important. And then any other factors or opportunities that you're seeing as you do more work in that
area in the market?

Benjamin R. Jackson
President

Mike, it's Ben. I'll take this one as well. So there's -- thank you for the question. There's a whole bunch
of different opportunities for growth in this business, which is what gave us conviction that this business
can grow really through any volume environment that we see. And we touched when we announced the
deal on our ability to capture that $1 billion TAM in the closing and post-close space. So that's where
the -- we're tying together and creating an e-closing room for the underwriter to digitally connect to the
settlement agents on the network that we have across mortgage.

So I won't go into a lot more detail on that one, but I figured because we went into a lot last time, I
figured I'd go into a couple of others. That we're capturing that I think are underappreciated. So first, we
identified that there's a $4 billion TAM in front of us in just origination and processing, and we're obviously
very well positioned there. The business is touching almost 50% of U.S. mortgages that are coming
through the process refi and purchases.

And as I just mentioned, the sales results that we've just seen has just firmed our view on the ability to
continue to gain market share in that space.

The second thing that is in that origination and processing TAM is really about our network. And I don't
know that people really appreciate that the fact that the business -- our business here has the largest
mortgage network in the U.S. So we interconnect hundreds and hundreds of service providers to lenders.
And this network is very well established, all that connectivity exists and there's significant benefits that
the lenders themselves can receive from utilizing and buying services from those third-party providers
over our network, yet it's underutilized.

So the types of benefits that lenders get from ordering services off of our network is that it's a very
efficient process.

If you're using the Encompass system and you order third-party services, that ordering process is
automated because we know in the workflow when you're going to order a credit report, when you're
going to order a credit report, all of that is automated. And more importantly, all of the content that comes
from that third party is digitally sent to you so that you can consume it, you can easily move it around.
You can analyze it, you can actually do things with it.

The other way of ordering these services outside of the network is you have to manually go out and select
vendors, you have to manually procure the information. You're going to get back scanned documents,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

PDF's with data that you can't really do anything with, you have to have extra steps of manually rekeying
information.

So today, vendors are really starting to see the benefits of ordering services off of our network and for the
benefit that we're providing to lenders as well as the benefit that we're providing to all these third-party
data providers, we receive a revenue share for that. And we're seeing this part -- this opportunity in front
of us that we're starting to capture it and that part is accelerating substantially.

The other piece that I'll touch on is the Data & Analytics side. We've had a few questions since we
announced this deal on this. And the one I want to focus on is really analytics and what we're executing
against today here against another -- what we've identified is a $4 billion TAM.

So we've identified that an average origination fee costs around $8,000. Of that, time studies that we've
done estimate that at least $5,200 of that $8,000 is just manual processing, and technology costs are
well less than $500. In the year 2020, you'd think that, that would almost be the reverse. That manual
processing would be a lot less and technology somewhat more.

Our time studies have shown that at least half, so call it, $2,600 of that manual processing could and
should be automated with simple tools to be able to analyze and take away a lot of the stare and compare
work that happens.

So this isn't just a dream. We're actually executing on this. This is a TAM that we're accomplishing and
capturing when we talk about that AIQ business, a business called Capsilon that Ellie Mae acquired in
the last couple of years, this business goes through for our customers today and captures documents,
It recognizes the data on those documents extracts it. And most importantly, we apply analyzers to that
data. Analyzers that today for our lenders can go through and automate the process when you're looking
at a credit report to make sure that the social security numbers match, the date of birth matches, the date
of the credit report is within the window that the lender was expecting that credit report to be to approve
the loan. The score that the individual had on that credit report matches the qualification criteria for the
product that consumer is applying for.

All of this is happening today, and we're capturing -- we're capturing this opportunity, and it's a significant
growth opportunity in that Data & Analytics space. And we see it already coming through in terms of AIQ
sales that have happened this year on the platform and just in the last 2 months. Of owning the business,
we're seeing these analyzers getting picked up from our existing customer base.

So those are 2 new areas that I'd say to focus on going forward as other areas of growth for this business.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington of JPMorgan.

Kenneth Brooks Worthington
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

It looks like we're seeing further pressure to migrate away from LIBOR in the U.S. Maybe first, can you
remind us if there is any impact on this transition away from LIBOR in terms of data revenue, benchmark
service revenue? I don't think there's much.

But really, can you talk about the transition to SONIA in terms of trading in Europe and if there's any
opportunities in this transition to either grow trading or grow data? Or should we really expect this just to
be a swap from your IBOR.

Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Yes. it's a good question. We're right. We're in the middle of a transition. So there's a bit of bog, if you
will, as to the timing of this transition, obviously, regulators are pushing, but there are a lot of underlying
business issues that have to get dealt with in the transition. So it's hard to know a final date other than
the trend is there.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

The sale of LIBOR as an index for us is a de minimis revenue, and there is a question as to how long
LIBOR may survive after the industry does move to SONIA in order to pick up legacy business that just
couldn't be transitioned over.

So LIBOR may exist for some time. And it's hard to know what that time is because it's so pervasive
around the world. And there are many -- there are other IBORS, by the way, LIBOR being dollar LIBOR,
but there are a lot of other IBORS, many of which were the calculation agent all which have the same
issues. The transition did actually trading SONIA has accelerated. Our market share is very strong.
We're probably north of 70% market share of the all let trading in SONIA. And so the market is getting
comfortable with simultaneously trading SONIA-based futures and LIBOR-based futures. And so we feel
very, very comfortable and confident with where we've positioned our trading activities to be able to
provide a bridge and if the 2 survive side by side for some time, we'll be in that beneficiary of that as well.

Kenneth Brooks Worthington
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

But ultimately, it's a straight swap from one to the other. There's not anything -- any way to really grow
this -- grow from this transition?

Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Well, the one area that is really under discussion is the small and midsized regional banks and a whole
range of products that are not necessarily covered by is the swaps or hedged with swaps. And so what
you're seeing is that having worked with the industry to come up with a common rule set on how the
transition can go and you see that sort of institutional market coming up with game plans.

But in the small and widely dispersed market, they're not in the swaps business. And they've got -- many
people have 30-year agreements that have the word LIBOR in it. And so we have been developing an
alternative to LIBOR called the Bank Yield Index, which we published. We've been publishing it weekly
and people have been doing -- academics have been doing white papers on it to see how it tracks a credit
based environment.

And we've now accelerated the publishing of that daily to create more data points, by the way, for
analysis. And it's very possible that there could be a transition away from LIBOR for the credit-based part
of the industry that is not SONIA or -- and if so, we have a very, very good benchmark that we're working
on.

That will be up to regulators and a broad industry adoption if that happens, but there certainly is a lot of
work going on underneath to try to at least have a viable alternative should that needs or need rise.

Scott Anthony Hill
Chief Financial Officer

And Ken, you've seen historically, as you transition from one contract definition to a similar but different
one. The impact tends to be, as you near that transition point, you see a decline in the trading of the old
and everyone's not quite moved into the new. And the good news for us is interest rates only make up
about 4% of our revenue. So it's a relatively small impact regardless.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Campbell of Barclays.

Jeremy Edward Campbell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe just a follow-up to Mike's question a little earlier around the mortgage TAM and the growth. Ben,
you gave some really good color around the opportunity to capture TAM from your end-to-end suite of
solutions now that Ellie is in the fold. Just wondering, as you guys look at your solutions right now, are
there any additional white spaces you'd ideally like to fill in in mortgage land either to build organically or

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

bolt-on inorganically that might make the holistic solution a little more compelling to the originator with
whom you don't currently have a partnership or to augment the Data & Analytics product for Lynn's team
to sell. There just seems to be some additional properties out there that could be available, but not sure if
any of that fits within your vision?

Benjamin R. Jackson
President

Thanks, Jeremy. And what I can say there is that we feel good about the position that we're at with the
assets that we have. I mean, we literally -- our network touches every single part and aspect of a loan,
all the way from you as the consumer are thinking about it, you're going out and doing your research
and you're touching the point-of-sale systems, to engagement between that individual customer and
the lender that they've chosen to do that loan with, the digitization of all the documents and helping
to automate that origination process. Now interconnecting the originator to the settlement agent, and
electronifying the close.

So we have all the right pieces. As I mentioned, we focused very, very early on, on just making sure that
we got the integration of these businesses nailed and executing on that, and we did very, very quickly to
get the team all operating as one.

And the other thing I'd point out is that a lot of the work we're talking about of pulling the networks
together of creating a digital e-closing room. That didn't just start now. It started in the partnership that
we forged with Ellie Mae back when we bought Simplefile, and Simplefile also had relationships with them
that predated that.

So a lot of this work is already underway. All that said, as I had mentioned in an answer earlier, it's -- I
think it's underappreciated a little bit about how strong that network is, that we have, having the largest
network in the U.S. mortgage origination space. So with that position, we also see what are all the third-
party vendors doing, what are the quality of the services that they provide. And we're in a position that
if there is bolt-on opportunities that we think we can accelerate growth for entities by having them more
directly part of our business as a bolt-on opportunity for us, and we would evaluate those.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon of Jefferies.

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

My question is on the data business. You came in above your guidance. You talked about some of the
trends in your prepared remarks, Scott, but I was hoping you could kind of expand upon where the
strength is coming from. And you've historically talked about it on longer-dated time period in terms of the
outlook. So maybe if you could give us a look into next year, how that business is trending.

Scott Anthony Hill
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Thanks for the question, Dan. Yes. So look, the beat in the quarter was a couple of things. Clearly,
as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the SIP revenues related to the significant retail activity in the
cash equities' markets contributed to that. But the one that I've just been really happy with this year has
been the Pricing & Analytics business.

That -- in a world where our sales team has been limited, just like everyone else in terms of travel, ability
to meet face-to-face, they're still crushing it. They've held productivity level versus the prior year. They're
on track to achieve, I think it's like 98% or 9% of their signings objective. And for that business, which
you'll remember, I said we grow 5% to 6% coming into the year, which was in February before I even
knew what COVID was, is going to grow 5% this year. And the growth has accelerated each quarter, and
it's going to grow again in the fourth quarter and likely will be around 6% growth in the fourth quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

So that business is doing phenomenally well. And it's a lot of factors. If people continue to consume more
of our prices. If as consolidation of vendors happens. We can be a one-stop shop for people in their data
need, whether it's our data or feeds or network or all of that, we can sell.

Our index is, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're now up to $270 billion worth of assets that
track our largely fixed income indices. So it's that Pricing & Analytics business that I'm so happy with.

And then you asked about 2021. And while I won't give you a dollar's guide, I will point you to an ASV that
was 4% 2 quarters ago and is above 5% now and will trend higher in the fourth quarter.

And so to me, that's -- I mean, again, as you know, today, that's 90% of our future revenue as we roll into
the new segment review, that ASV will effectively be 100% of the forward revenue. And so if you've got
an ASV number today that's sitting between 5% and 6%, that says, you're set up very well to deliver that
type of revenue growth next year.

So we feel very good about the execution of that business, very good about how the sales team has
performed.

I also mentioned coming end of the year, the fact that we were hiring into the growth opportunities we
saw. And we've done that hiring. But in a world where people aren't in the office, getting those -- that part
of the team up to speed has been more of a challenge. The good news, though, is that means we've had a
good year this year without really a lot of productivity from the new folks. And as we move into next year,
they'll join us at the high productivity levels that I think can give us an added boost. So that business right
now is hitting on all cylinders, and we feel very good about not just the fourth quarter, but about 2021.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ari Ghosh of Crédit Suisse.

Arinash Ghosh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Ben, I guess just another one on the mortgage tech business. And again, I appreciate all the color thus
far. So you know the deal clearly makes a lot of sense just given the growth profile and structural tailwinds
already seeing really nice contribution from it from day 1. But some of the larger competitors in space. I
have also been talking about the strength of their digital capabilities and the network effect that they see
as well.

So I was just hoping you could talk a little bit about specific areas where you're the most differentiated
versus some of the larger players? Is it more on the unstructured data side, your digitalization efforts, on
the workflow or your network of debt? Or is there something else? So just looking to see areas where you
are more differentiated?

Benjamin R. Jackson
President

Sure. Thank you for that. I'd say the major areas where we're different is, I mean, if you just look at
industry assessments of market shares and those market shares reflect the strength of the network that
you have, the businesses that we have have by far the largest network that stretches all the way from the
inception of the origination all the way through to closing.

And I can't stress that enough that you need to think about that entire ecosystem from the inception
of you thinking about alone all the way through to documents get filed at a county courthouse to
consummate a transaction between a buyer and the seller. So it's the strength of that network is first and
foremost, one of the major differentiators that we have. Underneath that network, so not only on the
origination side, do we have by far, a very big market lead in terms of the loans that we touched in the
U.S. trending -- getting up to close to 50%. But also in the closing and post-close space with assets like
Simplifile and MERS.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Simplifile, we've used the phrase that they went out and paid for the dirt road. So they went out and
literally did the hard work of digitizing and digitally connecting thousands and thousands of counties
around the U.S. to thousands and thousands of attorneys that are in the middle of or/settlement agents
that are in the middle of closing real estate transactions.

The reason that Ellie Mae with such a strong network came and did a partnership with Simplifile a few
years ago is they acknowledged and realized that the piece of the network that Ellie Mae did not have and
the only entity that really had a digital highway and a digital network to electronically close transactions
was Simplefile.

So that's a lot of the real differentiator. The other piece I'd say is underneath the network that's
underappreciated in the data sets that we have that are very unique within that business.

So one of the things that Simplifile has by digitizing that network of all these settlement agents and all
these counties, it is the only real repository in the U.S. that knows exactly what the settlement fees are,
what the settlement requires -- what the settlement requirements are for every real estate -- just about
every real estate transaction that happened in the U.S. With that type of information, you can use that
information, pull it forward into the origination process and reduce a substantial amount of errors in the
processing of loans by sharing that information very early on, digitally sharing it and then also including it
with the analyzers that I was speaking about earlier, to be able to compare what are the requirements that
this county has on closing a particular transaction versus what's getting pulled together and consummated
in the origination package of that loan.

So those are 2 of the main areas I would highlight as just substantial head starts and differentiators that
we have that are very difficult for others to replicate.

Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Founder, Chairman & CEO

This is Jeff. And one of the things that we really liked about the business when we started to think about
putting together our network, our existing network and the Ellie Mae network was that we've opened that
network. And so many of these companies that you may view as competitors use parts of our network
in order to offer their services because our network is so comprehensive and because it's open and you
can pick off -- you can join the network at the very beginning or all along the chain that we, to a certain
degree, benefit from the entire growth in the industry as partners coopetition, if you will, with many
others in the industry.

So that model is very compelling in and that our goal is really, as I've said on the final slide that we land
on is to really just grow our earnings per share not necessarily to completely crush every competitor.

Operator

Your next question comes from Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Just one quick cleanup on the tax rate outlook for 4Q. I don't know if I missed that one. But the bigger
question is another one on the mortgage business, of course. Just, I guess, first of all, Scott, if you can
just reiterate the 8% to 10% growth on the Ellie Mae business that you've stated in the past for 2021,
even with the refi headwinds?

And then I guess, more importantly, in thinking about the organic growth of that business from obviously
the large TAMs in the processing side, but also the organic growth from existing customers using the
network. And how should we sort of think about those 2 different elements contributing? I do think using
that organic growth data or as you talk about this segment and you carve it out into next year that would
definitely be something that would be helpful for the valuation, so we could we could isolate that.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

And then the ability to scale that on that cost base that you've outlined for 4Q as we think of '21, what
-- not to give expense guidance specifically right now on that, but how should we think about scaling the
growth of the Mortgage business on that existing cost base?

Scott Anthony Hill
Chief Financial Officer

We're writing that down. So I think that was 3 questions. So the tax rate will be in the 22% to 24%
guide. That's been consistent for the year other than the third quarter as we had to reverse the U.K. back
to 19%. So that we would expect the fourth quarter will go back to kind of where we started the year.
Obviously, as we roll Ellie in, that's a U.S.-based business, that will pull upward pressure on the the tax
rate and be subject to whatever happens in the election.

But even that, if you're modeling, I don't see a reason right now to move away from the $22 million to
$24 million.

I'm going to do the expense first. I think one of the things we like about this Mortgage business is similar
to our other businesses, it is scalable in the sense of the incremental dollars generate good incremental
margins. That notwithstanding, we are in a place where we are making a number of investments as been
alluded to in his answers with regards to building on an e-closing room as one really good example. And
so if you're looking at the fourth quarter, I think you need to take a couple of things into account if you
want to use that as a run rate.

Number one, for purchase accounting, we have to rebuild the CapEx and cap labor. And so with that run
rate, you should probably throw another $20 million on top of that. And then I would throw the $20 million
to $25 million of investments we're going to be making to not only grow the business next year, but more
importantly, 2 months ago on the deal call, we said we thought it was a business that could grow 8% to
10% for a decade. And so we'll make some investments. Again, the notwithstanding. You do that math,
and you'll see that it will still be very accretive to the bottom line.

I think in the fourth quarter loan, it's going to be 7% accretive. So that's kind of on the expense side.
I don't know that today is the day we'd say a whole lot more in terms of our guide on the revenue line.
You have to still feel good about the 8% to 10%. We do for all the reasons Ben alluded to. As we move
forward, we mentioned going in that we expected refi to go back. Someone in an earlier question said that
the industry assessments were improving, but they're really just improving closer to where we already
were. Those estimates tend to be a little bit pessimistic.

So again, we're only 2 months away from closing the deal and having the call with you all. Ben has given
a lot of color on why we love this business and why we believe it absolutely was the right investment.
And so as I sit here today, 2 months later, I'm absolutely 100% still confident that it can grow the way we
talked about.

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Your next question comes from Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Maybe shifting gears a little bit. I was hoping we can touch on you guys as credit trading business. I
believe, towards the end of the year, you guys talked about maybe some sort of a full integration between
ETF Hub and some of the trading venues that you've acquired. So maybe talk a little bit about what's the
kind of overall revenue contribution from those businesses today? How do you think about that evolving
over the next 12 months or so? Because I think you guys made some investments there over the last 12
months?

Benjamin R. Jackson
President

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Alex. This is Ben. And as Scott had mentioned in the question earlier around the resegment of the --
resegmentation of the business that will come in in the first half of December. That's when we're going to
start giving more color on the revenue aspect of this. So that answers one part of your question. On the
other side of it, just to give you some flavor of continued strides that we're making on the institutional
space.

The strategy really has 3 legs to it. So first is the automation of extremely complicated manual workflows
in a space that's growing like crazy, which we've talked about a lot, which is that primary trading area of
ETF creation redemption, that's our ETF Hub project. The second leg of the strategy I talked about on our
last earnings call with the launch of ICE Select. And what ICE select is, it's an aggregation engine that
we've created that pulls together all of our protocols. So the click-to-trade protocols, our auction protocols
and our RFQ protocols all into one.

And more importantly, it also added all of our institutional analytics and pricing content that with all
the buy-side, all the sell-side customers utilized today for understanding what the fair valuation of the
instruments are that they're trading. And Scott had mentioned that as part of this realignment, we're
really pulling together our execution venues in fixed income, very closely aligned to our fixed income data
business under Lynn.

The last piece is we also -- I also mentioned on the last earnings call that we've now connected ICE
Select to ETF hub, and we've also connected ICE Select to third-party OMS systems such as Aladdin. The
progress that we've made since that last earnings call has been significant. So we've added another [ AP ]
in Citigroup onto our ETF hub network.

We've added 4 more market makers, significant market makers. We now have a total of 7 market makers
in there that we just announced in the last couple of days. We now have 6 issuers that are part of our
advisory committee on ETF hub, so that the number of issuers is expanding that are helping to give us
their requirements that we would need to cover to be able to add them onto the ETF hub in addition
to BlackRock. And we've had market makers not only testing, but now they're executing going into the
secondary market to procure bonds via ICE Select.

In the last couple of weeks, we've had some market makers going and using our secondary platforms
and ICE Select to go out and precure bonds to procure the basket that then they negotiate in our primary
trading venue being ETF hub to swap that basket of bonds for a share of an ETF.

And the last bit of progress that we've made is that we have had multiple portfolio actions executed on our
platform by 2 of the largest issuers to the largest asset managers in the space in just the past couple of
weeks. So a lot of the last -- you've heard me talk on a number of these earnings calls, a lot of it's been
putting all the infrastructure in place, laying a lot of all the rails and groundwork that's needed to be done
to pull this together, it's together, and we're starting to see signs that some green shoots are starting to
develop here.

Operator

There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Speaker, I turn the call back over to you.

Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Founder, Chairman & CEO
Thank you, Andrea, for moderating, and thank all of you for joining us this morning. We look forward to
speaking to you again soon. And in the meantime, I guess I hope that you and your love ones stay safe
and stay healthy. And with that, I hope you have a great day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

