International Business Machines Corporation 
NYSE:IBM
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, July 19, 2021 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.29

2.33

Revenue  (mm)

18297.50

18745.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-19-2021 9:48 PM GMT

1.75

2.45

2.62

11.07

12.01

17678.77

74400.00

75379.96

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.58

1.88

1.65

2.29

2.58

2.07

1.77

2.33

0.00 %

10.11 %

7.27 %

1.75 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 19,
2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Chairman of the Board

James J. Kavanaugh
CFO and Senior VP of Finance &
Operations

Patricia Murphy
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

A.M. Sacconaghi
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

David Michael Grossman
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Keith Frances Bachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 19,
2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded.
[Operator Instructions]

Now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy with IBM. Ma'am, you may begin.

Patricia Murphy
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, and I'd like to welcome you to IBM's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings
Presentation. I'm here with Arvind Krishna, IBM's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim
Kavanaugh, IBM's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We'll post today's prepared remarks on
the IBM investor website within a couple of hours, and a replay will be available by this time tomorrow.

Some comments made in this presentation may be considered forward-looking under the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve factors that could cause our actual
results to differ materially. Additional information about these factors is included in the company's SEC
filings.

Our presentation also includes non-GAAP measures to provide additional information to investors. For
example, we present revenue and signings growth at constant currency. In addition, to provide a view
consistent with our go-forward business, we'll focus on constant currency growth adjusting for the
divested businesses for the impacted lines of total revenue, cloud and our geographic performance. We
have provided reconciliation charts for these and other non-GAAP measures at the end of the presentation
and in the 8-K submitted to the SEC.

So with that, I'll turn the call over to Arvind.

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. It's my pleasure to be speaking with all of you again. We
continue to make progress this quarter. Our revenue growth improved to 3% as reported, led by Global
Business Services and our Software business, and we grew adjusted free cash flow for the first half.

Across every industry, enterprises are using technology to redesign business processes, whether
it's automation in manufacturing, telemedicine in health care or omnichannel in retail. These digital
transformations are enabled by a hybrid cloud environment. The technology and services we provide to
our clients enable their business growth and productivity increases and improved customer experiences.
This is why our strategy is focused on hybrid cloud and AI.

At the same time, the overall spend environment continues to improve. With the economy reopening in
many parts of the world, many markets and industries are getting back on track. We see this in North
America and in select industries.

Jim will delve deeper into our performance across the different parts of our business. But I want to be
clear upfront that with our results over the last 2 quarters, we remain on track to achieve our financial
expectations for the year, revenue growth at actual rates and $11 billion to $12 billion of adjusted free
cash flow.

We continue to take decisive steps and make the investments required to execute on our strategy. This
includes making acquisitions that strengthen our portfolio, offering new innovations and digital capabilities
to our clients, expanding our partner ecosystem, accelerating changes to our go-to-market model while
also instilling more of a growth mindset among our teams and building a more client-centric culture. We
are executing the separation of Kyndryl, which is still on track to be completed by the end of the year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 19,
2021

The recent announcements within our senior team also support and reinforce our strategic priorities. While
there have been a number of changes, I'll comment on Jim Whitehurst will step down as President but
remains as a senior adviser to me and the rest of the leadership team. Jim worked on many parts of our
strategy, including the integration of Red Hat. Nearly 3 years since we announced the acquisition, there
is no doubt this integration has been successful. Jim remained a strong believer in IBM and our strategy.
Given his background, I understand his desire to become an investor.

Going back to the execution of our strategy, we are pleased with the early signs of progress on the
significant changes we are making. But as you would expect, it will take time before we realize the full
benefit of these changes. Our strategy around hybrid cloud and AI is resonating among our clients and
bears repeating.

Hybrid cloud is more than a strategy. It's the reality for our clients today. They have multiple public clouds,
private clouds, on-premise workloads and are dealing with stringent regulatory and security requirements.
Our hybrid cloud platform gives clients the ability to flexibly deploy and manage data and applications
across any environment. With hybrid cloud, clients can derive 2.5x more value in comparison to other
approaches.

Our strategy is platform-centric. Linux Containers and Kubernetes are at the heart of our hybrid cloud
platform, allowing clients to write once, run anywhere. Our software portfolio, including Cloud Paks built
on Red Hat OpenShift, runs cloud native. Our GBS experts work with clients across every industry to
accelerate their digital transformation journeys through hybrid cloud and AI. Our systems and industry-
specific public clouds provide differentiated infrastructure. This platform approach drives compelling
economics to IBM and our ecosystem partners.

This quarter, we continued to make progress in the execution of our strategy. More and more clients have
chosen our technology and services as a lever for business growth. We now have over 3,200 clients using
our hybrid cloud platform. That's almost 4x the number of clients just prior to our announcement of the
Red Hat acquisition. GBS is helping to drive this platform adoption as we modernize and manage our
clients' applications in a hybrid cloud environment. This work is accelerating, and we have now grown to
700 GBS, Red Hat-based client engagements since the acquisition.

Our hybrid cloud platform is proving to be of immense value across industries. One example is
telecommunication companies, which are amongst the largest technology spenders each year. We recently
announced that major telco clients, including Verizon and Telefonica, have chosen IBM's hybrid cloud
platform to transform their core networks and bring to life the era of 5G and edge computing.

Moving on to AI. We fundamentally believe that core to the competitiveness of every company going
forward will be their ability to use AI to unlock real-time value from their data wherever the data resides.
Our efforts are focused on bringing our AI technologies to horizontal processes. GBS helps our clients
build intelligent workflows and transform their core business process, whether that be a supply chain,
talent management or customer service. This allows them to boost productivity and improve the customer
experience.

An example of this is the work we are doing with CVS Health. As COVID vaccines began rolling out in
the United States, IBM built in just a few weeks an AI-powered assistant to help CVS Health deal with
the massive influx of calls. Watson Health handled more than 10 million calls in 3 months, improving the
customer experience and reducing costs. Keep in mind, this is for one vaccine and one use case. As use
cases expand, the benefits will grow. This is a compelling value proposition, and we've recently deployed
Watson Assistant to other clients, ranging from York University to DFW Airport to PayPal.

These examples and others reflect our ability to build powerful AI capabilities for business, for which we
are also externally recognized. IBM was again ranked #1 in IDC's artificial intelligence market for 2020
market share. And IBM has been named a Leader in Gartner's 2021 Magic Quadrant for Data Science and
Machine Learning Platforms.

Since we announced our new go-to-market model in January, we have made significant changes to our
sales model and are providing clients with a more technical and experiential approach. Every client I have

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 19,
2021

spoken to sees the value of this approach. They are pleased to co-innovate with IBM, leverage our Garage
methodology and derive value more quickly from our solutions. Of course, we expect the return on these
investments such as improved renewal rates and client expansion to take time, but time measured in
months, not years.

We've also been building and expanding a powerful ecosystem of partners who are playing a larger role in
helping our clients move along their transformation journey. We're expanding the scope of our partnership
with EY. To help financial institutions accelerate digital transformation, IBM and EY recently created the
Financial Services Center of Excellence and launched the IBM TechHub@EY to strengthen EY's capabilities
in hybrid cloud. We also built EY Diligence Edge, an AI platform hosted on the IBM Cloud using Watson to
drastically decrease the time it takes to do due diligence during mergers and acquisitions.

Another partnership that has grown stronger is with Schlumberger. Building on the partnership we
announced last year, we've recently launched a new data management platform that clients can leverage
to unlock value from the massive amount of data produced by the energy industry.

We are seeing growing momentum in our IBM Cloud for financial services. Banks have stringent needs
driven by compliance, security and resiliency. Launched last year, the IBM Cloud for financial services
includes key control and security features built right into its very core. It makes it easier for banks to
collaborate with ecosystem partners and vendors. In the second quarter, we reached a milestone of more
than 100 ecosystem partners in support of clients like Bank of America and BNP Paribas.

While we invest to expand our ecosystem, we are also investing to enhance our portfolio. In the
second quarter, we announced a series of products to further differentiate our hybrid cloud and AI
capabilities. This includes AutoSQL that automates the management of data without having to move
it, CodeNet that teaches AI systems on how to translate code, Watson Orchestrate that augments
the personal productivity of professionals, Cloud Engine to simplify how developers build cloud-native
apps and Mono2Micro to help companies decide which apps should move to the cloud and to transform
monolithic apps into microservices. Red Hat launched new managed services on OpenShift, including
API management, Apache, Kafka and data science services that make it easier than ever to build next-
generation applications on OpenShift.

Meanwhile, we continue to complement our organic investments with acquisitions. Turbonomic is an ARM
provider that helps optimize the performance of any application or resources. It builds on the recent
acquisition of Instana for APM and observability and the launch of IBM Cloud Pak for Watson AIOps to
automate IT operations with AI. We are reinforcing our ecosystem play in GBS with the acquisition of
Waeg, a leading Salesforce consulting partner in Europe. These are near-term opportunities.

At the same time, we are focused on emerging and longer-term opportunities such as quantum
computing. Quantum is an area of incredible promise slated to unlock hundreds of billions of dollars of
value for our clients by the end of the decade. To help business and society reap the benefits of quantum
computing, we have put a road map in place to build 1,000-plus qubit computer by 2023. We are forging
a series of major partnerships to advance the business and science of quantum computing and post
quantum encryption. This quarter, we have announced we'll join forces with the University of Tokyo in
Japan, the STFC Hartree Centre in the United Kingdom and the Fraunhofer Institute in Germany. This
builds on the partnership we announced last quarter with the Cleveland Clinic.

Before I close, I'd like to quickly comment on some of our initiatives around societal issues. This month,
we released our 2020 CSR Report. In it, you will see our efforts to apply the power of our technologies to
advance societal progress such as applying supercomputing resources in support of COVID-19 research.
We have made the important commitment to reach 0 greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 without the use
of carbon offsets. We are taking a series of actions to increase our diversity representation, and we are
being transparent in our diversity and inclusion scores, as you can see in our report.

To close, let me reiterate my confidence in our strategy. Our second quarter results demonstrate the
progress we are making towards achieving our 2 financial objectives: sustainable mid-single-digit revenue
growth post separation and strong cash generation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 19,
2021

Jim, over to you.

James J. Kavanaugh
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Operations

Thanks, Arvind. As always, I'll start with the financial highlights and then comment on our revenue
performance, business model dynamics and cash and liquidity position before getting into the segments.

In the second quarter, we grew revenue over 3% as reported to $18.7 billion. We expanded our operating
gross profit margin and grew gross profit dollars 4%. We reported operating earnings per share of $2.33.
Our adjusted free cash flow was $3.8 billion through the first half, and we generated $11 billion over the
last year. And our balance sheet and liquidity position remains strong.

We continue to make progress in our revenue performance, led by 7% growth in Global Business Services
and 2% growth in Software, both at constant currency. As Arvind mentioned, the spending environment is
improving. We see this in markets where reopening is progressing like the United States and Canada and
in several countries in Western Europe. From an industry standpoint, we saw a meaningful improvement
in some of the areas that have been more impacted by the pandemic like travel and transportation,
automotive and industrial products.

Globally, we're helping enterprise digitally transform, leveraging our platform approach. IBM's cloud
revenue over the last year across software, services and infrastructure is now $27 billion, which is up at
a double-digit rate. This continues to be led by Global Business Services and Cloud & Cognitive Software,
whose cloud revenue this quarter was up 30% and 25%, respectively.

As our revenue performance improves, the fundamentals of our business model remains solid. We
expanded operating margins with gross margin up 30 basis points and pretax margin up 70 basis points.

We've taken actions to streamline and simplify our operating model. As I've said in the past, roughly 1/3
of the structural actions are to improve Global Technology Services profit profile ahead of the separation
of Kyndryl. We're realizing these savings, and our GTS gross and pretax margins are up this quarter. The
other roughly 2/3 of the targeted actions address stranded costs from the separation and create financial
flexibility, which we are investing for future growth.

We're ramping investments in skills, innovation and in our ecosystem. Over the last couple of quarters,
we've been aggressively hiring, adding delivery resources in GBS, technical skills in Red Hat and go-
to-market capabilities across the board. We're scaling our garage footprint and skills to provide a more
experiential approach to selling and consulting services. We're increasing research spend in areas like
quantum, hybrid cloud and AI. We're accelerating our ecosystem investment. We also completed several
acquisitions in the first half of the year to add hybrid cloud and AI software capabilities and skills in
strategic GBS ecosystem partners.

Now turning to our free cash flow and balance sheet and liquidity position. We generated $3.8 billion
of adjusted free cash flow in the first half. This adjusted view excludes $1.2 billion cash impact for the
structural actions initiated late last year and transaction charges associated with the separation of Kyndryl.
These first half charges are consistent with our expectations from the beginning of the year. This $3.8
billion of adjusted free cash flow was up slightly year-to-year with growth in our underlying business
performance offset by about $700 million of the $1 billion full year cash tax headwind we discussed last
quarter.

With solid cash generation and disciplined financial management, we continue to delever while investing in
the business and paying a secure and modestly growing dividend. Our cash balance at the end of June was
$8.2 billion. This is down about $6 billion from year-end, while debt was down about $6.5 billion. We've
now reduced our debt by about $18 billion from the peak in mid-2019.

In the first half, we also used cash to acquire businesses and return capital to shareholders, roughly $3
billion each. In the second quarter, we also increased our dividend per share for the 26th consecutive year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 19,
2021

So now I'll turn to the segment results, starting with Cloud & Cognitive Software, where revenue growth
improved to 2% this quarter. This performance was led by growth across both cloud and data platforms
and cognitive applications, which are our software growth vectors. These were offset by declines in
transaction processing platforms, our value vector.

Stepping back, growth factors reflect key areas of importance and investment for our hybrid cloud and
AI strategy, including Red Hat, automation, data and analytics and security. Our success is reflected in
our software cloud revenue, which was up 25% this quarter. Transaction processing platforms as our
value vector drives profit and cash while supporting mission-critical solutions for our enterprise clients. In
cloud and cognitive software overall, we again had strong subscription and support renewal rates, and our
software deferred income was up over $1 billion year-to-year.

Moving into the business areas. Cloud and data platforms grew 8%, led by strength in our hybrid cloud
platform and Cloud Paks. Red Hat had good performance with normalized revenue growth of 17%.
With consistently strong performance in Red Hat and the value of bringing IBM and Red Hat together,
we've now achieved our objective of operating earnings per share accretion in 2 years, so an important
acquisition milestone.

In the quarter, both RHEL and OpenShift continued to deliver strong growth and take share in their
respective markets. Cloud Paks, which are built on OpenShift, continued their momentum with our
enterprise clients. This quarter, we had strength in Cloud Pak for Integration, which delivers rapid and
cost-saving solutions for integration development. Cloud Pak for Business Automation also had strong
growth as clients leverage AI-powered automation to solve operational challenges. The acquisition of
Turbonomic further extends our automation offerings.

In Cognitive Applications, revenue was up 8%. The growth was fueled by horizontal solutions, including
security, software and services, Maximo asset management, weather and Sterling Supply Chain. With the
acceleration of cybersecurity attacks, clients are increasingly looking for modernized security platforms
to detect and respond to ransomware and other attacks. This quarter, we had strength in our integrated
software and services offerings, including Cloud Pak for Security, data security and X-Force security
services. IBM security offerings are employed in over 2/3 of the world's 500 largest companies.

In the area of supply chain, we are working with several new clients this quarter as demand for
omnichannel solutions have accelerated requirements for Sterling Order Management in industries like
retail. Our transaction processing platforms revenue declined. We provide flexibility to our clients in how
they purchase this mission-critical software. Since early last year, we've seen a preference for OpEx over
CapEx, putting pressure on perpetual licenses in favor of more consumption-like models. This continues,
though clients remain committed to our products as we again had strong renewals in our transaction
processing platform software.

Looking at Cloud & Cognitive Software profit. We grew profit dollars with operating leverage from revenue
growth, while we continue to invest in new innovations and our ecosystem.

Turning to GBS. Revenue of $4.3 billion returned to pre-pandemic levels, and revenue growth improved
to 7%. Clients are accelerating the rate and pace of digital transformations using cloud and AI to gain
operational insights, increase productivity and create new growth opportunities. We are capturing this
market growth through our differentiated offerings in hybrid cloud, including Red Hat and intelligent
workflows. We have seen signings and revenue momentum in both business transformation services,
which leverage our combined consulting, BPO and core ERP capabilities as well as the application
modernization and management services we provide around the hybrid cloud platforms of our clients. This
is reflected in our performance this quarter.

For example, our book-to-bill in this strong revenue quarter was greater than 1, driven by growth in
digital transformations across key practice areas such as Salesforce, SAP, Workday as well as in application
modernization and hybrid multicloud management. And we continue to see momentum in our small deals,
which historically convert to revenue in a shorter time frame. Small deal signings grew at a high-teens
rate.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 19,
2021

Moving to revenue. We had continued momentum in GBS cloud revenue, which was up 30% in the quarter
with growth across consulting, application management and GPS. Our Red Hat practice, which now
contributes over 1/3 of our cloud revenue growth, again, had strong results. This quarter, we added over
170 Red Hat client engagements. The 700 engagements since the acquisition have generated over $2.5
billion of signings.

In Consulting, revenue was up 11%, driven by the investments we are making in building skills in third-
party cloud providers like Microsoft and AWS and in expanding our practices with ecosystem partners such
as SAP, Salesforce and Adobe. Clients are also finding value in our differentiated Garage methodology
as we work with them to co-create solutions. This unique and scalable approach to innovation and
execution is now embedded in the majority of our value propositions across ERP implementation, BPO and
application modernization.

We also had strong growth in our intelligent workflow offerings. These are end-to-end offerings, which
leverage hybrid cloud and AI to transform client processes. They connect consulting and BPO in areas such
as finance, supply chain, customer service and talent transformation and contributed to our Global Process
Services revenue growth of 25%.

Lastly, within Application Management, revenue was up 1% as we continue to transition from managing
applications on-premise to those that run in hybrid multicloud environments.

Turning to GBS profit. Our gross profit margin declined 60 basis points this quarter. We are investing
to expand on the skills and practices to continue to capture the market opportunity. We are making
significant investments in both delivery and go-to-market resources, where we increased our capacity by
10%. We are adding skilled practitioners in high demand areas such as Salesforce, SAP, Adobe, Microsoft,
AWS and Red Hat. And we are investing to integrate and scale our recently announced acquisitions.

Turning to systems. Revenue was down 10%, reflecting product cycle dynamics across IBM Z, power and
storage. IBM Z revenue was down 13%. And I'll remind you, that compares to a very strong performance
last year when we were up 68%.

Throughout the last 8 quarters, the z15 client value has been apparent. And the program continues to
outpace the strong z14 program, another proof point of IBM Z as an enduring platform. This quarter,
financial services continue to drive IBM Z, given capacity requirements to address robust market volatility.
With security top of mind, purchases were also driven by clients looking for capabilities such as pervasive
encryption and hyper protect to secure mission-critical applications and data, both on-premises and in the
cloud. The value proposition is clear, z15 is secure, scalable and reliable.

Product cycle dynamics also played out across power and storage. Power revenue was down 5%, an 8-
point improvement over last quarter's rate. Storage revenue also declined, driven by high-end storage tied
to the IBM Z cycle.

Looking at Systems profit. Pretax profit margin was down, reflecting a mix headwind given where we are
in the z15 product cycle.

Moving to Global Technology Services. We remain focused on improving the financial profile as we position
Kyndryl to be a stand-alone company by the end of the year. You will recall last year, we initiated actions
for an improved margin, profit and cash generation profile upon separation. We are seeing the results of
these actions in the GTS profit performance this quarter with profit dollar growth and margin expansion.
Gross margin expanded 110 basis points and pretax margin 190 basis points. GTS revenue declined 4%, a
modest improvement from first quarter performance driven by improving trends in client-based business
volumes and project activity.

Our current clients continue to value partnering with Kyndryl to modernize and manage their mission-
critical workloads and services, as evidenced by our strong and improving renewal rate of 95%, which is
up 2 points quarter-to-quarter. These renewals include 6 deals with a contract value greater than $100
million. One of these is an extension of our relationship with AT&T to provide support for data center
migration and consolidation and IBM Z infrastructure management.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 19,
2021

I'll mention we also extended our software relationship with AT&T. As an IBM strategic global networking
provider, AT&T business is playing an important role in the separation of Kyndryl, using their expertise for
network separation. While our performance with existing clients remain strong, as we would expect, the
sales cycles for new logo clients is elongating as they await further information related to Kyndryl.

With that, let me give you a quick update on where we are in the separation process. We are continuing to
build out the management system and support structure. At the same time, we are making solid progress
executing on the necessary financial, legal and regulatory milestones to enable the transaction. We still
expect the Form 10 to be available in the fall and remain on track to close by the end of the year.

To wrap up, let me bring it back to the IBM level. In January, we said we expected an improving financial
profile throughout 2021. As I look back on our first half results, our revenue performance improved in
the first quarter and then again in the second. And our adjusted free cash flow grew in the first half. Our
business model fundamentals are solid. Operating margins are improving, and we're driving profit dollar
growth.

Importantly, as you've heard today, we've been taking a number of actions to execute our hybrid cloud
and AI strategy. This includes strengthening our portfolio, expanding our ecosystem and implementing go-
to-market changes. And we continue to have a strong balance sheet and liquidity position.

We've been clear on the metrics we're focused on: revenue growth and cash flow. For the full year,
we continue to expect revenue growth at current spot rates. We've maintained this view since
January, though I'll remind you, since then, we've lost about 1 point of revenue growth from the dollar
strengthening. We also continue to expect $11 billion to $12 billion of adjusted free cash flow. This
adjusted free cash flow excludes about $3 billion of cash impacts for structural actions and the transaction
charges for the spin-off. As we look to the third quarter, we expect second and third quarter revenue
dynamics to be in line with the average of the last 3 years.

Looking at the revenue profile. More year-to-year growth should come from the underlying business
performance mitigated by moderating currency benefits. We're continuing to ramp our investments. As
I mentioned, we're reinvesting much of the savings from our structural actions. And as a result, this will
keep expense levels higher. Our operating tax rate will also be up year-to-year, though I expect the third
quarter rate to be fairly consistent with the second.

To sum it up, we made progress in the first half. While there's more to do, we are well positioned to deliver
on our 2021 expectations and our financial model post separation.

So with that, let's go to Q&A. I'll turn it back over to Patricia.

Patricia Murphy
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Jim. Before we begin the Q&A, I'd like to mention a couple of items. First, we've included
supplemental information at the end of the presentation. [Operator Instructions]
So operator, let's please open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 19,
2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Question, I guess, for Jim. Cloud & Cognitive Software as well as GBS PTI margins are down year-on-year.
I imagine a lot of that is coming from the investments that you walked through. But can you talk about
any other factors like mix that are playing into the margin performance in those groups? And also, are you
seeing any impact from labor shortages and wage increases, particularly in the services business?

James J. Kavanaugh
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Operations

Sure, Katy. Thank you very much for the question. Obviously, those 2 very important segments that you
chose, GBS and Software, are 2 of our growth vectors within our business model. As we've said, entering
the year, we guided both on revenue and on cash flow. And we said that we were going to continue to
invest significantly within those growth vectors as we move forward.

And I see -- and I think what you see playing out here in the second quarter is that investment starting to
ramp up from the first quarter into the second quarter going forward. We are investing in front of demand
because of what we said in the remarks, is that we see an encouraging macro and demand profile playing
out. And you see that with the strong acceleration in our software base of business quarter-to-quarter and
in our GBS base of business. GBS, by the way, exceeded our expectations and actually got back to pre-
pandemic revenue levels overall.

But just to really bring it home: one, we're investing; two, we have high margins in our software base of
business already. And the dynamics between Red Hat and the deferred revenue dissipating as we move
through the year is really what you see play out in the second quarter overall.

We feel very comfortable at the margin level in Software. We're going to continue to invest in innovation,
ecosystem and skills, and we feel very good about our GBS business overall. Labor pressures, yes. There
is a war for talent going on. We are investing significantly. We're bringing thousands and thousands of GBS
practitioners in through the first half, and we feel pretty good about what the profile of that business is
going forward.

Operator

Our next question will come from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Securities, Research Division

It's nice to see the growth in gross profit dollars 2 quarters in a row. You had very strong Consulting
growth and GBS growth, as Jim just alluded. But gross margins compressed 60 basis points year-on-year
in GBS. It would be nice to see the full leverage in the model come through with both revenue growth and
margin expansion to amplify that gross profit dollar growth. So my question is really, how much longer
would you need to be in investment mode in GBS? And is it possible that we see in the coming quarters or
years? When do we actually see both revenue growth and margin expansion come into the model in GBS?

James J. Kavanaugh
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Operations

Wamsi, thanks for the question. So just building on Katy's question upfront, we are and we'll continue
to invest in this business as GBS is an essential part of our hybrid cloud platform-centric strategy. It is
both the tip of the spear, if you want to call it, in driving the demand from an architectural point of view

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 19,
2021

to our platform that then creates that flywheel effect that we talked about for every dollar that we land
on the platform, we get $3 to $5 of software and $6 to $8 of services revenue. So we're going to invest
significantly.

Now with that said, we rebounded off of second quarter. Second quarter last year, when the pandemic hit,
we dropped 7 points quarter-to-quarter. We posted down 6% last year in GBS. We returned back to pre-
pandemic revenue levels and exceeded growth expectations. But we're going to continue to invest in this
part because of the importance GBS plays in that hybrid cloud platform, and we'll get that profit dollar
contribution.

And more importantly, you see it play out in our second key metric that we give guidance on, and that's
our adjusted free cash flow. And we feel very good about where our adjusted free cash flow is through the
first half, it's up year-to-year, really taking into account most of the cash tax headwind we talked about 90
days ago is pretty much behind us going forward. So our [ attainment-wise ] on adjusted free cash flow,
which is really going to be a reflection of both top line revenue acceleration and operating leverage and
margin as we move forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.

A.M. Sacconaghi
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

I was wondering if I could ask you a little bit about acquisitions. I think over the last year, you spent
$3.2 billion on acquisitions. And Arvind, you said that you expect the acquisitions on a sustained basis
to contribute about 100 to 150 basis points of inorganic growth per year. So is that what we should be
thinking about, about $3 billion in acquisition spend, generating $600 million to $900 million that's 100
to 150 basis points of RemainCo? Is that sort of the mental model framework we should think about?
And then could you comment specifically on how much acquisitions impacted GBS' reported growth rate
and Cognitive Apps' reported growth rate in the quarter? Or just give us a dollar figure for the inorganic
acquisition contribution to each of those businesses, please.

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Thanks, Toni. Great question. So let's just start with the first part. So we are generating last year, if I
remember correctly, $10.8 billion of free cash flow for the year 2020. We have said $11 billion to $12
billion this year. So if you do the math between dividends, acquisitions and capital expenditures, you get
to the $3 billion to $3.5 billion. If you now say that we are going to increase our free cash flow by $0.5
billion to $1 billion in a given year, then you can expect that number on inorganic activities to go up year-
over-year. So the $3 billion to $3.5 billion is a fair number for this year. It would -- it could go up as we
begin to increase our cash flow. We've already said next year, we expect to generate $12 billion to $13
billion, not $11 billion to $12 billion. So that gives you one sense, Toni, just on the absolute number.

The second question you had in there on the GBS. So as we have said and I've said before, 100 to 150
basis points of growth from acquisitions. I would say that GBS is right in the top end of that number if you
look at the second quarter. And if you look at Cognitive Applications, actually more cognitive software all in
because I think Cognitive Applications, there was a knit, if any, from acquisitions, the number would be at
the very, very low number. I mean maybe a few tens of basis points, nothing significant yet.

Now the GBS acquisitions give you an immediate return and then grow at a nice number but obviously
contributing a lot less there. Think of it in the software side, the model is they come in, they do because
of deferred revenue, begin to give you some acquisition but over -- revenue over 12 months. But those
acquisitions grow very fast. So the contribution actually goes on for multiple years, not just for a single
year from those acquisitions to the overall growth rate. And so that's quite different. GBS immediately,
about 150; software, much smaller, a few tens. But imagine that all of those build up over time, and it
provides a pretty nice tailwind then over 2 to 3 years.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 19,
2021

Operator

Our next question will come from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I guess, Arvind, I have a question on the hybrid cloud potential because you've talked a fair bit about it
today and in the past. And I think most investors would really agree that hybrid cloud is a reality. But
maybe if you could touch on, a, why do you think IBM is better positioned to enable your customers to get
there versus some of your peers? And then secondly, what does hybrid cloud mean for your profitability
and free cash flow? Because I think to some extent, there's a perception, perhaps misperception that the
shift from on-prem to hybrid is negative for IBM's margins.

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Amit, thanks. And look, so as you correctly have pointed out, I mean, I want to repeat you, but I
obviously believe it. Hybrid cloud is the reality for our clients. Now to get into the more meaty parts
of your question. If you look at why would people prefer us for hybrid cloud, if I look at a given large
hyperscaler, they'll do hybrid as in their own public cloud and maybe some on-premise means. But
the goal is to drive workload onto the public cloud. Who has the credibility to go across multiple public
clouds? And that's why you hear me always say both Microsoft and Amazon are our partners, not only
our competitors. And that is an important play that IBM has done for many, many decades, where we
integrate across the environment that our clients operate in. So that's one part.

On a bit more of a technical level, that was the primary reason for the Red Hat acquisition. Red Hat
gave us both the platform and the assets to be able to bring a hybrid cloud platform to bear because we
would all agree, I think all of your listeners and all of your audience would agree that Linux is a de facto
operating system. Red Hat Linux is a de facto for on-premise and private environments. Containers is
the standard, which people are going to move on to. So if you say you begin really strong on-premise
and private, you can take that same exact environment to multiple public. That gives us, we believe, an
advantage.

Now let me acknowledge to the point you're making. If hybrid cloud is the reality that everyone is going to
start having a play in hybrid. But we believe that our play is advantaged for the industries that we serve.
That doesn't mean they'll use us exclusively, but they will use us to a large extent. And that is where we
are headed there.

The second part now for your question, which I think actually plays right in on profitability and cash flow.
The way we look at it, over 2/3 of where we get our revenue is going to lie in software. If that is the case
and software comes at software margins, I'm not going to debate whether you get a difference in model
from on-premise licensing to as a service licensing to term license model. All of those even out and pretty
much on awash over 2 to 3 years. They are different in any given 6 months. But if I take a 2- to 3-year
view, and that is what we're really fixed on driving, then all of that evens out. And you begin to get gross
margins back up in the 70s and 80s, and you begin to get the profitability and cash flow associated with
that. And so that is the answer to that question.

By the way, the services based on helping our clients go there, you can begin to see that. And I know
that there were a couple of questions earlier on the GBS margin. Look, we are very fixed on driving
investments. So we drive investment a little bit ahead. I'm not going to tell you years ahead, but maybe
1 or 2 quarters ahead of the revenue or the revenue growth comes. We'll keep doing that, and that will
impact maybe percentages, but by tens of basis points. But it shows up in absolute profit and absolute
cash flow even in that part of the business.

James J. Kavanaugh
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Operations

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 19,
2021

Yes. I would just add one thing to that, Arvind, to build on your point. When you look at the IBM company
post separation of Kyndryl, the IBM company is going to be roughly around 45% to 50% software as far as
composition and mix. That carries with it a high EBITDA profile already today.

And just as one example, when you look at our Red Hat base of business today, as CFO, I love that. That
subscription model that has growth in ARR built into it overall, it's already running well north of the Rule of
40 today. So as we shift more and more to software-based contribution, that mix effect will help us bottom
line in cash also.

Operator

Next, we will hear from Matt Cabral with Credit Suisse.

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Yes. Within Cloud & Cognitive, I was hoping to dig a little bit more into Cloud Pak. And wondering if
you can talk about, just more broadly, the maturity of the Cloud Paks portfolio and where you are in
the integration with OpenShift. And can you just talk about where you're seeing the impact in terms
of customer adoption so far? And going forward, just the contribution from Cloud Paks on the financial
performance of the Software segment from here.

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Yes. So Matt, thanks for the question. Let me answer the first part of your question on the, I'll call it,
the architectural elements and the use cases. And then I'll give it to Jim to answer it on the financials,
this thing. So if you look at the maturity of Cloud Paks, I would tell you that every Cloud Pak we have
been selling this year and deploying this year is on OpenShift. We made the move from other Kubernetes
platforms onto OpenShift starting in October of '19.

And so yes, of course, let's acknowledge that people who might have purchased prior to '19 would have
bought other Kubernetes platforms. And so by last year, 2020, it was all going on to OpenShift. So I think
that maturity is complete. Now if some people have prior versions of software deployed, we observed
typically within 3 years from day 1, they do move to the new versions. So I would expect by the end of
this year, even the prior deployed would have fully moved, and that's done.

If you look at customer adoption, CapEx are a very strong contributor to the 3,200 clients that we
mentioned. Well over half of them come through Cloud Paks. And so what are the use cases? Look, the
work we're doing with Palantir is a great example. Palantir runs on top of the Cloud Pak for data, and
that's a great example of what we're doing. When you hear us talk about Watson Assistant as in the CVS
use case, which handled over 10 million calls in a quarter for COVID-19 vaccines, that was an assistant
runs on top of another Cloud Pak.

So these are great examples of how mature the technology is. I will tell you the OpenShift maturity is
complete, and it really helps reinforce both the adoption of OpenShift as well as then clients get very
comfortable with deploying OpenShift for other use cases. It's a workload at the end of the day for
OpenShift, and as clients get comfortable, they might deploy it for other purposes as well.

In terms of the financials, I'll pass it to Jim.

James J. Kavanaugh
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Operations

Yes. Just quickly, Matt, thank you very much for the question. Taking a step back, first of all, we're very
pleased with our overall progression within our software portfolio. More work to do, but we're making
progress. And C&DP, which I'll remind everyone on the call and our investors, is about 50% of our overall
software portfolio, and that's where the lion's share of our Cloud Paks sit.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 19,
2021

Now when you look at our C&DP performance, when we look at it on the way we manage the business
on a historical normalized basis, we see acceleration. We returned back to growth. In first quarter,
we accelerated that growth of 4% here in the second quarter. And that is really attributed to the nice
momentum we're seeing in Cloud Paks. We announced Cloud Paks 18 months ago, 2 years ago. Given
our ELA historical client base, that takes time to churn through that client base. And as you know, last
year was the trough of our ELA renewal cycle. We started to improve on that later in the second half. And
really, that ELA cycle plays out in 2022.

But we actually had a very nice inflection here in the second quarter. Our Cloud Paks on an NRR, net
revenue renewal, we're north of 100%. So we've said all along, Arvind and myself, that there's going to be
a shift with Cloud Paks and there's going to be lift with Cloud Paks. And now we're starting to see a higher
mix contribution of Cloud Paks, and we're starting to see where we do have shift, we're getting north of
100% on an NRR perspective. And that's an encouraging trend.

Operator

Our next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just on the services side, Consulting, obviously great, double digit. You had -- signings were pretty strong
here. Do you feel like from a backlog and pipeline perspective that you're starting to reach a little bit of
inflection to get some better growth overall out of the services unit given what you see plus some of the
investments that you're making? And then separately, forgive the follow-on question, Patricia. But just on
the TPP front, Transaction Processing Platforms. Is it just the comp issue that we should look for that --
the performance there to get better? Or are there other areas that we could be potentially monitoring to
see some better performance there? Or is it just waiting for that transition?

James J. Kavanaugh
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Operations

I'll take that, Arvind. Tien-Tsin, thank you very much for the question. When you look at our services base
of business, we delivered $9.2 billion of signings in the quarter. It's up double digit at actual rate. We did
see improvement in our backlog overall. It's really very different dynamics playing out here, as we tried to
say in the prepared remarks. We see very strong momentum in our GBS base of business.

When you look at our signings in the quarter, we had strong performance. Our trailing 12 months
book-to-bill is 1.2. Through the first half, we have roughly double-digit growth in signings across all 3
subsegments, very good growth this quarter in large deals, and we have continued momentum in small
deals. And we saw improvement in our revenue, in our backlog and our revenue realization moving
forward. And that gives us comfort. As we said in the prepared remarks, we expect about a normal
quarter-to-quarter seasonality overall. We actually see GBS accelerating growth probably about another
point from the second quarter overall.

In GTS, really what we're seeing is a good performance overall, leveraging our incumbency position
and driving strong renewals. We're seeing with that incumbency position, finally, a turnaround with an
encouraging trend on client-based business volumes and project-based services, that they're engaging
in project-based services. And our incumbency accounts were up 20% here in the second quarter. But as
expected, the new logos, while we have a very healthy pipeline and new logos out there, the sales cycles
are elongated, as we said in the prepared remarks.

So we see some nice acceleration continuing in GBS overall. But again, with GTS, it's a focus on the
fundamentals of the business profile of that. That means margin, profit and cash. And what I think you've
seen in the second quarter, we made some very good progress overall with margins up 110 basis points,
pretax margins up 190 basis points and profit dollar growth both in gross profit dollars and in pretax profit
dollars.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 19,
2021

Lastly, on TPP, yes, as we talked about many times over the last year or so, we do see the transition
happening in this portfolio with regards to a shift back more and more to consumption-based, annuity-
based purchasing versus in 2018 and 2019, we had a much healthier macroeconomic environment, a
very cash-rich environment. Clients then shifted to more perpetual licenses. We're seeing that come back.
And that's going to play as it played out where we saw the revenue upside in '18 and '19. In '20 and '21,
you're going to continue to see the headwind as we've been saying. We expect that to come back in 2022,
back to normal market trend growth rates overall.

Operator

Our next question will come from David Grossman with Stifel.

David Michael Grossman
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Actually, most of my questions have been answered. I just have one follow-up question. I think, Jim, you
mentioned revenue retention of greater than 100%. And I wasn't quite sure what the reference point was
in software and whether you have any incremental data points you can share about revenue retention by
business within cognitive segment.

James J. Kavanaugh
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Operations

Sure, David. Thank you very much. Cloud Paks are definitely an essential part as we've invested
significantly to containerize our software and optimize it on top of OpenShift, our hybrid cloud platform
overall. When we take a look at our Cloud Paks, we measure and manage.

Arvind and I have a dashboard that we look at all of our large enterprise top clients overall, our
deployment penetration within each of those clients. And we're able to see as we transition a client from
a traditional middleware to a cloud-based containerized solution, not only can we track the deployment
and how that progresses over time. We could see the dollar of yesterday versus the dollar of today as they
transition to Cloud Pak. And we measure the net revenue retention, not only how much come in, whether
we're able to upsell, cross-sell with multiple Cloud Paks as we move forward.

And like I said in the second quarter, we're making progress, much more to do, but we're making progress
on the mix composition of moving more and more to Cloud Paks. And we're also making progress on
capturing more of our clients' wallet share dollar for that same dollar of traditional middleware overall.
Hopefully, that helps, David.

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Jim, to make it into business terms or a use case, what that tells you is that when they renew, they are
actually buying more volume, which means it's the beginning to become a larger part of the real estate --
technology real estate at a client.

Patricia Murphy
Vice President of Investor Relations

Very good. Thank you, David. We're at the top of the hour, but let's take one more question, Sheila.

Operator

Our last question will come from Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal.

Keith Frances Bachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

I wanted to ask, Arvind, you a question on revisiting on what your growth assumptions or targets are
around cognitive. And the particular reference point to my question is this quarter, you generated roughly
2% revenue growth. And it was -- you had the benefit of compare, particularly on some of the line items

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 19,
2021

within cognitive. And so not particularly -- it's good growth but still a ways to go to reach your longer-
term targets. So what happens to change that improves cognitive. And Part B of the backdrop is if I think
about Red Hat, and we remain pretty positive on Red Hat even over the next couple of years, but you still
face the uphill battle of the longer-term trends within cognitive. Db2 is probably a declining market. And
as you've talked about in the past, Transaction Processing Platforms is also a declining, I think, revenue
stream over the arc of time. So if you could just revisit on how do you reach your longer-term growth
rates within cognitive.

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Chairman of the Board

All right. Thanks, Keith. Important question and an important element of our thesis going forward. So
we've been clear that our Cloud & Cognitive Software will grow mid-single digit going forward. And you're
questioning, Keith, how is that going to be possible? So first and most important element, Red Hat today
is sitting at about, in rough numbers, 25% of the business, growing at about 17% this quarter, let's call it,
15% in the medium term. But as opposed to being 25%, it's going to go up and up to become 35% of the
total and over a longer term, even more. So 15% for 1/3 of the business, you kind of get the contribution
from that, which is quite significant.

Also, as we are both innovating organically, example in Cloud Paks, and we are acquiring businesses that
are going to turbocharge [ a bit of -- upon ] Turbonomic, our business there on both management as well
as on cybersecurity, we expect to see very high growth rates there, high single digit, that is well above the
mid, maybe into the low double digits.

Will we see declines in some parts of the portfolio? We've been very transparent. We expect TPP to be
between mid- and high single-digit decline in the mid to long term. But it becomes a smaller and smaller
portion of the total. So it has a drag from there. Cognitive Applications, we expect to be right in there, but
it's the smallest part of the portfolio. It's not the biggest part of the portfolio.

And so to just recap on that, number one, Red Hat, growing in the mid-teens. As it becomes bigger, a
bigger absolute contributor to the total. The rest of the cloud and data platform with a mixture of both
organic innovation and inorganic acquisitions is going to then contribute to growth at or above the mid-
single digits in the medium term. TPP, mid-single-digit decliner. Cog Apps, probably right in line with the
model. So hopefully, Keith, that gives you a breakdown into a lot of pieces. By the way, the Db2 that
you mentioned declining is very much inside the TPP. So those are not really different questions. Db2
mainframe and TPP are one and the same.

So let me just make a couple of comments to wrap up the call. We again made progress in this quarter,
but we acknowledge we still have more to do. As we move into the second half, we are continuing to
invest and execute on our actions, which include the separation of Kyndryl. All of this positions IBM to
exit the year in a strong position on a path of sustainable growth, and I look forward to continuing this
dialogue with you.

Patricia Murphy
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Sheila, can I turn it back to you to close out the call?

Operator
Absolutely. Thank you. Thank you for participating on today's call. The conference has now ended. You
may disconnect at this time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 19,
2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

