Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. 

NYSE:ICE
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 29, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.16

1.16

Revenue  (mm)

1706.68

1707.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-21-2021 5:22 AM GMT

0.00

0.02

1.20

4.95

5.23

1696.48

6918.58

7156.74

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.98

1.08

1.31

1.16

1.03

1.13

1.34

1.16

5.10 %

4.63 %

2.29 %

0.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Benjamin R. Jackson
President

Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Lynn C. Martin
President of Fixed Income & Data
Services

Mary Caroline O'Neal

Warren Gardiner
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Michael J. Cyprys
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Patrick Joseph O'Shaughnessy
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Simon Alistair Vaughan Clinch
Atlantic Equities LLP, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the ICE Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator
Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to
Mary Caroline O'Neal, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Mary Caroline O'Neal

Good morning. ICE's second quarter 2021 earnings release and presentation can be found in the Investors
section of the ice.com. These items will be archived, and our call will be available for replay.

Today's call may contain forward-looking statements. These statements, which we undertake no obligation
to update, represent our current judgment and are subject to risks, assumptions and uncertainties. For a
description of the risks that could cause our results to differ materially from those described in forward-
looking statements, please refer to our 2020 Form 10-K, second quarter Form 10-Q and other filings with
the SEC.

In our earnings supplement, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe our non-GAAP measures
are more reflective of our cash operations and core business performance. You'll find a reconciliation to the
equivalent GAAP term in the earnings materials. When used on this call, net revenue refers to revenue net
of transaction-based expenses and adjusted earnings refers to adjusted diluted earnings per share.

Throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, references to revenue growth are on a constant
currency basis. Please see the explanatory notes on the second page of the earnings supplement for
additional details regarding the definition of certain items.

With us on the call today are Jeff Sprecher, Chairman and CEO; Warren Gardiner, Chief Financial Officer;
Ben Jackson, President; and Lynn Martin, President of Fixed Income and Data Services. I'll now turn the
call over to Warren.

Warren Gardiner
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, M.C. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll begin on Slide 4 with some
of the key highlights from our second quarter results. Adjusted earnings per share totaled $1.16, up 12%
year-over-year. Net revenues totaled $1.7 billion, and on a pro forma basis, we're up 4% versus last year.
While total transaction revenues declined slightly, our recurring revenues, which now represent over half
of our business, increased by 10%, with all 3 of our business segments contributing to the strong year-
over-year growth.

Adjusted operating expense totaled $744 million. Our investment in Bakkt contributed approximately $36
million to second quarter expenses and were offset by approximately $9 million of net revenues. We now
anticipate that the Bakkt announced transaction with Victory Park will close in the third quarter.

Looking to the second half, we expect third quarter adjusted operating expense to be in the range of $770
million to $780 million, including $55 million related to back which we expect will be offset by $12 million
of net revenue. Incorporating third quarter Bakkt expense into our full year guide we now expect 2021
adjusted operating expenses to be in the range of $2.95 billion to $2.98 billion.

First half free cash flow totaled over $1.4 billion, which was used to fund a 10% increase in our dividend
while also reducing our leverage, ending the quarter at just under 3.4x adjusted EBITDA. As noted last
quarter, we elected to sell our stake in Coinbase in early April, generating over $1.2 billion in gross
proceeds, which we then use to reduce commercial paper outstanding.

With respect to our other minority investments, we are in the early stages of exploring a sale of our stake
in Euroclear. While the timing of any potential sale remains unclear, -- our strategy is consistent with our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

goal to reduce leverage following the acquisition of Ellie Mae and our strategic approach of continuously
evaluating and optimizing the allocation of capital across our business.

Now let's move to Slide 5, where I'll provide an overview of the performance of our Exchange segment.
Second quarter net revenues totaled $909 million, including $582 million of transaction revenues. This
strong performance was driven by a 6% increase in our interest rate business, an 11% increase in
European natural gas revenues and a 59% increase in revenues related to global environmental products.
Importantly, total open interest, which we believe is the best indicator of long-term growth is up 14%
versus the end of last year, including 10% growth in energy open interest and 21% growth across our
financial futures and options complex.

Recurring revenues, which include our exchange data services and our NYSE listings business increased
7% year-over-year. The acceleration in growth was driven by 8% growth in our listings business. It is an
increasing number of operating company IPOs, particularly in the technology and consumer sectors are
joining the NYSE. Looking to the third quarter, we expect recurring revenues in our Exchange segment to
be between $324 million and $329 million, representing approximately 5% growth year-over-year. As a
sequential improvement in listings revenues is expected to be somewhat offset by lower data fees at the
NYSE.

Turning now to Slide 6. I'll discuss our Fixed Income and Data Services segment. Second quarter revenues
totaled $458 million, 6% growth in our recurring revenues, which accounted for nearly 90% of total
segment revenues offset a year-over-year decline in transaction fees. Fixed income data and analytics,
which includes our leading pricing and reference data and ICE Data indices increased by 5%, including
another quarter of double-digit growth in our index franchise. Other data and network services grew 7%,
driven by continued customer demand for additional network capacity. Looking to the third quarter, we
expect our recurring revenues to improve sequentially to a range of $409 million to $414 million. And in
addition, we now expect full year recurring revenue growth to be towards the higher end of the 5% to 6%
guidance range we provided on our fourth quarter call.

Let's go next to Slide 7, where I will discuss our Mortgage Technology segment. Please note that my
comments on revenue growth are on a pro forma basis. Mortgage Technology revenues grew 17% year-
over-year. Second quarter transaction revenues increased by 8%, while recurring revenues were up 36%
and at a $136 million exceeded the high end of our guidance range. These better-than-expected results
were driven by a combination of new customer growth and increased adoption of digital workflow tools
across origination technology, closing solutions and data and analytics. Shifting to the third quarter, we
expect the recurring revenues will once again grow sequentially and be in the range of $137 million to
$142 million, representing around 30% growth versus last year.

The first half of 2021 was the strongest in our company's history. We once again grew revenues, operating
income and free cash flow. Adjusted earnings per share of $2.50 were up 9% versus the prior record set
in the first half of 2020 and have increased 17% on average versus the first half of 2019. In addition, less
than 1 year following our strategic acquisition of Ellie Mae, we have reduced debt by nearly $3 billion while
also continuing to strategically invest in future growth.

I'll now turn the call over to Ben to discuss some of the highlights of our Exchange and Mortgage
businesses.

Benjamin R. Jackson
President

Thank you, Warren, and good morning to everyone on the call. Please turn to Slide 8. In the second
quarter, interest rate volatility, global economic reopening and the continued evolution of energy markets
once again drove customers to our deep liquid markets to manage their risk. This resulted in open interest
records across the platform and through July, open interest continues to build, increasing 9% versus last
year and reaching a new record for our total futures complex this week. Greenhouse gas emissions and
the evolution of energy markets are becoming increasingly important to market participants around the
world as evidenced by the 40% growth in the number of customers in our global environmental markets
since 2016.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Volumes in those markets also continued to grow, up 27% in the second quarter and up 22% and per year
on average over the past 5 years. Price transparency across the energy spectrum is critical as companies
look to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions in a cost-effective manner. And by combining the network
and liquidity across our global oil, natural gas, power and environmental markets, we are well positioned
to help our customers navigate this evolution.

In our natural gas markets, the globalization of gas and the rise of LNG are secular trends that we began
investing in over a decade ago. And today, as market participants see cleaner sources of energy, volumes
and revenue in our European TTF and Asian JKM complexes have grown 46% and 37% per year on
average over the past 5 years, respectively. And in our global oil markets, the breadth and depth of our
offering, which includes Brent, WTI, gas oil and over 700 spread products makes us the natural home for
innovative new energy products.

In March, we launched Murban crude oil futures, which has been one of the most successful futures
launches in our industry's history. And in the second quarter, we announced that we are working 2 of the
industry's largest participants, Magellan and Enterprise, to launch the Midland WTI American Gulf Coast
contract. This new contract will enable customers to price and hedge Midland WTI quality crude delivered
into Houston without being burdened by the storage and logistics constraints of WTI at Cushing.

Turning now to our Mortgage business on Slide 9. Customers are increasingly seeking efficiencies across
a very manual loan origination process. Our end-to-end digital solutions can not only reduce the time and
cost required to originate, but can also provide a fully electronic closing and improve the quality of loans
moving into the secondary market. And with a touch point to nearly every market participant, we have
connectivity to a customer base in need of the efficiencies that our digital solutions provide. The continued
growth in our recurring revenues is a testament to the demand we're seeing for these digital solutions. As
these new customers come on to our network, we benefit from new subscription revenues, and have the
opportunity to expand the customer relationship over time as they adopt additional solutions.

Just as we've seen in our other markets, this flywheel effect is what we believe will drive compounding
growth in our recurring revenues and gives us confidence that we can grow a business that at $1.2 billion
in revenue today is only a fraction of the $10 billion addressable market that is in the early days of an
analog to digital conversion. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Lynn to discuss our Fixed
Income and Data Services business.

Lynn C. Martin
President of Fixed Income & Data Services

Thank you, Ben, and good morning to everyone on the call. Please turn to Slide 10. Data is a core
competency at ICE, whether it's a byproduct of our Exchanges, evaluated prices or fixed income securities,
indices and front office tools or data and analytics use across the mortgage workflow. Data connects
the different businesses across the ICE platform and connects ICE to participants across asset classes
and around the world. Our comprehensive fixed income data platform continues to deliver compounding
revenue growth as these markets automate and its passive investing groups.

Our quality of value-added prices provide mission-critical transparency for nearly 3 million securities per
day. Combined with our comprehensive reference data offering, these form the building blocks to index
construction and product development. The accelerating growth of passive investing and the efforts we've
made to increase the breadth of our offering and flexibility of our approach to index construction has
contributed to the double-digit annual growth in our index business since we acquired the Bank of America
Merrill Lynch franchise in 2017.

A key driver of that growth has been an increase in the passive ETF AUM benchmark to our indices,
growing to over $300 billion from less than $100 billion in 2017. Part of that growth is being driven by
established ETFs transitioning their benchmark to ICE, including $60 billion of AUM that has announced
the transition during 2021 to date. ICE Data indices now represents just under 20% of the growing fixed
income ETF universe, including over 50% of the muni ETF universe.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Additionally, over the last year, ICE has launched over 250 new indices across fixed income, equities and
commodities, including a growing number of ESG and thematic indices as well as custom indices. Our new
index customization platform gives investors direct access to the tools they need to build and quickly back
test their own index rules. And through the first half of 2021, customers have created nearly as many
custom indices as were created in all of 2020. Our index business is an important part of our broader
front office toolkit, which also includes solutions like continuous evaluated pricing, best execution, liquidity
indicators and real-time curves. These front office tools have grown double digits for the past 3 years and
continue to be an important part of our overall fixed income strategy. So as flows continue to move into
fixed income ETF, ESG and thematic investing continues to grow and fixed income markets electronify,
we will remain close to our customers and continue to deliver innovative solutions to meet their evolving
needs.

I'll now turn it over to Jeff.

Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Lynn, and thank you all for joining us this morning. Please turn to Slide 11. At the heart of
our strategy at ICE is our data, technology and network expertise, which connect the different businesses
across ICE, enabling us to deliver innovative solutions for our customers. In our Index business, as Lynn
mentioned, we've seen a fair number of exchange-traded funds transition their benchmarks to ICE. In
addition to the quality of our underlying pricing and reference data, another driver of these moves is the
expansion of the reference data constituents that we offer.

Assets under management, transitioning to our indices not only benefits our Fixed Income and Data
Services business, but we've seen the cross-selling benefit to our Listings business with several biotech
companies selecting the New York Stock Exchange as their listing venue. Additionally, by combining our
expertise in index construction with our leading global environmental trading markets, we've created the
ICE Global Carbon Index, a benchmark for the universal price of carbon, which is critical to employing
market forces to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in a cost-effective manner. The ICE Global Carbon
Index is part of a suite of environmental, social and governance-related services that ICE offers to our
customers, which also include green bond indices, climate analytics and our ESG reference data.

Earlier this week, we announced the integration of ICE Mortgage Technologies transaction-based mortgage
rates into our mortgage prepayment model at ICE Data. As a leading provider of price evaluations for
mortgage-backed securities, this is an important new offering, and it represents the first time that we've
coupled the valuable underlying content from ICE Mortgage Technology with our expertise in identifying
and creating new data offerings. This enhancement will enable the market to more accurately price
mortgage prepayments, which are a critical component for fixed income investors. These are only a few
of the many innovative solutions that we're able to bring to our customers as a result of the synergistic
relationships that exist across our platform, which makes the whole of ICE greater than the sum of its
parts.

Looking at the first half of this year amidst the backdrop of rising interest rates and rising commodity
prices, yet lower equity market volatility and mortgage refinance volumes. We once again grew revenues,
grew adjusted operating income and grew adjusted earnings per share. These results are a testament to
the strategy that we've operated for the past 20 years, the business model that we've intentionally built
and the value of our strategic capital allocation. We've deliberately positioned the company to have a mix
of transaction and compounding subscription revenues to give investors upside exposure while hedging
our downside risk.

We target markets where there's an analog-to-digital conversion taking place. We diversify our global
footprint because at all times, somewhere in the world, there are risks that our customers and our
potential customers need to manage. We strategically deploy our capital both into and out of opportunities
to maximize shareholder value. The combination of these factors is what makes ICE an all-weather name
that generates growth on top of growth.
Before I end my prepared remarks, I'd like to say thank you to our customers for their business and for
their trust in this quarter. And I'd like to thank my colleagues at ICE for their contribution to both the best

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

second quarter and the best first half in our company's history. With that, I'll now turn the call back to our
moderator, Shaun, and we'll conduct a question-and-answer session until 9:30 Eastern Time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The first question today will come from Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

My first question is on mortgage -- on the Mortgage business. And just trying to see if we can get some
more clarification on how -- when the interest rate environment changes, how it's going to impact the
Mortgage business, especially in the back half of the year. If you look, you held up pretty well versus what
the industry forecast. But how should we think about when the forecast at 20 -- over 20% or 20% down
quarter-to-quarter, Jeff and Warren?

Benjamin R. Jackson
President

Rich, it's Ben. I'll take this one. So we're -- as we've talked about in the prior calls, what we're doing here
is we're building a business that's going to be resilient to cyclical volume trends. And at the same time,
capitalizing on the secular trend of the overall analog-to-digital conversion and a long-term guide of an
8% to 10% average annual growth in the business. So what you see in our results, is you saw, if you look
at our top line revenue number and you compare that to where you just try to draw a consensus to where
the estimates are between Fannie, Freddie, MDA, we beat those numbers and we beat those results of
what happened sequentially quarter-over-quarter.

And we also, as we pointed out in the script, significantly beat our subscription revenue guide. So the
couple of things that are going on under the covers there is that, one, we're having incredible sales
success and when we sell new customers, that leads to new subscription revenue as we implement them.
And then number two, we're looking at taking this unprecedented time of volumes that the industry
has seen last year and this year to purposely engage with our customers on opportunities to increase
the amount of subscription revenue that we have and some of the services that we provide along our
comprehensive network. Such as our loan origination system and our data and analytics platform called
AIQ.

So we are purposely tilting relationships with new customers as well as when customers are renewing
looking at shifting more of the mix towards subscription. In terms of the volume trends that we're seeing,
we're seeing a purchase market that's strong, but it's tough on inventory as is very well publicized. And
we're seeing a refinance market where interest rates popped up in March, and they've come right back
down. So we're still seeing a refinance market that's decent. And what's really offsetting any headwinds
that refinance has seen has been a significant amount of cash out refi that is happening in the market
just given the amount of home price appreciation and people taking money off the table to do home
improvements or pay off other debt.

So that's what's really happening under the covers.

Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Rich, let me just make one more point to you as part of the strategy that we have at ICE is to build a
company that will grow on top of growth. And so we have really designed the company so that we have
interest rate exposure in other parts of the business that drives revenue up. And so the goal here, and
as you saw with interest rates ticking up, our interest rate futures complex and some of the products
around our fixed income complex did better. So part of the strategy with mortgage is to make sure that we
bundled it with this all-weather opportunity that we have across the whole business.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Very helpful, Jeff, and Ben. And it sort of segues into my follow-up, and that would be on the fixed income
side. On the data side, it's clear the dominance you have. And then I guess the question is, will it ever --
is it -- should we even focus on transaction revenue? Or is it -- will it ever poly into -- on the transaction
side, all the data dominance that you've established there?

Lynn C. Martin
President of Fixed Income & Data Services

Yes, Rich, this is Lynn. Thanks so much for the question. Now that we brought the execution and data
pieces together and as the fixed income markets have increasingly electronified given the assets that we
have under the umbrella, I think we're uniquely positioned to not only help the industry automate their
workflows, but to benefit from that automation.

We -- Last year, we launched a piece of technology, which united our execution protocol, but more
importantly, united our data elements alongside those execution protocols. And as a result, you're starting
to see more and more activity through our portfolio trading, which leverages our front office data assets.
All of that provides a tailwind for us from a distribution perspective as well as from a demand perspective
to continue to deliver on the double-digit compounding annual growth rates that I mentioned in my
prepared remarks for our front office tool kit.

Operator

The next question today will come from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I was hoping to start with the Energy business. In ICE you are seeing significant growth in the
environmental products, as you mentioned in one of the slides, I guess, the emissions futures in particular.
It's a pretty high capture rate product, so I was hoping to dig in a little bit more here. So I guess, one,
spend a few minutes on how this market is evolving and how do you expect the growth to sort of progress
here?

And specifically, I'm looking to get a sense of what the revenue contribution there is today to ICE? What
sort of changes you're seeing at the customer composition level here. So kind of end customers versus
financial players perhaps coming in. How is that evolving geographically? So right now, it's largely EU, but
perhaps U.K., U.S., Asia on the come, and then ultimately, competition. Again, high capture rate product?
How sustainable do you think it ultimately will be?

Benjamin R. Jackson
President

Thanks, Alex. This is Ben. I'll take this one. So, as you can appreciate, and we've talked about in prior
calls, we've been thinking about the environmental impacts and how to create a market-based mechanism
to price carbon for over a decade. And that really came to life when we bought the Climate Exchange
over a decade ago. Fast forward to today, for Futures & Options that are out creating a market-based
mechanism to price carbon, we're 95% of the Futures & Options marketplace that's doing that. So we
have a tremendous presence around the world. It continues to be a very high-growth business for us. And
as I see it will continue to be. And some of the drivers for that -- I'll just touch upon some parts of the
portfolio.

So if you look at our EU business, where the vast majority of trading that's happening there, we continue
to see new participants coming in, both financial players and commercial players. Because new sectors are
being captured in government mandates around who needs to pay attention to a carbon price signal. And
there's the potential that areas like marine, roads and buildings, all get captured going forward into this.
So that's a potential tailwind for more people needing to pay attention to our markets.

You also have in the EU, the concept of free allowance thresholds, where if you're under a certain
threshold, you don't need to necessarily pay attention to carbon price signals. There's momentum behind
lowering those free allowance thresholds, which thus could capture some of the major heavy industrial
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

sectors that are currently not captured there. So that, again, leads to more commercials coming into the
marketplace. In the U.S., again, we're a significant -- very significant lead in our business there. And
there, the big trend is new states coming into the regional greenhouse gas initiative. So there's potential
for more and more states coming into that. There's momentum behind that in some of these states, and
that leads to more trading in our markets.

You have just recently, I mentioned on the last call that we launched our new U.K. emissions trading
scheme. So as a result of Brexit, one of the benefits we got is that the U.K. decided to set up their
own emissions trading scheme. They selected us to do that. We launched it. And as I mentioned in
my prepared remarks, it's been a very, very successful launch. And then you have new geographies
around the world. So you have a trend with -- in Asia Pacific where there's the potential for more and
more adoption of these. And given the significant lead we have in creating these markets on behalf of
governments and market participants to create that market base pricing mechanism, that market-based
pricing mechanism we're heavily engaged in all of those conversations.

And given that we are the most transparent way to price -- put a market-based mechanism to price
carbon, we've also developed alongside our or ICE Fixed Income and Data Services business, a global
carbon index, which is being able -- using the prices coming out of our marketplaces to create a very
transparent way to look at both global as well as regional price trends within the carbon markets.

Warren Gardiner
Chief Financial Officer

And then -- Alex, it's Warren. Just to answer your question on its contribution to our revenues. So
volumes in that environmental complex has been about 2%, 3% of the energy volumes. But to your point,
correctly, it's a higher capture rate. So revenues there are actually closer to about 10% of our energy
revenues.

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. Great. And just as a follow-up, maybe a little bit of a bigger picture question for you guys. But the
stock is obviously lagged and the multiple is now at a pretty meaningful discount to a number of your
peer groups, and there's obviously a number of peer groups there. So across essentially all of them. I
appreciate the point that ICE is looking to sell a stake in Euroclear, but are there opportunities to further
kind of prune the portfolio more aggressively, maybe selling businesses that are not meeting your growth
thresholds in order to delever faster and maybe begin a more aggressive share repurchase plan?

Warren Gardiner
Chief Financial Officer

That's a great question. To a certain degree, that's what you saw us do. Our decision to sell our Coinbase
stake was really about us being able to delever so that we can get back to a position where we can buy
back shares, return capital to shareholders, which, as you know, has been our historical trend. And so, yes
is the answer. We're always looking at our portfolio. I think in our industry, there's a lot of mergers and
acquisitions that happened, but very few of our peers really think about dispositions and we do.

As you know, we've, at one time on the French, Dutch, Belgian, Portuguese Stock Exchange. We've
owned various analytics businesses. Obviously, we own some minority stakes in businesses. And so we're
constantly thinking about our return on invested capital. and how to best deploy it. And as I think you are
aware, we always look at our own view of the value of our shares and then to the extent that the best
place for us to deploy capital is in returning it to shareholders via share buybacks, we aggressively do
that.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The next question will come from Alex Kramm with UBS.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Just maybe on the index business. Thanks for the -- I think there are new disclosures in terms of the ASV
there. I know it's small in the context of the company and the segment, and it's obviously small relative to
a lot of the other bigger index players. But Lynn, can you maybe help us with the revenue model and how
that business breaks down? I mean some of your competitors obviously help us with how much is driven
by EPS and asset-based fees, how much is data, which I know in fixed income is important. And maybe
even some opportunities around derivatives trading, which maybe could materialize over time. So just
help us a little bit how that business breaks down and where you see most of the opportunities? Is it just a
play on ETFs or -- are there other bigger opportunities that you can monetize it multiple ways?

Lynn C. Martin
President of Fixed Income & Data Services

Yes. Thanks for the question, Alex. It's a great question. I think we see the opportunity for indices in
multiple areas -- the -- particularly in fixed income, the indexation opportunity could be anywhere from
acquiring our data, acquiring data subscriptions, allowing firms to make their own custom indices giving
us the opportunity to calculate those indices to provide intraday snapshots for those indices or real-time
versions of those indices, provide analytics, but also provide benchmarks. Obviously, the ETFs that I
mentioned in my prepared remarks that have selected us as their destination for transition business,
selected us from a benchmarking perspective.

But in fixed income, increasingly, firms are also looking at our high-quality underlying data, the fact that
we're able to publish that data in a real-time basis which allows them to manage the real-time risks of the
fixed income ETF market. So from our perspective, we think there's opportunity across the spectrum, not
just on the ETF AUM side, but also on the underlying data side as well as the services around it like our
custom index tool.

Warren Gardiner
Chief Financial Officer

And Alex, it's Warren. So in terms of sort of the revenue mix, it's similar to what you're familiar with the
peers. And then it's a mix of the subscription fees and then asset-based fees that are based off of those
ETFs. And so I think if you think about some of the growth we've seen there, it's been all of that. But I
think the ETF side of that has been where we've been leading in terms of the growth. So hopefully, that
helps you understand the mix a little bit more.

Operator

The next question will come from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Great. A few questions. I'll get back in the queue for the second one. But I just wanted to touch on energy
sort of a longer-term question for either Ben or Jeff. But as the market slowly transitions to cleaner
energy and environmental products, how do you see that longer-term transition playing out in your overall
volumes versus your more traditional energy products. So this would be both for nat gas, clean energy
and the environmental suite. And I appreciate, Warren, that you said the RPCs are much higher on the
environmental side. So that's sounds like it will be a smoother transition from a revenue perspective. But
just to get sort of your thoughts on how many years you think it would take for the environmental and
clean energy suite to match the core energy franchise, if that's a possible speculation to make.

Benjamin R. Jackson
President

Thanks, Brian. This is Ben. I'll take this one. So when you think about our portfolio, and it was threaded
through your question there, I think you appreciate the fact that we've built the most diversified platform
that there is on the planet to help customers really go through this energy transition. We provide products,
everything from coal to oil to natural gas to LNG and to the environmental markets. And in all those
sectors, we are the lead provider of services, helping customers within each of those segments, but

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

then also as they're transitioning towards a cleaner environment, cleaner fuels, helping them along that
journey, manage their exposure to price risk we're seeing underneath each one of those segments, we're
still seeing a lot of demand for new products.

So you take, for example, just what's happened in oil. We've had a ton of innovation that's happened in
oil to help the Middle East and Asia Pacific commercial customers, where we were selected to launch the
Murban crude oil contract to enable users to be able to have a better price mechanism for pricing Middle
Eastern oil going to Asia. You have the recent development that we announced with the Midland WTI
American Gulf Coast crude contract is being launched with 2 huge commercial partners in Magellan and
Enterprise, that will be launched early next year to provide a much better way to price WTI Midland crude
that's at Houston and not constrained by the infrastructure constraints that are in and around Cushing.

You also see -- you may have seen that a recent consultation came out in the industry by us and as well
as our partners in S&P Platts to look at further evolution of the Brent contract in adding new sources of
crude such as Johan Sverdrup and very importantly, the potential for WTI Midland basis Houston to be
added into the Brent complex, further solidifying that as the global index for oil. I went through in the
prior question, all the things that we're doing in the environmental complex to grow that, and we have a
significant lead in our global natural gas and LNG franchise, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks,
that continues to grow year-over-year.

So we feel we're very, very well positioned to help customers along this journey, and we'll continue to
partner very closely with them to do so.

Operator

The next question will come from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.

Patrick Joseph O'Shaughnessy
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

So while your listing revenues are growing your growth rate has lagged out of your primary competitor.
Can you speak to the current competitive dynamics in the listing space?

Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Sure. Well, first of all, the New York Stock Exchange floor was closed for a significant period of time during
COVID. So part of the allure and the marketing of the New York Stock Exchange is the opportunity to
physically be in our building and ring the bell. So we're very, very happy that Stacey and that team there
navigated very difficult conditions on COVID to run the entirety of the business. And we're really pleased
now that the floor is open. I believe we're doing 17 IPOs this week, just to give you a sense of how we're
doing now that the business is back running in its physical form.

Beyond that, we continue to be the leader of large capital raising. The -- There's a cost in looking for
listings you can look at the revenue side that you're pointing out, but there's a cost, there's a marketing
cost. And we're very disciplined about our return on invested capital and how we deploy capital, part of
the theme, I think of some of the things that we've talked to you about on this call. And we don't pursue
listings where we don't see that the ROIC is there for our shareholders.

So some of it is calculated on our part and some of it is really that we've been at a bit of a disadvantage
until the floor and the business itself was able to be back at full occupancy.

Operator

The next question will come from Kyle Voigt with KBW.

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Maybe if I can just touch on the credit trading market. There's always been some thought that maybe
you could really put the pieces together from IDC to the 2 retail trading businesses that you bought to
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

ETF Hub and kind of build something for the institutional trading market within credit. And investors have
obviously been focused on that because of electronification going on in the market, which you've been
historically very good at doing electronifying markets. So I guess the question is really like is it too late
given the success of some of those competitors to think about eventually launching something more
towards institutional trading as being a material revenue driver for you? And I guess, why hasn't it been
a bigger focus to launch in that market? We've seen continued really strong revenue growth from some of
your peers and even from some small players that weren't material 3 or 4 years ago in the market.

Lynn C. Martin
President of Fixed Income & Data Services

Yes, that's a great question. This is Lynn. Thanks for asking the question. We continue, as I mentioned
earlier, and now that we've put the execution business in the same vertical as the data business and
you have the macro forces of the market continuing to electronify data and the transparency that data
provides, particularly on a near real-time basis is going to be a key driver of that electronification.
We've made investments since we acquired the 2 retail businesses that we did in uniting the technology
associated with those businesses. And we're starting to see the fruits of our labor in penetrating the
institutional market is really the portfolio trading activity. That you've seen more meaningfully pick
up starting towards the end of Q4 last year and then throughout this year. That leverages our new
technology, that leverages our data assets, and that's very much institutional driven.

And we're seeing increasing demand for those services as portfolio auctions continue to make up a larger
portion of the trace prints that go through every day. So that's really where we see the opportunity and
the start of the opportunity to bring together the technology that we've built and the data assets that are
continuing to deliver double-digit growth around the electronification of this asset class.

Operator

The next question will come from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.

Michael J. Cyprys
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just wanted to ask on the Mortgage side as you're digitizing mortgage workflows. Maybe you could just
talk a little bit about how much of that is in the cloud and some of the vendors that you're using there
versus what you guys are in-sourcing? And then more longer term, as you're looking out, what's the
potential to migrate the mortgage workflows over to a blockchain. What sort of opportunity is that? What
would that entail? How easy of a lift or not, would that be to do that?

Benjamin R. Jackson
President

Thanks, Michael. This is Ben. So the business has even before we acquired it, has had a strategy for
the loan origination side of the business to move more and more cloud-oriented. And that's one of the
things that Jeff and I have mentioned on prior calls gave us conviction in doing the deals. They had made
some substantial investments that have moved the business to the cloud. If you look at other parts of our
overall Mortgage origination network, everything from the point of sale to the manufacturing process that
I was just talking about, then all the way through to closing and the secondary, most of the aspects of that
are cloud-oriented. We have a mix of some third-party service providers that are providing some of the
infrastructure in there, and we also have major data centers ourselves that are hosting pieces of this.

So our strategy is definitely to move more and more in that direction. We already have moved for
significant parts of the business to that. And it's an area that we're going to continue to invest. Quite
frankly, it's one of the things that is leading to a lot of the success that we've had in sales that I've
mentioned in the second half of last year and in the first half of this year, exceeding our models is that
if you look across our entire mortgage ecosystem, we're providing a service somewhere along our
network and our cloud-based network. We're providing at least a service to almost every single mortgage
participant that's out there.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

So the ability to engage with them, show them the value that we can provide on our network gives us a
great platform to then go ahead and cross-sell other services, which is really fueling a lot of the additional
growth that we've seen.

Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Founder, Chairman & CEO

I'll just mention on the blockchain. One of the dilemmas, if you will, for the mortgage industry is that it's
highly regulated, and there's a tremendous amount of data required to write a mortgage and that data for
regulatory purposes does need to be stored for some period of time and be accessible to third parties to
audit. And so right now, probably the best -- and that -- a lot of that is still analog and paper-based and is
moving digital. And we're driving much of that digital adoption.

But right now, probably the best use of the blockchain would just be to put a hash as to where those
records are located, to make it easier for third parties to know at all times where the records lie. As
opposed to using the blockchain to store those records, which still are in the early stages of moving to the
cloud, as Ben said.

Operator

The next question will come from Simon Clinch with Atlantic Equities.

Simon Alistair Vaughan Clinch
Atlantic Equities LLP, Research Division

I was wondering if you could just dig a little deeper on the recurring -- well, actually, just the mortgage
technology business overall, the recurring revenue stream is performing really nicely. I was wondering if
you could talk about the market share you have on the loan origination side and how that feeds through
to that recurring stream over time. But also how you're progressing along with your pipeline of additional
services that you're going to be laying on top to increase that revenue per loan that should help us sort of
model this business over the next few years when we're looking at on that kind of per loan basis.

Benjamin R. Jackson
President

Thanks for the question, Simon. This is Ben again. So as I mentioned in the first question that was asked,
we have -- since acquiring the business have had a very concentrated effort on how do we focus on that
recurring revenue stream, how do we look at that subscription base and really start to where we can in
certain parts of the business shift revenue more towards subscription, especially as you're in this high-
volume environment that we've been in, it's a great time to do that to shift it towards -- more towards
subscription and for some parts of the business, less towards transaction.

That's more oriented towards the loan origination side and that AIQ business. So in those 2 parts of the
business, those are areas where we have had a concentrated effort of moving customers in that direction.
And to give you an example, that AIQ business on the data and analytics side, it historically was 100%
transaction-oriented. And we have moved it very significantly towards subscription revenue both for every
new customer that comes on the platform as well as renewals that are coming on.

We are seeing -- to the answer of market share, we're seeing record sales continue. As I mentioned
it multiple times that the second half of last year was a record and Q1 and Q2 has exceeded our
expectations. All that is continuing to gain market share for us and for the business as we implement
customers, that feeds into new subscription revenue, that feeds into the part of the beat that we had this
past quarter as well as shifting more of the mix towards subscription.

The other side of it is there are certain parts of the business that are transaction-oriented, and we are
continuing to innovate new solutions and new opportunities to capture new transactional revenue that's
not happened before even for us or for the industry. An example of that, as I mentioned last quarter, we'd
be launching our hybrid eClose, we've gone ahead and launched that. So that's a complete digital closing
room that interconnects the consumer to the lender to the settlement agent so that all documents, all
collaboration, all communication and the entire closing process can be done digitally.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

We just launched this, and we already have 55 customers out of our 2,000 in the implementation process.
As those get implemented, that will be new transaction revenue that will be coming through to us. So
that's another example. And then another example that Jeff had mentioned in his prepared remarks is
the interconnectivity between -- that we see between data on the Mortgage side of the business flowing
through to our Fixed Income and Data Services business, where we're taking transactional data out of the
Mortgage side of our business to help enhance and improve our mortgage-backed securities, prepayment
and valuation models where we are a leader in providing that and further enhancing those models with
real transactional data that hasn't happened before.

Operator

The next question will come from Alex Kramm with UBS.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

A couple of follow-ups here. Just on the Mortgage side, 2 things actually. One, on the cost side, I
appreciate that obviously, you're building a business for the long term and the energy shifting to more
recurring, as you just mentioned. But clearly, you see the transactional side turn a little bit. So just
wondering to what degree there are actually potential offsets that you're thinking about as maybe those
transactional revenues come down. Is that something to do on the expense side? Or is that going to
continue to grow as you invest?

And then for Jeff, since you just -- we talked about this interconnectivity between the different businesses,
on the Mortgage side, Joe, at your Mortgage industry conference a few months ago, made this off the cuff
remarks that you're going to be working together closely and maybe there's room for mortgage trading
down the line with your exchange business. So just wondering to what degree this is just the long-term
dream or if there's actually something behind the scenes that you're already working on and what the
opportunity set could be there?

Warren Gardiner
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Alex. It's Warren. So I'll hit on your expense question quickly first. So there is a degree of
variable expenses within that business. But I think the way you want to be thinking about this is, look,
this isn't about a second half refi environment. This is about a 10-year growth opportunity for us. And
so that where we think we can double revenues over the next 10 years or so. So we're going to invest
through however that cycle plays out, if it does play out, we're going to be investing through it. That was
part of the guidance we gave at the beginning of the year where we said about $45 to -- $40 million to
$45 million of incremental investment. I think you'll see that start to sort of slowly step up as we move
through the year. And that's going as planned. That's all part of the planned investments that we've made,
and we've communicated to you guys.

But I think one point to just to make there on that as well is that one of the benefits here that Ellie Mae
and ICE Mortgage Technology has as being part of the larger ICE platform is just the diversity that ICE
brings to them. And so as Jeff said in his prepared remarks, it's in all weather stock. And so as maybe a
mortgage cycle plays out, you've got other things in other areas of the business doing well. And so it really
gives us the ability to invest through those cycles and maybe where a stand-alone competitor or peer
wouldn't be able to do that.

So I think in that -- and ultimately, that puts us in a better place at the other end of things. So, again, it's
about a 10-year opportunity against a 10-year -- a $10 billion TAM, where we're only about 10% of that
today. So you should expect us to continue to invest in that business as we kind of move through the next
couple of quarters.

Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

And regarding future ideas. So Joe, who you mentioned has joined our management committee, which
also contains all the people that you've heard from on this call, and we run the business collaboratively so
that we can work on this interconnectivity. What you've heard Ben talk about on this call is really hooking
up what we would consider the cash market in a traditional market. It's the origination market of actually
producing a mortgage for a consumer. And for the first time now, we've announced that we're hooking
that to the secondary market through Lynn's business of taking that data to help with mortgage-backed
securities.

Our sense is that the Mortgage market, while it is regulated, is likely to continue to get more government
attention as it becomes more transparent. It's largely for many people in government, a mechanism
for wealth creation in the sense of people building equity in a home. It's also interest rate sensitive as
a number of the questions have alluded to here, and there are maybe opportunities for government to
influence or touch interest rates for certain segments of our society.

And as the data and the transparency of warehouses are being bought and refinanced and where wealth
is being created as that becomes more transparent we really believe that the business is going to continue
to evolve around government policy and that is going to make its way, trickle its way into the secondary
trading market. And we will be uniquely positioned with data and information about the changes that are
going on in the cash market to help influence that secondary market.

And doesn't mean we'll host one of those or use other assets potentially. That's part of why we wanted
to get into this ecosystem. And it's part of our goal to build an all-weather company that will perform in
every environment.

Operator

This will conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over
to Jeff Sprecher for any closing remarks.

Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Well, thank you, Shaun, and thank you all for joining us this morning. We look forward to updating you
again soon as we continue to execute on these really interesting and exciting growth opportunities that we
laid out for you today. So otherwise, I hope you'll have a great day.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

