International Business Machines Corporation 
NYSE:IBM
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, April 20, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

4.69

1.80

2.22

12.80

11.68

Revenue  (mm)

21625.60

17615.67

(0.25 %)

77024.32

73587.87

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-20-2020 9:57 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.24

3.07

2.66

4.69

2.25

3.17

2.68

4.71

0.45 %

3.26 %

0.75 %

0.43 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20,
2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Director

James J. Kavanaugh
Senior VP and CFO of Finance &
Operations

Patricia Murphy
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

A.M. Sacconaghi
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

David Michael Grossman
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Keith Frances Bachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Tien-Tsin Huang
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20,
2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If
you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.

Now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy with IBM. Ma'am, you may begin.

Patricia Murphy
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM, and I want to welcome
you to our first quarter 2020 earnings presentation. I'm here with Arvind Krishna, IBM's Chief Executive
Officer; and Jim Kavanaugh, IBM's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

We'll post today's prepared remarks on the IBM investor website within a couple of hours, and a replay
will be available by this time tomorrow. Some comments made in this presentation may be considered
forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve
factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially. Additional information about these factors is
included in the company's SEC filings.

Our presentation also includes non-GAAP measures to provide additional information to investors. For
example, we present revenue growth at constant currency throughout the presentation. In addition,
to provide a view consistent with our go-forward business, we'll focus on constant currency growth,
adjusting for the divested businesses for the impacted lines of total revenue, cloud and our geographic
performance. We have provided reconciliation charts for these and other non-GAAP measures at the end of
the presentation and in the 8-K submitted to the SEC.

I'd like to make 2 other comments regarding this quarter's presentation. First, consistent with our last
2 quarters, IBM's revenue, profit and earnings per share reflect the impact of purchase accounting and
other transaction-related adjustments associated with the acquisition of Red Hat. These adjustments and
charges are primarily noncash. Second, our segment structure for 2020 remains consistent with 2019.
So at the beginning of this year, we realigned a couple of offerings between segments, resulting in very
modest adjustments. Our results reflect this realignment, and we're providing a view of first quarter 2019
on that recast basis in today's supplemental slides and 2 years of historical recast data on our website.

So with that, I'll turn the call over to Arvind.

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Director

Hello, everyone. As you all know, we are in the midst of an unprecedented global public health crisis. I'd
like to pause for a moment and say that my heart goes out to all those dealing with COVID-19. One of the
first commitments I made was to be transparent and open, not just with our employees and our clients
and partners, but with our investment community as well. In that spirit, I will participate, not just today,
but in earnings calls from now on.

There are a few topics I'd like to cover with you today: first, I'll revisit areas I've talked about; second, I'll
tell you about what we have accomplished in the last 2 weeks; and finally, I'll tell you about areas I intend
to focus on in the near future, and then I'll quickly touch upon our Q1 results. Let's start with the areas
I've talked about.

I have told our teams, it is essential that we deepen our understanding of our clients' journey to hybrid
cloud and AI, which will result in hybrid cloud as the fourth platform. We remain obsessed with continually
delighting clients, and we further established IBM as the gold standard for good tech. All these are
underpinned by our culture that fosters growth and an entrepreneurial mindset. I see these as our
collective priorities.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20,
2020

I'll move on to what's been done in the last few weeks. Despite the challenges we are facing as a result
of the global crisis, we have remained steadfast in our commitment to employees, clients and society at
large. More than 95% of our 350,000 IBM-ers are working remotely now. In addition, about 8,000 of them
remain at essential sites to carry out mission-critical work. As our clients adjust to this new normal, they
need a partner they can trust. IBM is that partner. This isn't just about helping our clients navigate the
crisis but to ensure that they emerge stronger and more resilient. To that end, we have taken concrete
steps to bundle existing offerings to address the shifting needs of clients such as leveraging hybrid cloud,
using AI for automation and enabling remote work.

Another area we've been focusing on has been to mobilize IBM and IBM-ers to help with the global
battle against COVID-19. Here are some examples: The computing power, over 360 petaflops that we
have helped convene for researchers; the weather channels, COVID-19, country-by-country map, which
saw more than 40 million visits in the first week of launch; the AI assistance that can answer citizens'
questions about COVID-19, 21 of them live today and nearly 90 being rolled out; and the educational
resources available to anyone anywhere. We are doing great work helping the city of New York and are
delivering 300,000 tablets with educational software and free cellular data connections that can help
students learn remotely.

When we add this all up, we have done the math. In just a few weeks, we have already committed over
$200 million in terms of contribution and volunteer time. I'm extremely proud of IBM's response to
COVID-19.

Now I want to tell you about some areas of focus for the near future. I want to be clear, the ultimate
outcome that I am absolutely committed to is growth for our company as we emerge from the pandemic.
A key area of focus is to ensure that IBM leads in the 2 major transformational journeys our clients are on:
cloud and AI. IBM has already built 3 enduring platforms: mainframe, services and middleware. The fourth
one is hybrid cloud. Clients, however, need more than a platform. They need our deep industry expertise.
This is why the services that clients rely on to build and manage the hybrid cloud platform is a massive
opportunity for IBM. It's nearly half of the $1.2 trillion hybrid cloud opportunity.

IBM, together with Red Hat, have unique sources of competitive advantage we can leverage to win the
architectural battle for cloud. There's our open-source and security leadership, our deep expertise and
trust, but also the fact that we give clients the unique ability to build mission-critical applications once and
run them anywhere. Together with Red Hat, we are establishing Linux, containers and Kubernetes as the
new standard. This is winning the architectural battle for hybrid cloud.

Let's talk a little bit on how we take this to clients. I want IBM-ers to lead with a more technical approach.
I want our teams to showcase the value of our solutions as early as possible. Likewise, there must be
a relentless focus on quality. Our products must speak for themselves in terms of user experience,
design and ease of use. My approach is straightforward: I am going to focus on growing the value of the
company. This includes better aligning our portfolio around hybrid cloud and AI to meet the evolving needs
of the market. We will continue investing, including acquisitions. As you have seen, we have divested
parts of software and services that did not align with our focus areas. This will continue. The past few
weeks have catapulted us into the world of virtual selling and remote delivery. These entails new ways of
working. This is a reminder we should always be asking ourselves, "Is there a better way to do this?" If
you don't question why you're doing things, you'll never evolve into something better. What's clear is our
confidence in our strategy and our portfolio, which is focused on hybrid cloud and AI.

Before turning to Jim, I want to comment on our results. In the first quarter, we had modest revenue
growth, that's net of currency and divestitures. We entered the quarter in a good position with momentum
from the end of last year. However, in the last few weeks, we have faced a shift in client priorities
towards the preservation of capital. This impacted software disproportionately, and Jim will comment
more on this later. The other parts of our business maintained modest momentum. We're entering this
challenging environment from a relative position of strength. Our clients are enterprises that run the most
essential processes of the world. Our balance sheet is strong, and Jim is going to take you through that.
I believe that what we are going through today, with the shift to remote work, automation, application

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20,
2020

modernization, will accelerate our client shift to hybrid cloud. This gives me immense confidence in our
future. So

I will turn it over to Jim to take you through the quarter, and then we'll come back at the end for Q&A.

James J. Kavanaugh
Senior VP and CFO of Finance & Operations

Thank you, Arvind. I want to start out by expressing my sympathy to all those who have been impacted
by this health crisis, and deep gratitude to the incredible people who have been helping IBM, our clients
and the world to deal with this crisis, especially those on the front line.

Now turning to our first quarter. We delivered $17.6 billion of revenue, with modest growth net of
currency and divestitures. We had good gross margin expansion, operating earnings per share of $1.84
and continued solid free cash flow. Before I get into the specifics of the quarter, in light of the current
environment, I want to take a step back and provide some perspective on a few areas. First, on our client
base, our portfolio and our financial profile, which you'll see provides some stability to our business.
Second, what we saw at the end of the quarter. And then finally, add on to Arvind's comments on what
we're doing with our own business to address the current environment.

IBM has always focused on the enterprise space, and within that, our business is more concentrated in
large enterprises. For decades, we have run our clients' most critical processes like core banking systems,
supply chains and claims processing. From an industry perspective, the majority of our revenue comes
from clients in financial services, telecom and the public sector, including government and health care.
We have long-term relationships with these clients in the form of multiyear services contracts, recurring
software streams and financing arrangements. As a result, when you look at our business mix, about
60% of our annual revenue is in recurring businesses. While we're not immune in this environment to
disruptions in the transactional content and volume reductions, our client profile and annuity base provides
some level of stability, not only in our revenue, but also in profit and cash as we manage through these
challenging times.

Looking at the first quarter, through February, we were tracking roughly in line with our expectations. As
we got into March, the health situation and resulting social distancing became more widespread. As you
would expect, we saw a noticeable change in client priorities. With that, there was effectively a pause as
clients understandably dealt with their most pressing needs. This was most pronounced in our software
business, where the vast majority of transactions typically close in the last 2 weeks of the quarter. For
those clients that did engage at the end of the quarter, there was a noticeable change in priorities, where
focus very quickly shifted to the stability of their operations and preservation of cash. They moved ahead
with spending that addressed immediate and essential needs, including running mission-critical processes
and securing a remote workforce.

For example, we increased infrastructure capacity in services to meet unprecedented demands on critical
banking functions, for banks in countries ranging from Italy and Spain, to the United States, to Australia
and Singapore. In Brazil, we developed a platform in a single week to connect patients to doctors via
telemedicine. And at a major U.S. insurance company, we helped 40,000 employees to work remote when
they had absolutely no work-at-home capabilities just 2 weeks earlier. At the same time, the last few
weeks have only reinforced the need for clients to modernize their businesses for the new world, and cloud
and AI are at the core of their digital reinventions. With our hybrid cloud and AI platforms, together with
our expertise in running critical processes, we're ideally positioned to guide clients on their journeys.

Anthem is a great example of a company accelerating their digital reinvention in today's COVID-19
environment. We're helping them to operate with more agility and provide greater quality of service by
leveraging data and deep insights to enhance the experience of their 41 million members. We're doing this
on a secure, open platform run on Red Hat and the IBM cloud.

Now in parallel, we've taken actions within our own business to help IBM better operate in this
environment and emerge stronger. For example, we're aligning investments to the key offering areas
Arvind mentioned. We took structural actions to improve the competitiveness of our Global Technology

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20,
2020

Services business and enable new ways of working across our operations. Our actions will deliver
annualized gross savings of nearly $2 billion.

We are accelerating our own digital transformation from demand generation to further ramping up our
digital sales capability. And in our supply chain, we are leveraging AI, blockchain and IoT technologies to
drive faster and smarter decisions with our suppliers. We also enhanced health and safety measures at our
sites to maintain our manufacturing operations at required capacity to meet our customers' needs. This
caps off a lot of work over the last few years to make our supply chain more flexible and resilient.

While we're supporting our clients and improving the flexibility and competitive position of our operations,
we're also taking actions to enhance IBM's balance sheet strength and liquidity position. We accessed
the debt market in early February with a $4 billion issuance, while reducing $4.5 billion of current and
2021 refinancing needs. In addition, while we do not rely on commercial paper for our funding needs,
we thought it was prudent to take advantage of our access to the CP market. We ended the quarter with
$2.5 billion of commercial paper, which increased both our debt and cash balances. As a result, we ended
March with a cash balance of $12 billion, which is up $3 billion from year-end. Our total debt of $64 billion
includes $22 billion of global financing debt, which is in support of IBM product and services and has a
stable credit portfolio.

Finally, as we discussed in January, our pension plans were well funded at the end of 2019, with worldwide
qualified plans funded at 102%. While we typically don't provide a status during the year, I can say that
our overall pension-funded status in March was fairly consistent with year-end, and we do not see a
change to our expected plan contributions in 2020. Bottom line, we have a strong cash position and ample
credit available during these uncertain times to support and invest in the business.

We'll continue to be opportunistic in the capital markets, while remaining fully committed to our mid
to high A credit rating and our targeted leverage ratio. I'll remind you, we also have over $15 billion of
unused credit facilities. And while we have no plans to draw on the facilities, they're available as back-
up liquidity, and our debt covenants are well within the required levels. And with our share repurchase
program suspended since the Red Hat acquisition, our overall shareholder payout remains at a comfortable
level, and we remain fully committed to our dividend.

So with that as a backdrop, let me focus on a few highlights in the quarter before getting into the
segments. We had strong cloud performance again this quarter with cloud revenue up 23%. By bringing
together our technology and expertise to help our clients accelerate their journeys to cloud, our cloud
revenue has grown to $22 billion over the last 12 months. Arvind talked about winning the cloud
architecture of Linux Containers and Kubernetes, and the acquisition and integration of Red Hat bolsters
our position in hybrid cloud.

Red Hat momentum continued this quarter with normalized revenue growth of 20% and strong bookings
and backlog growth. RHEL has proved to be mission-critical for many customers, particularly in this
environment, and infrastructure revenue was again up double digits. Application development and
emerging technologies was up nearly 40% this quarter, driven by OpenShift and Ansible. The number
of Red Hat large deals was up from the fourth quarter and up about 50% over last year. Red Hat signed
the 2 largest deals in its history, leveraging IBM's deep client relationships. This is a great proof point
of the value of IBM and Red Hat together. We see it in the larger Red Hat deals, in the pipeline of IBM
Services engagements based on Red Hat's technologies and in the number of clients now using Red Hat
and IBM's container solutions. This has grown to over 2,200 as Red Hat and IBM have emerged as the
leading container platform. The contribution of Red Hat, together with strong margin performance in our
services businesses contributed to our 150 basis points of operating gross margin expansion.

Our pretax income reflects charges of nearly $900 million primarily for the structural actions to improve
our competitiveness in GTS and accelerate our shift to a cognitive enterprise. The charges for these
actions were more than offset by noncash discrete tax benefits. You'll recall, I mentioned both the
structural actions and the discrete tax benefits back on our call in January, and so these had been planned
for some time. Our cash and balance sheet strength are fueled by healthy free cash flow. This quarter,
we generated $2.1 billion of cash from operations, and $1.4 billion of free cash flow, both excluding

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20,
2020

our financing receivables. There is a lot of seasonality in our free cash flow, and over the last year, we
generated $11.6 billion, which is about 125% of GAAP net income.

And a final comment on Red Hat's contribution to our free cash flow. When we closed Red Hat back in July,
we expected Red Hat, net of interest expense, to be accretive to free cash flow by the end of the first year.
With Red Hat's strong performance, after 3 quarters, we've now achieved that milestone.

Now let me turn to the segment results, starting with cloud and cognitive software, which grew 7% this
quarter. We had strong performance in Red Hat, IoT and data and AI and in our security services. Just as I
did for overall IBM, I'll start with a view of software dynamics as we move through the quarter.

We entered the year with a robust offering portfolio and solid pipeline, and we had double-digit revenue
growth through February. In March, our software transaction stalled nearly overnight as our clients
shifted their focus to resiliency efforts. We saw those dynamics play out most notably in Cognitive
Applications where many transformational deals were paused, especially in the retail industry. And in
transaction processing platforms, given cash concerns, clients traded off CapEx for OpEx. These are
typically large engagements, and in this environment, clients elected to defer purchases, impacting
perpetual license sales late in the quarter. More than offsetting that, we continue to have good growth in
cloud and data platforms, led by Red Hat and the synergies we're realizing by bringing together Red Hat
and IBM's software. Given the shifting software demands we've seen in some parts of the business, we
are focused on a number of initiatives heading into the second quarter. We're doubling down on areas that
facilitate the shift to cloud, including Red Hat and other cloud and data platform offerings, Cloud Paks for
operational efficiency and QRadar on cloud for security threats. Our go-to-market teams are accelerating
their shifts to digital channels, and we're now leveraging our partner ecosystem to expand our reach into
critical industries and markets.

To sum it up, our portfolio in cloud and cognitive software is aligned to the hybrid cloud and AI
opportunity. We modernized our software to be cloud-native and optimized on OpenShift, which provides a
compelling hybrid cloud platform for clients on their digital journeys to cloud. While we expect near-term
pressure on transactions, we continue to invest in new development and innovation for our hybrid cloud
and AI strategy.

Turning to Global Business Services, we entered the year with a good momentum in revenue, gross profit
and signings, and our backlog returned to growth. This growing backlog and the revenue we expected to
yield from it gave us confidence that GBS revenue performance would accelerate as the year progressed.
We had solid performance in GBS in the first quarter, with revenue growth of 1% and gross profit margin
expansion of 100 basis points. Our consulting revenue grew 5%, led by offerings that helped clients
with their digital reinventions such as cloud advisory and application modernization and offerings that
leverage AI to inject intelligence into business processes. These offerings enabled clients to reengineer
their business processes and IT environments for speed, flexibility and efficiency to better serve their end
users.

We have standardized our cloud application modernization offerings on OpenShift, and built the world's
largest Red Hat consulting practice. We are now working with over 100 clients on Red Hat technologies,
such as Anthem, Procter & Gamble, USAA, Santander and Horizon Healthcare, just to name a few. In
the first quarter, we also had good growth in many of the transformational offerings like next-generation
enterprise applications. But as the impact of COVID-19 intensified in March, clients began to deprioritize
some of these projects. In this environment, we are aligning our go-to-market and delivery resources
to the near-term opportunity, addressing challenges like engaging customers virtually, modernizing and
migrating applications to the cloud, empowering a remote workforce and cybersecurity and IT resiliency.

Internally, we have shifted from a predominantly face-to-face engagement model to a virtual one. Now
with almost 100% of our GBS delivery resources not only working remotely but productively working
to support our clients. Over the last few weeks, we've gotten questions from investors on our ability to
support clients given the shutdown in some countries. I can tell you that in India, we had over 98% of
our practitioners working remotely within 48 hours of lockdown. As we look forward, we have a solid base
of business and a growing backlog, though in the near term, we expect customers to continue to delay
and replan some projects. We're going to continue to prudently manage the business by leveraging our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20,
2020

variable and global delivery resource model, to ensure utilization is balanced with the rate and pace of
backlog consumption and new deals. And we're going to continue to build skills and practices so that as
the demand returns to more normal levels, we're ready to address it.

Turning to Global Technology Services, our revenue decline of 4% was fairly consistent with last quarter's
performance. And we expanded gross profit margin by 30 basis points. As I've said in the past, we are
managing this business for margin and cash contribution. Last quarter, I talked about the actions to
accelerate the shift to higher-value segments of the market and improve our cost competitiveness, so let
me start with a quick update on our progress. A significant portion of the first quarter structural actions
address GTS. This improves our position for the future but impacted our PTI in the first quarter. In this
dynamic environment, we're going to continue to evaluate the cost competitiveness of this portfolio and
we'll take further actions as required.

We also advanced our joint offerings and go-to-market capabilities with GBS. As clients shift their mission-
critical workloads to the cloud, they are looking for integration across the application and infrastructure
stack. By more tightly integrating GBS and GTS, we're providing a differentiated solution. While we are in
the initial stages of this work, we see some early indications of progress in our signings this quarter. Both
total signings and our cloud signings grew at a double-digit rate. This includes significant engagement
at CaixaBank and Anthem. Strong signings contributed to an improved total services backlog, which is
now roughly flat year-to-year. Within that, cloud now represents over 40% of our outsourcing backlog.
This fuels our GTS cloud revenue, which was up 12% this quarter. In the current environment, enterprises
are focused on infrastructure solutions, which enhance IT resiliency and business continuity, address new
cybersecurity risk and reconfigure their IT environments for cost efficiency and business agility. We are
prioritizing our resources and our management system to these opportunities, focusing on offerings like
unified communications, business continuity and resiliency, workplace virtualization and enabling remote
working.

At the same time, we're adopting alternative delivery models as we continue to support mission-critical
workloads without service interruption. In fact, almost 100% of our employees in our GTS global delivery
centers are now working remotely. While in this environment, we expect to have some impact due to lower
business volumes. This will ultimately lead to an acceleration in the shift of mission-critical workloads to
the cloud. And as I've said, this will be a hybrid multi-cloud environment built on open standards. IBM
Services will leverage our incumbency, our industry, regulatory and business process expertise and, of
course, Red Hat, to capture this opportunity.

And so now looking at Systems, revenue was up 4% this quarter, and gross margin expanded over 400
basis points. In an environment where client behavior shifted at the end of the quarter, our hardware
portfolio held up well. This reflects the importance of IBM Z and high-end storage for mission-critical
operations as well as product cycle dynamics. These are high-end systems, and client value in this
segment is driven by new innovation. We see that in the z15 mainframe. And we see it in storage, with
the high-end DS8900 introduced at the end of 2019. And more recently, a new and simplified distributed
storage portfolio, which supports hybrid multi-cloud deployments. In the second full quarter of availability,
the z15 proved to be a crucial backbone of enterprise operations, providing a stable, secure and scalable
platform.

Our financial services clients were able to scale up their capacity to meet the significant demands from
unprecedented spikes in market volatility without touching their physical infrastructure. And in high-end
storage, which is tightly integrated with the mainframe, we had a good quarter, especially in support of
mission-critical banking workloads. The growth in Z and storage was partially offset by a decline in power.
This reflects where we are in our product cycle as well as the fact that power is more skewed to smaller
enterprises, which were more impacted by the dynamics in March.

We're continuing to adapt our operations to meet the needs of clients most effectively, especially in this
changing environment. We're expanding the digital sales channel for both the storage and power business,
and we're leveraging technology to proactively manage our globally diversified supply chain.

Now after going through the segments, I want to bring it back up to the IBM level and talk about what this
means going forward. First and foremost, we have confidence in our strategy and our portfolio, which is

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20,
2020

focused on hybrid cloud and AI. Nothing we've seen over the last 2 months causes us to waver from these
priorities. In fact, as Arvind said upfront, we believe the challenges clients are facing today will speed
their transitions to digital. That bodes well for us. But there is obviously some dislocation in the near term.
In this environment, we've taken quick and prudent actions to manage our cost and expense, further
improve our liquidity position and focus on opportunities to emerge stronger.

Since the crisis began, we've been stress testing our model and running a number of scenarios based on
various assumptions. Given the level of uncertainty around the duration of the health crisis and the rate
and pace of economic recovery, there's a wide range of outcomes for the year, which we are prepared for.
But to assign probabilities to the assumptions during these unprecedented times just isn't valuable. As
a result, it is prudent to withdraw our expectations for full year 2020, and we will reassess at the end of
the second quarter. So to be clear, under the various scenarios we ran, we have ample free cash flow and
liquidity to support our business and secure our dividend.

Before turning back to Arvind, I want to provide some perspective on how we're entering the second
quarter. Over the last few years, our software transactional content in the second quarter is about 20% to
25% of our software revenue. We have a solid pipeline of deals, but in the end, our software performance
will depend on how we yield against that pipeline. If we continue to see the same client buying behavior,
it's reasonable to expect the second quarter will be more challenging. Systems hardware is essentially all
transactional. Here, too, we have a good pipeline in IBM Z and storage. While the current environment is
expected to impact closure rates, I would expect less of an impact to Z and storage, given the essential
nature of the purchases and the additional capacity requirements, especially in certain industries.

In services, we made real progress in the backlog. And for the first time in a while, we ended the quarter
with services backlog essentially flat versus last year. That's with GBS up and GTS down modestly. About
80% of the GBS revenue and 90% of the GTS revenue in a quarter has historically come from the opening
backlog, though our contracts adjust for flexible volumes in our clients' businesses. As mentioned earlier,
close to 100% of our people in our service delivery centers are working remotely.

Looking at our cost and expense, we're closely managing our spending and capitalizing on new and
efficient ways of operating. The savings from structural actions will start to yield in the second half. We
are likely to take additional actions in the second quarter. I'll remind you that we are well positioned from
a liquidity perspective and remain focused on driving our free cash flow, including robust working capital
management.

For years, we have been talking about our high-value portfolio and business model. And in times like
these, that really matters. This is why our liquidity position is naturally strong, and our pension plan is
well funded coming into this environment. So we're prepared for this environment, have a strong financial
position and compelling value propositions for clients. But our near-term performance will ultimately be
influenced by client-buying patterns in this economic environment.

Arvind, I'll turn it back over to you.

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Director

Thank you, Jim. We have taken the importance of transparency seriously, and so it was a tough decision to
withdraw guidance. But these are unprecedented times, and this quarter is not the time to declare that we
have clarity. That does not benefit us, and it does not benefit you as investors and analysts. With better
clarity on the economic recovery, we will provide an update at the end of the second quarter. But please
note, there's a difference between the ability to accurately predict near-term revenue or earnings per
share number and confidence in our business over the longer term. And I have confidence in our business.

On the different scenarios, we have ample free cash flow and liquidity to support the business and secure
our dividend. We are entering this environment from a position of strength. So over to Patricia for the
Q&A.

Patricia Murphy
Vice President of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20,
2020

Thank you, Arvind. Before we begin the Q&A, I'd like to mention a couple of items. First, you'll notice we
updated our chart format to streamline the information presented during the webcast. The content no
longer presented in the mainline charts is now included in our supplemental information, which is at the
end of the slide deck. [Operator Instructions]
So operator, let's please open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20,
2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question will cover Amit Daryanani with Evercore.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Arvind, congrats on the spot and nice having you in the Q&A session. You guys -- Arvind, you spent a fair
amount of time kind of talking about the areas where you want to focus on as you go forward, and maybe
to put aside the COVID discussion, how do you think about the investments the company needs to do?
And how do you go about that organic versus inorganic? Just would love to understand, when you think of
investments, which way you're going to skew as you go forward. And maybe on the flip side of the coin,
are there things that you want to focus less on? Are there things and opportunities to divest to further
potentially help your balance sheet?

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Director

Okay. Thanks, Amit. Let me start with talking about the portfolio and your questions on investment. So
look, obviously, the portfolio is something I evaluate deeply. We do it all the time and continuously. But I
do want to caution that in the immediate period, which is right now, we've got to focus and put our priority
on supporting our employees and clients.

Now investment to us encompasses both. It encompasses both organic investments and inorganic or
acquisitions. We've been clear that we will acquire when we find properties that are both attractive or
that fit our strategy. And hybrid cloud and AI are the focus of our business moving forward. But when we
talk about hybrid cloud, it is an all-in. And I'll just give a quick reflection on Red Hat. We had Linux at the
core. We had OpenShift surrounding it. We put all of our middleware on OpenShift. We have hundreds of
GBS projects already leveraging both the Cloud Paks and OpenShift to make application modernization.
And then eventually, we'll find services also running those modernized applications for our clients. You'll
find there are many, many properties in that -- in my broader definition of hybrid cloud that will fit that,
and ditto on AI, where AI should be looked upon as the way to get the value out of the data that people
collect, both their internal data and external data.

Now I don't want to over comment on big or small. Size is not a strategy. It's about being thoughtful and
strategic. And so you should expect that over time, over time meaning just as we get passed the next few
months, we will get back to an acquisitive strategy. Jim?

James J. Kavanaugh
Senior VP and CFO of Finance & Operations

Yes. The only thing I would add, Arvind, is our capital allocation strategy, obviously, is there to support
the business design and the business and portfolio strategy that we have chosen. To your point around
hybrid cloud, data, AI, we've got enough firepower with regards to a strong balance sheet, solid free cash
flow generation, solid investment grade, a good access to market, which we talked about in the prepared
remarks, that gives us ample free cash flow and flexibility to invest in our business while also returning
value to our shareholder and securing that dividend that we talked about upfront. And that acquisition
component is a very big, important part of our capital allocation strategy, and that hasn't changed.

Operator

Our next question will come from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20,
2020

Arvind, congrats on the new role as well. You mentioned some changes in go-to-market in your prepared
remarks, leading perhaps with a more technical bend. I wonder if you can elaborate there a bit. And Jim,
I appreciate you're not providing explicit guidance at this point, but maybe can you address the levers the
company has in responding to the pandemic. In the context of preserving cash flows, you alluded to a few
things in your prepared comments as well. But last call, you had mentioned several puts and takes to the
cash flows, those tailwinds and headwinds. And just wondering if you could maybe recast those again.

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Director

Wamsi, good to hear from you. With respect to a more technical approach to selling, it's a journey we
have been on -- well, actually, the current crisis, in effect, catapulted us or accelerated what we are
doing. And I'll touch on sort of 3 elements. We have always wanted to have our product teams do a lot of
demonstrations and proof of concepts that we are now going to do them virtually. Where we stand, the
property is up on our public cloud and then allow the clients to sort of play around with them. And so you
take away the weeks of doing it in a more traditional manner.

Second, in our services teams, they're doing a lot of what they call virtual garages. So a garage used
to be that we would have our consultants and our implementers sit side-by-side with a client and go do
those. But when you do have social distancing, and it's not just us, our clients don't really want us on-
premise either, we have now become -- begun virtual garages, but there's an advantage there, by the
way. A bigger advantage is it allows you to actually get access to skills that are around the globe, not just
those that may be physically coresident at a client. And that is, again, a much more technical approach.

And then third, with a lot of remote delivery happening in the GTS part of the business, they're also
bringing a much more technical solution to bear through this. So those are the elements that I mentioned.
But you can expect us to do more and more of this as we go along. And Jim, I'll give it to you for the
second part.

James J. Kavanaugh
Senior VP and CFO of Finance & Operations

Yes. Hello, Wamsi, thanks for the question. I mean because this is important. As you can imagine, given
the unfortunate and unprecedented situation, everyone around the world is dealing with right here with
COVID-19. We have been spending a lot of time on our business profile, our business model, stress testing
it, running multiple scenarios, as I said in the prepared remarks. But when you look at it, it's always been
done around, one, the long-term sustainability of the IBM company to deliver value for our clients and
for our investors. And that means you've got to have a strong balance sheet. You've got to have ample
liquidity to give you flexibility to continue to invest so that we emerge stronger as we get through this
pandemic when we move forward.

And that really, simplistically, if you take a step back, is 2 levers. One is on the top line and revenue, and
the other is on the fundamentals of your operating leverage in the business. Both of those deliver that free
cash flow and net cash. And in that latter part, I would put in there optimization of your balance sheet.
And we've looked at our revenue portfolio. As we talked about in our prepared remarks, we believe we are
differentiated. Although we're not immune from what's happening in the marketplace, we do have some
level of stability in our revenue, our profit, our cash, and that's driven by all of the work that we've done
over time to transform this company, transform and optimize our portfolio. We went from -- in 2008 at the
last recession, we were only about 45%, 47% annuity. We are now north of 60%.

We have always been focused on large enterprise versus consumer SMB, and that is playing out well. Our
industry concentration, as I said on the prepared remarks, over 70% of our revenue sits in industries,
based on IDC and Gartner, that are going to be either moderately or minimally impacted by COVID-19.
So we are diversified along geographic dimensions, market dimensions, industry dimensions, client
dimensions that gives us that strong annuity content to move forward.

And then on the margin and balance sheet, we're going to optimize, as we've always done, the portfolio
shift in the higher value, the structural actions we just got done here in the first quarter, $900 million that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20,
2020

impacted our PTI in the first quarter. That, by the way, will give us an annualized return of over 2x, and
we'll keep watching our credit portfolio on the quality, our deferred revenue and also our DPO and DSO,
which is in very good shapes. So net of that is, we feel confident around ample financial flexibility, ample
liquidity to continue to invest in our business as we move forward and secure that dividend.

Operator

Our next question will come from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.

A.M. Sacconaghi
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Arvind, welcome, and great to have you on the call. I was wondering if you could maybe define or
articulate on a scale of 1 to 10, how different do you think IBM's portfolio of businesses will be 2 years
from now. I recognize change is not going to happen imminently. But 1 to 10, with 10 being extremely
different, where would you place that?

And then, Jim, if you could just very quickly, you talked a lot about the stability of IBM's portfolio, but it
looks like, year-over-year, pretax income went from over $2.2 billion to under $1.6 billion if I back out the
restructuring and charge. So even though revenues weren't impacted, PTI, adjusted for the restructuring,
was down nearly 30%, and this is your lowest transactional quarter. Is that how we should be thinking
about changes to profit going forward? Or was there something unique about this quarter where we saw
more negative leverage?

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Director

Thanks, Toni. Look, Toni, if you look at our industry, it's a fast-moving industry with a lot of change that
goes on all the time. If I look at where we were 5 years ago, and if I fast forward to today, Red Hat was
not there, Cloud Paks were not there, our cloud backlog inside services was a tiny fraction of what it is
today. And I would look at all of that and say, it looks like, in aggregate, likely about half our business has
changed in the last 5 to 7 years. That's, I think, the hallmark of a successful company, where you begin to
change it. It takes advantage of the relationship, the value, the incumbency we have with our clients, but
it also takes advantage of the fast-moving nature of technology.

Now the question you didn't ask, but I'll sort of put in there, is the question of the focus. I think the focus
is going to be much more around -- what we've been talking about is going to be around, in the near
term, is going to be around hybrid cloud and AI, with likely quantum coming down the road, which I do
believe has $0.5 trillion worth of value to give back to our clients since you gave me the 5-year horizon,
not just a 1- or 2-year horizon. So let me sort of begin with that and say -- that -- and it's hard to put that
on a scale of 1 to 10 because you didn't tell me how much of a change is in 10, but I gave you the sense
that probably half the things change. Jim?

James J. Kavanaugh
Senior VP and CFO of Finance & Operations

Yes. And Toni, thank you very much for the question because operating leverage is obviously one of the
core fundamental pillars of our high-value based thesis and high-value based business model overall.
But let me just cut to the chase with regards to your question overall. You asked about it from a pretax
income, I'll take it down to an EPS level, which was similar to net income. We were down 18% overall.
That EPS was down $0.41 year-to-year. Yes, it includes the $900 million worth of restructuring. And the
structural charges also includes, as we guided back in January, a discrete tax event. But the thing that
you're missing in that equation is all of the Red Hat integration and noncash-related purchase accounting
implications that are in our EPS and in our profit number.

Now as we close that transaction, by the way, less than 3 quarters ago, and we feel very confident about
the health and the profile of our Red Hat business overall, we took a substantial write-down with regards
to that deferred revenue, $2.2 billion overall. And we talked about Red Hat being free cash flow accretive

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20,
2020

year 1 and being operating EPS accretive at the end of year 2. We already hit the milestone on the first
metric, and we're well on our way delivering the progress on the second metric.

And just to bring this all home, the EPS of $1.84, down $0.41 year-over-year, about $0.35 to $0.38 of
that $0.41 is the Red Hat noncash deferred revenue and integration. Why do I bring that up? Because as
we said, that will diminish over time. And as we continue to replenish the backlog, which we are and we'll
talk about, and we wrap around those expenses, that's where you're going to get even more substantial
operating leverage going forward in the future.

Operator

Our next question will come from Matt Cabral with Crédit Suisse.

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Welcome to the call, Arvind. I appreciate the commentary in the prepared remarks about what you guys
saw during the month of March. I wonder if you can extend that a little bit and just talk about what you've
seen so far across the first few weeks of April across the segments. And just the extent to which, if any,
you've had customers asking for price concessions, new terms even on the more recurring pieces of your
business?

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Director

Okay. Thanks, Matt. Let me start with that because, look, from -- April tends to be a month where, as
Jim pointed out, it's not just in the first quarter. In every quarter, larger transactions do tend to get
bunched up near the end of the quarter. I'd say that probably is more June than April. And you also asked
a question on the annuity side of the business or what I would call subscription. We haven't seen, at least
so far, any big change in the subscription side coming into April. Now there is no doubt because as both
of us have pointed out, we do tend to run our clients' mission-critical workload. It's not the workload that
will be the first to turn off. If anything, it will be amongst the last to get impacted. And so the subscription
side, we feel quite good about.

Now on the transaction side, so far, things are holding up, but it's too early to tell. That's one of the
reasons you heard both Jim and I talk about withdrawing guidance because a little bit of progress is not
enough to give us a full view into what will happen this quarter. Jim?

James J. Kavanaugh
Senior VP and CFO of Finance & Operations

Yes. Matt, thank you very much for the question. So Arvind kind of gave a perspective of what we're
seeing here for the first couple of weeks. And as he stated, just given the one transactional versus annuity
nature, second quarter, like fourth quarter, is our highest transactional quarter, particularly in our software
base of business overall. But let me give you a little perspective around the month of March versus
February quarter-to-date because I think it's important for investors to understand the value of our high-
value based business model and integrated business model because the unfortunate COVID-19 situation
that's impacting economies around the world has a very different profile across our business, whether
it's hardware, software and services. And as we've seen coming through February, the IBM company was
growing revenue through February, led by strong double-digit growth in software overall.

In the month of March, as I said in the prepared remarks, as the health crisis intensified, that's where
we saw the fundamental shift in client buying behavior, appropriately so, by the way, as we've done in
IBM where, first and foremost, you wanted to focus on the operational stability and business continuity
of your enterprise and second around the preservation of cash. But when you look at it, it was more
pronounced in our software and our GBS business. We actually substantially grew in the month of March in
our hardware portfolio, but I would align that more around bring in new innovation to market. We're in the
cycle of mainframe, and we did very well with the attach of storage overall.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20,
2020

And our GTS business, remember, is a strong annuity base and it's running mission-critical work. Our
outsourcing IS business actually got better by 1 point quarter-to-quarter. So that's pretty stable. But
within GBS and software, interesting around software, our cloud and data platform, 34% growth. Yes,
driven by Red Hat. But even on a normalized organic basis, we grew over 3%. And that's really the
instantiation of our hybrid cloud thesis with Red Hat overall. So that part of the portfolio is still executing
well. And I think that's part of what Arvind said, clients are now even faster, more accelerating their
journeys to cloud, and it plays right to that.

Now where we got hit was in Cognitive Applications and in Transaction Processing Platform. Two different
phenomenons across our portfolio. Our Cog Apps is much more centered around industry-related
content, were industries that are getting more impacted disproportionately like retail, like industrial, like
automotive. And in TPP, that was a function of just a preservation of cash shifting away from CapEx and
OpEx.

And just concluding, GBS, although we're very pleased, remember, 90 days ago, we talked about
accelerating momentum in GBS, we turned that business back to backlog growth. We actually delivered
growth in the quarter. Strong growth in consulting, strong signings in consulting, but we did see a
pullback in the latter part of March, particularly in many European countries, around project-based,
transformational-based activity in next-generation applications like S/4HANA, Oracle, Workday, and other
people are delaying, and we expect that to continue here in the second quarter.

Operator

Our next question will come from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Arvind, I'll add my welcome. It's great to have you on the call. I wonder if you could start out by just
commenting on what the 1 or 2 metrics are that you would like us to measure you and your team on over
the next couple of years.

And then I wanted to follow-up and ask, either you or Jim can comment, you talked about scenario --
a range of scenarios for this year. Obviously, the most bearish would be social distancing through the
remainder of the calendar year, and the most optimistic would be a reopening of economies over this
month. What does that translate to in terms of sort of the bearish scenario on EPS and free cash flow and
a more optimistic scenario. Just any color as to how wide that range may look like.

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Director

Thanks, Katy. Look, let me start. You said what KPIs or what metrics should you use. Look, I think I've
been clear, we should look at growth as the metric, albeit once we begin to emerge from the pandemic.
And it's impossible for me to predict how long this is going to be. You mentioned 2 scenarios, but I
listened to all of you and your peers, and I don't have any particular crystal ball on this. The estimates are
all over the place in both the depth and the length of the impact.

Now the other one that I think you should hold us to in metric other than revenue or a pure financial
metric, is the number of clients on which we are engaged on hybrid cloud engagements. We talk about it
from a product perspective, we talk about 2,200 clients to date. But as you begin to wrap those also with
services engagements, I think that's the second metric that is effectively a leading indicator towards the
overall revenue metric because that's the preconditioner for that. And that's where we're driving the entire
company to. That's what I'm focused on. I run a war room on that every week, and that's what our sales
forces are incented to go get done.

So Jim, I don't know whether you want to add something. Because you only answered the question, I
think.

James J. Kavanaugh
Senior VP and CFO of Finance & Operations
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20,
2020

Those are the 2 that are aligned to our business model. But to your second question, Katy, I'm not going
to talk to specificity around there. As I said in the prepared remarks, we have done a tremendous amount
of work on stress testing, running these scenarios. There's a wide range of outcomes. The key here for
investors, I think, are 2 questions. One, in any of those scenarios, do you still have the strength of your
cash, your liquidity position to ensure that you can, one, invest in your business to make sure as you
come out of this, you can emerge stronger. And two, can you maintain your capital allocation and your
commitment to our investors with regards to the dividend. And both of those, emphatically, yes.

The second question is around each of these scenarios, how are we actually managing our businesses
across the board. And I would tell you, if you break this into a product-based business, in a services-based
business starting with services, it is the safety around having an annuitized base model. GBS entering a
quarter is about 80%, GTS is about 95%-plus. That does come down as quarters n plus 1, n plus 2, n plus
3 go out, but it provides us a very solid base to work with as far as stability that drives that profit, that
cash and that flexibility.

But what are we looking at and how we manage our services business right now is where Arvind and I are
looking at daily is, one, what's happening to the rate and consumption of our backlog. What are clients
doing around projects, around offerings? What's happening to our utilization? Our chargeable billable
rates? Our price realization? Each of those are fundamental KPIs that we're looking at in this environment
right now to the health of the indicator around a services-based business.

Around a product-based business, much more transactional. As Arvind said, software is about 20%
to 25% transactional here in the second quarter. Has a strong annuity base. By the way, Red Hat's
subscription-based model, strong annuity base. But the dynamics of how we're managing that are
looking at our pipeline, our volume, our deal sizes, our yields, our progression, our renewal rates, our
demand capacity for our hardware products and where they're at within their cycle. So we are driving the
operational discipline you would expect in this company as we move forward. But at the end, we have
enough of that financial flexibility, and cash and liquidity, which I think is the most important message for
the investor.

Operator

And our next question will come from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Good to have you on the call, Arvind. I wanted to ask just a quick one, acquisitions for you, Arvind. Just
looking beyond the pandemic I know that's hard to do, but criteria, size, thinking on accretion, dilution
you're willing to accept there as you want to move quicker to hybrid cloud and AI. Can you share your
thoughts on that?

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Director

Hello, Tien-Tsin, good to hear from you. So you asked about criteria, size, accretion and this thing. Look, I
think, on all 3, one that is easiest, size. Size is not a criteria. So I'm just going to put that to the side. As
Jim has said a couple of times, we have enough inflex to do a fair number of things. And most things that
we might eye, I think, are possible for us to be able to get done. So I'll put size aside and say that's not
really an issue.

You asked about accretion and decretion. Jim and I are clear, we manage the business for the long term.
So if it becomes accretive after a year or 2, as we described about Red Hat, that's more than sufficient
for us. It doesn't have to be accretive on month 1 or day 1. As long as it's a healthy business, provides us
the current growth profile and provides us the ability to get sufficient synergy, both for IBM and for the
property itself. Both have to be winners. It cannot just be one of us. Otherwise, it's not that attractive.

And then you said about criteria. The criteria is those things that make our clients value us even higher.
And the areas we have chosen to be their trusted partner on is hybrid cloud and AI. So that's sort of the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20,
2020

criteria, but please take a wide stance on hybrid cloud. Hybrid cloud encompasses how we connect private
and public, it connects -- it includes how we might secure them. It might include the data that is inside
those properties provides more visibility. And as we shift that out over time, that will widen even more
because the definition of what is the cloud market also tends to change over time. So hopefully, that
answered your question. But it's something we give a lot of thought to.

Operator

Our next question comes from David Grossman with Stifel.

David Michael Grossman
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Arvind, congratulations. Nice to have you on the call. This is, I guess, for both of you. Are there any
components of the business that are in transition, whether that's GTS or certain legacy software segments
where the current pandemic creates an opportunity to accelerate that transformation. And perhaps you
can tie that into the comments, I think in your prepared remarks, that telegraph that there may be some
additional rebalancing actions in the June quarter.

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Director

I think, David, we're always looking at this and always looking at portfolio optimization. I would not
say because of the pandemic or COVID-19 that we look at this. As you saw last year, we divested in
the software portfolio quite a few things that weren't core to hybrid cloud. They were around marketing
properties and as-a-service properties around many of our retail clients. It didn't really necessarily fit or
pull along or have synergy with the core hybrid cloud portfolio, so it made sense to divest them. I think we
are done with that round, just to be upfront.

Now as we always look and say, does this or does this not bring value? Is it a reason for a client to have
both, the core hybrid cloud portfolio and something, we go to reevaluate that all the time. But I don't have
something to name for you that we are trying to do right now. As the quarters go along, as the months go
along, we will do it. But I also want to be clear that for the next few months, we have to be focused on the
stability of the business, and we have to be focused on making sure that we preserve our liquidity and our
balance sheet. So that's what we're kind of focused on for the very near term.

Operator

Our last question will come from Keith Bachman with BMO.

Keith Frances Bachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Arvind, congratulations on your promotion as well as Jim Whitehurst, congratulation on your promotion as
well. I wanted to ask a little higher-level question. As I think about IBM, there's many constituents, but
probably 3 broad ones, shareholders, employees and then customers. And as you think about the stock
performance over the last, I don't know, 5 to 7 years, I think, shareholders would conclude that they've
been disappointed with IBM's performance. And even from a customer's perspective, if you look at IBM's
revenues relative to growth of the many markets you participate in, probably some disappointment there.
So as you think about your new leadership and perhaps focusing on the investor side, what do you think
you really need to do differently for IBM and its shareholders versus what's happened over the last 5 to 7
years?

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Director

Maybe I'll start, Keith, and begin to do it. Look, I think that -- I think we had acknowledged that the
markets value growth above other things. So while we have always selected on high value. And to
your point on clients, we measure our Net Promoter Score, or NPS, which I think is widely regarded as
being one of the best metrics of how clients value what they're getting from you. And that has actually

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20,
2020

improved substantially. I think over 10 points, if I remember, over the last 2 years. So given that the NPS
is improving, our clients are much more delighted with what they get from us.

Now that said, the overall portfolio has to be able to grow to return -- to make investors happier. And
that's why we are clear. You noticed me announce a lot of our management team at the beginning. I
think this is a team that's going to be able to deliver growth back to the market. As Jim Kavanaugh, of
course, and you heard him talk about capital allocation and how he's going to use that to inflect to enable
both organic and inorganic investment. Jim Whitehurst, who many of you know well, who has dealt really
well, both with crises when he was at Delta and growth when he was at Red Hat. Bridget van Kralingen,
who has a strong record of understanding client needs, and are going to drive some of the go-to-market
changes we mentioned. Howard Boville that we're bringing in, who was at Bank of America, who has a
deep empathy and understanding for some of our largest clients, but also who drove a lot of efficiency
when he was at the bank, and he can bring those attributes to the clients as well. And Mark Foster, who
has services and who has a real penchant for growth and for making sure that he brings value to our
clients and services. We put all that together, and I think it is a team that can go deliver growth.

But let's also be clear. We can talk about which is important. Is it growth? Or is it only EPS? Or is it only
liquidity? Look, liquidity is essential. Without that, no company is going to survive through the next period.
And I don't know how long that period is going to be. So I think our obsession with that is going to serve
us well in this period. But what you're hearing me say is that growth has to be an equal obsession to other
metrics that are there, and we are going to go do that. So it may not be a completely full answer, Keith,
but we'll probably get there as the months go on and we get more clarity.

So I think that was the last question, if I remember. So let me make a few comments to wrap up the
call. These are truly unprecedented times. Over the coming weeks and months, we're going to continue
to focus on our employees, our clients and how we can help broader society. As difficult as this crisis is,
it presents an opportunity for IBM as a technology leader and as a trusted partner. Personally, it's an
interesting and exciting time to be taking on this role. I look forward to continuing this dialogue with all of
you, and we'll update you at the end of the second quarter. Thank you.

Patricia Murphy
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Thanks, Arvind. Thanks, Jim. Thanks for all of your questions. Sheila, let me turn it back to you to
wrap up the question -- wrap up the call.

Operator
Thank you. Thank you for participating on today's call. The conference has now ended. You may
disconnect at this time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20,
2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

