International Business Machines Corporation 
NYSE:IBM
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, April 19, 2021 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.65

1.77

Revenue  (mm)

17312.15

17730.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-16-2021 5:15 AM GMT

7.27

2.41

2.41

10.97

12.02

18190.57

73962.10

74864.97

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.09

2.58

1.88

1.65

2.18

2.58

2.07

1.77

4.31 %

0.00 %

10.11 %

7.27 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19,
2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Chairman of the Board

James J. Kavanaugh
CFO and Senior VP of Finance &
Operations

Patricia Murphy
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

A.M. Sacconaghi
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

David Michael Grossman
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Keith Frances Bachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19,
2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If
you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.

Now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy with IBM. Ma'am, you may begin.

Patricia Murphy
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, and I'd like to welcome you to IBM's First Quarter 2021 Earnings
Presentation. I'm here with Arvind Krishna, IBM's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim
Kavanaugh, IBM's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We'll post today's prepared remarks on
the IBM investor website within a couple of hours, and a replay will be available by this time tomorrow.

Some comments made in this presentation may be considered forward-looking under the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve factors that could cause our actual
results to differ materially. Additional information about these factors is included in the company's SEC
filings.

Our presentation also includes non-GAAP measures to provide additional information to investors. For
example, we present revenue and signings growth at constant currency throughout the presentation.
In addition, to provide a view consistent with our go-forward business, we'll focus on constant currency
growth adjusting for divested businesses for the impacted lines of total revenue, cloud and our geographic
performance. We have provided reconciliation charts for these and other non-GAAP measures at the end of
the presentation and in the 8-K submitted to the SEC.

So with that, I'll turn the call over to Arvind.

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to be speaking with all of you again. In our
last call, we shared our financial expectations for the year: revenue growth and $11 billion to $12 billion
of adjusted free cash flow. While it's still early in the year and a lot remains to be done, we are confident
enough to say that we are on track.

Last quarter, I also talked about how the event of the last year have increased the needs for our clients to
accelerate their digital transformations. This is continuing and the overall spend environment is improving,
while there are some clear differences by geography and industry.

With that as a backdrop, in the first quarter, we posted revenue growth at actual rates and grew free cash
flow. We can see signs of progress in a number of areas. Our results in Cloud & Cognitive Software and
Global Business Services revenue show they are on an improved trajectory, including a return to growth in
Consulting. IBM Z again demonstrated its value as an enduring platform. Meanwhile, we improved margins
in our Global Technology Services, led by Managed Infrastructure Services.

As Jim will explain to you, all of this helped to deliver free cash flow improvement, which is a key focus
area. As we move through the year, we will continue to execute on the important changes we are making
to the company from the acquisitions we are making to the investments to expand our partner ecosystem,
to the significant overhaul of our go-to-market model that we announced back in January to the changes
we're bringing to our culture to instill more of a growth mindset.

As you know, we're also executing the separation of a Managed Infrastructure Services business, now
branded Kyndryl, which is on track to be completed by the end of the year. These changes are all well
underway. Though as you would expect, it will take some time to see the full benefit. I have immense

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19,
2021

confidence in our strategy around the transformative power of hybrid cloud and AI and the decisive moves
we are making provide a solid foundation for us to unlock future growth.

As I've told you before, we see the hybrid cloud opportunity at $1 trillion, with less than 25% of workloads
having moved to the cloud so far. We are reshaping our future as a hybrid cloud platform and AI
company. For us, the case for hybrid cloud is clear. Businesses have made massive investments in their IT
infrastructure and are dealing with specific constraints such as compliance, data sovereignty and latency
needs in their operations. They need an environment that is not only hybrid, but a hybrid platform that
is flexible, secure and built from open source innovation. This gives them a credible path to modernizing
legacy systems with advanced cloud services and building cloud-native apps. This is what we have built
our platform for and why we have such confidence in our strategy.

IBM's approach is platform-centric. Linux, Containers and Kubernetes are the foundation of our hybrid
cloud platform, which is based on Red Hat OpenShift. We have a vast software portfolio, Cloud Paks,
modernized to run cloud-native anywhere. Our GBS expertise is a key factor in driving consumption and in
helping our clients accelerate their digital transformation journeys. And our systems and industry-specific
public cloud provide differentiated infrastructure.

The economics of our platform are designed to drive growth across all of IBM. The platform itself
contributes. But then for every dollar of platform spend, clients spend $3 to $5 in software and $6 to $8 in
services. IBM together with our growing ecosystem partners are positioned to capture that value.

Let me now turn my attention to some of the progress and proof points we have seen in the past quarter
as we execute on our hybrid cloud platform and AI strategy. In the last quarter, more companies chose
IBM to help them realize the potential of hybrid cloud. That includes PNC Bank, Banorte and EGYPTAIR.
We're also helping Siemens replatform MindSphere, their IoT software on top of Red Hat OpenShift. That
makes it possible for them to deploy on both public and private clouds. We now have 3,000 clients using
our hybrid cloud platform.

We are also focused on helping companies use our rich AI capabilities to drive business outcomes. In
the past quarter, we have forged important partnership with companies like Palantir to simplify how
businesses build and deploy AI applications across public clouds, private clouds and on-premise. As part of
this collaboration, IBM and Palantir are creating a new offering called Palantir for IBM Cloud Pak for Data,
allowing clients to scale AI with confidence.

In addition to Palantir, we continue to expand our AI ecosystem by building on partnerships with
companies like Box, Cloudera and MongoDB. In March, the global research firm Gartner positioned IBM as
a leader in 3 Gartner Magic Quadrant AI report, now making IBM a leader in 12 AI Magic Quadrants. This
recognition highlights the important work we have been doing to bring new innovations from our research
teams in core areas such as natural language processing, trust and automation.

To facilitate our clients' adoption of our focused hybrid cloud and AI solutions, as I said in January, we
announced significant changes in our go-to-market model. We drastically simplified our sales model by
adopting a single consistent segmentation in providing clients with a more technical and experiential
approach and are investing in and elevating the role of our ecosystem partners to deliver more value to
clients.

Finally, we have adjusted the incentive structure for our sales teams to better align our reward system
with our strategy. While it will take time for these changes to yield results, we are seeing some green
shoots from our transformation. We are investing in and scaling what we call presales garages to co-create
with our clients a lot earlier in the sales process. We have had around 200 of our top clients experience
new use cases for our solutions, and our ecosystem strategy and approach with strategic partners is
already opening new areas of growth in GBS.

I want to spend a minute on innovation. We have a strong pipeline of innovation, and some of these are
already differentiating our portfolio. As I said earlier, IBM Z again demonstrated its value this quarter.
This is thanks to the critical innovations we bring to each new generation of IBM Z, which continue to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19,
2021

spur renewed interest and drive client demand. In fact, z15 is now shipping the largest capacity in the
platform's history.

Another innovation we recently put on the market relates to Red Hat OpenShift, the cornerstone of our
hybrid cloud platform. OpenShift now includes new capabilities around security and scalability, both of
which are critical to enterprise needs. Next up, our new Linux and Kubernetes-based innovations that will
help businesses extend hybrid cloud to the edge, scale and secure cloud native applications and consume
technologies on OpenShift as a managed service.

Let me now turn to other opportunities we are seizing that will play out over the longer term. We
announced that we are embarking on a decade-long partnership with the Cleveland Clinic, who will tap
into the power of AI, hybrid cloud, high-performance computing and quantum computing to accelerate
the process of scientific discovery. As part of this collaboration, IBM will install the first on-premises IBM Q
System One in Ohio within the United States. As you know, this is an area of incredible promise. Quantum
has the potential to unlock hundreds of billions of dollars of value for our clients by the end of the decade.
To seize this opportunity, we announced a road map to build a 1,000-plus cubit quantum computer by
2023. We remain excited by these developments.

You may also have seen the partnership we announced with Intel to advance next-generation logic and
packaging technologies. This collaboration will be key in accelerating innovation and enhancing the
competitiveness of the semiconductor industry. As we reshape our future as a hybrid cloud platform and
AI company, we are continuing to use our scale, scope and trust to make an impact on important societal
issues. For instance, to help tackle the climate crisis, IBM announced a Net Zero pledge by 2030. We have
been transparent in that our efforts are focused on reducing actual emissions without the use of carbon
assets. We also intend to use emerging technologies to remove emissions equal to our residual emissions,
leveraging IBM Research to help accelerate the discovery of materials for these technologies.

Fundamental to our business growth is fostering a culture of conscious inclusion where innovation can
thrive and individuals progress. Last year, we made a commitment to be more transparent in how we
report diversity and inclusion. And last week, we released our 2020 Diversity and Inclusion Report. What
you will see is that we have increased our diversity representation and achieved best-in-class inclusion
scores from our employees. We are leveraging our industry-leading hiring practices, skills development
and advancement opportunities to continue our progress. I'm happy to expand on our ESG efforts in the
Q&A.

Before I turn it over to Jim, I will close with a comment on our future. Our objectives are clear:
sustainable mid-single-digit revenue growth post separation and strong cash generation. We are taking
actions investing and aligning compensation to achieve this, and our first quarter results are another step
in the right direction towards our future.

Jim, over to you.

James J. Kavanaugh
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Operations

Thanks, Arvind. I'll get right into the numbers. In the first quarter, our revenue of $17.7 billion grew 1%
as reported. We expanded our gross profit margin and grew gross profit dollars. We reported operating
earnings per share of $1.77.

Our adjusted free cash flow was up, resulting in $11.6 billion over the last year. And our balance sheet
and liquidity position remains strong. As Arvind said, we made progress, but more to do. You can see this
progress in our revenue with an improvement in the trajectory of our constant currency results.

Our revenue was up in cloud and cognitive software and in systems, and consulting returned to growth.
We're capitalizing on clients' digital transformations and journeys to cloud. We take a platform approach to
hybrid cloud and AI with capabilities in infrastructure, software and cloud services.

Across these, our cloud revenue was up 18% in the quarter and over the last 12 months and now stands
at over $26 billion for the last year. The fundamentals in our business model also continued to improve.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19,
2021

We expanded operating gross profit margin this quarter by 110 basis points. I'll remind you how we
manage our business. We manage our services businesses at the gross margin level while we look to
capture the value of our product-based businesses at the pretax margin level.

We had good margin expansion across our segments on those basis. This operating leverage enables a
higher level of investment. We're investing in innovation, in skills and in our ecosystem as we execute on
our hybrid cloud and AI strategy. Our hiring was up year-to-year with thousands of people hired in the
quarter. We closed 6 acquisitions since mid-December. We're building out presales garages, adding go-to-
market and delivery capabilities in GBS and technical skills in Red Hat. And we're increasing R&D in areas
like AI and quantum to drive innovation.

Our year-to-year expense dynamics reflect this investment, though it was offset by lower workforce
rebalancing charges year-to-year and lower travel expense in the current environment. Let me round
out the financial highlights with some color on our strong free cash flow and balance sheet and liquidity
position.

We had a good start to the year with $2.2 billion of adjusted free cash flow and $11.6 billion over the last
year. This adjusted view excludes the cash impact of over $600 million for the structural actions initiated
in the fourth quarter and transaction charges associated with the separation of our Managed Infrastructure
Services business.

This $2.2 billion of adjusted free cash flow is up $800 million year-to-year, driven by profit growth and
continued working capital efficiencies. We had both strong cash collections and renewal rates in software.
These software renewal rates drove our total deferred income to over $18 billion, which is an all-time high.
Our free cash flow performance in the quarter contributed to our cash balance of $11.3 billion.

While this is down $3 billion from year-end, our debt was down $5 billion. We've now reduced our debt
by about $17 billion from the peak. So we made good progress in deleveraging without sacrificing
investments in our business or our solid dividend policy.

Now let me turn to the segments. Cloud and cognitive software grew 1%, driven by cloud and data
platforms and cognitive applications. Our cloud revenue in this segment was up 34%. This reflects the
investments and actions we've taken to capture the hybrid cloud opportunity with solutions like Red Hat
OpenShift and Cloud Paks. Our cloud software is now $7.5 billion over the last year, which is about 1/3 of
our segment revenue. Across cloud and cognitive software, we continue to increase our subscription and
support renewal rates, driving the record deferred income levels I just mentioned.

Looking at our software performance by business area. Cloud and data platforms, which is about half of
our segment, revenue grew at a double-digit rate. Red Hat continued solid performance with normalized
revenue growth of 15%, led by Red Hat Enterprise Linux and OpenShift, both of which continue to gain
share. With about 3,000 hybrid cloud platform clients, we've now tripled the revenue base of OpenShift
since we acquired Red Hat. I'll remind you, we wrapped on the acquisition of Red Hat in the middle
of last year. In this quarter, cloud and data platforms delivered 2% normalized growth. In cloud and
data platforms, we also improved the year-to-year trajectory across a number of key areas, including
integration, data science and AI ops.

In Cognitive Applications, revenue grew 2% this quarter, led by strength across security software and
services. Our security solutions like Cloud Pak for Security helped enterprises to manage threats and
protect their digital workloads, data and identities across hybrid cloud environments. And clients opted for
accelerated time to value and ease of operation with QRadar on cloud to rapidly detect cybersecurity tax
and network breaches. As expected, our transaction processing platforms revenue declined. We provide
flexibility to our clients in how they purchase our software. Clients buying behaviors have been shifting
toward more consumption-based models. As a result, we are seeing a continued preference for OpEx over
CapEx, putting pressure on perpetual licenses. Though this quarter, we had strong renewals in our TPP
software, which I'll remind you, provides mission-critical capabilities to our clients. Looking at the profit for
this segment, we expanded pretax margin while continuing to invest in new innovation and our software
ecosystem.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19,
2021

Turning to GBS. Our year-to-year revenue trajectory improved about 4 points, with consulting returning
to growth. We're capitalizing on the market trends. Clients are digitally transforming their businesses,
using hybrid cloud and AI to capture new growth opportunities, increase productivity and create operating
flexibility. Our revenue performance this quarter reflects this. GBS cloud revenue growth accelerated
to almost 30%, doubling its growth rate from the prior quarter with strong growth across the portfolio.
We see this in consulting where we had strong growth in our advice and build offerings. This reflects
expanding practices with ecosystem partners like Salesforce and Adobe and strong momentum in our Red
Hat practice.

In fact, we doubled the number of Red Hat client engagements from the prior year to over 150, working
with companies such as HBO, Marriott, Vodafone and Honda. We've now signed $2 billion of business in
our Red Hat practice inception to date. Within Application Management, we had growth in offerings which
build and move applications to the cloud. This growth was offset by declines in on-premise activity.

Our application incumbency enables GBS to be the partner of choice for our clients' digital transformation.
It is high value to our clients and to IBM and is an important component of IBM's hybrid cloud strategy
and platform adoption. For example, GBS continues to drive 1/3 of our Cloud Pak revenue. And of those
engagements, roughly 80% are with application management clients.

We are also capturing the opportunity in business transformation services or what we call intelligent
workflows. Within consulting, we had double-digit growth in offerings, which leverage data and AI
to transform client processes in areas like finance and supply chain. And in Global Process Services,
revenue growth accelerated to 19%. We had broad-based growth in areas such as finance and talent and
transformation as clients leverage hybrid cloud to scale their activities to capture productivity and gain
insights.

Turning to profit. We continue to expand GBS gross margin, which was up 100 basis points this quarter.
This was driven by our shift to higher value offerings, increased productivity and improving delivery
capabilities, which results in better margin realization. In this quarter, we still had some margin benefit
from reduced client-related travel. At the same time, we're continuing to invest in GBS organically and
inorganically to accelerate the revenue performance.

We closed 2 acquisitions in the quarter. We are building and expanding practices in support of ISV
partners, and we continue to hire adding more sales and delivery capacity, contributing to an increase of
more than 5% in our go-to-market resources since last year.

Systems revenue was up 2%, led by strong performance in IBM Z, while product cycle dynamics continue
to play out across power and storage. Our IBM Z revenue was up 49%. That's very strong growth,
especially more than 6 quarters into the z15 product cycle. We had traction in areas like financial services,
where robust market volatility drove demand for increased capacity. Clients also purchased z15 for its
enterprise-grade security and unmatched reliability for regulatory requirements. Simply put, this platform
is secure, scalable and reliable. IBM Z is an enduring platform, developed and optimized to support
enterprise's most mission-critical applications.

The IBM Z platform is also an important element in our hybrid cloud strategy, attracting new workloads,
integrating cloud native capabilities, including Red Hat, and supporting our industry-specific cloud
solutions. And with this quarter's performance, the z15 program to date has now outpaced the strong
performance of the z14 program. This further demonstrates the lasting value of the IBM Z platform. With
solid gross margin performance in IBM Z and Power, our Systems segment improved gross and pretax
margins year-to-year.

In Global Technology Services, revenue declined 5%, which is about a 3-point improvement from last
quarter's rate. Over the last few quarters, we've talked about an impact of GTS revenue from lower
client business volumes. This quarter, we saw an improved trajectory in project activity and client-based
business volumes, including in some of the industry's most affected by the pandemic, such as retail and
consumer products. We're encouraged by this trend.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19,
2021

Our year-to-year signings performance reflects a difficult compare. Last year, GTS had strong signings
growth driven by large renewals at Anthem and Caixa Bank. That said, our midsize deals grew this
quarter. Enterprises continue to see the long-term value for GTS to design, run and manage the most
modern, efficient and reliable technology infrastructures. We see this in both the renewal rates this
quarter, which were consistent with history and in the new logo wins at clients such as Generali and Pitney
Bowes.

Let me now provide an update on the progress we're making to separate Kyndryl, our Managed
Infrastructure Services business. Like last quarter, I'll quickly touch on 3 areas: client engagements,
actions to optimize the business model, and the execution of the necessary milestones to enable the
transaction. From a client perspective, we're continuing to work with our clients to ensure a smooth
transition. We have done extensive client outreach, and over 90% have had a very positive reaction.
Clients see the long-term value and benefit for Kyndryl to help them build a strong, secure, resilient and
adaptive digital capabilities.

Regarding the business model, we have taken several actions to position the business for an improved
margin, profit and cash generation profile. This quarter, we expanded GTS segment gross margin by 60
basis points with contribution from infrastructure services. The project activity and client-based business
volumes have a higher margin profile as they utilize existing resources. And so as these volumes recover,
we get operating leverage.

Additionally, the contract and productivity actions we have taken are just starting to contribute to gross
margin improvement. Finally, in addition to establishing a name, headquarters location and expanding
the leadership team, we continue to make good progress on executing the necessary financial, legal and
regulatory milestones to enable the transaction. We remain on track to close by the end of the year and
still expect the Form 10 to be available in the fall.

Now I'll bring it back up to the IBM level with a quick summary of the quarter and our view of the full
year. Our revenue trajectory improved in the first quarter, driven by Cloud & Cognitive Software, Global
Business Services and strong IBM Z performance late in the product cycle. We continue to improve the
fundamentals of our business model with operating leverage enabling a higher level of investment, and
we have a strong balance sheet and liquidity position. We're off to a good start. But as we said, more to
do over the course of 2021. We're investing in skills, ecosystem and innovation as we execute our hybrid
cloud platform and AI strategy.

We've redesigned our go-to-market model and expect to yield benefits as we move through the year.
We're executing the structural actions initiated in the fourth quarter and are continuing through the first
half of this year. Some of this will improve the profit profile of our infrastructure services business, but
more of the savings will be reinvested in IBM's remaining business. And as I just mentioned, we'll be
working to complete the separation of Kyndryl by the end of the year.

As we look forward, we're focused on revenue growth and cash generation. For the year, we continue to
expect revenue growth at current spot rates and to deliver $11 billion to $12 billion of adjusted free cash
flow. I'll remind you, adjusted free cash flow expectations exclude the $3 billion of cash impacts this year
associated with both structural actions initiated in the fourth quarter and the transaction charges for the
spin-off. I'll make a couple of comments on revenue and free cash flow for the next quarter.

As you've seen, the U.S. dollar has strengthened over the last 90 days, which impacts us by about 1 point
of revenue growth for the year. Despite this, the average of analyst revenue estimates for the second
quarter look reasonable. And as I said, we're maintaining our expectations for revenue growth for the
year. We also had a strong start to free cash flow with good profit and working capital performance.

Profit growth will continue to contribute to our cash performance. But we also expect over half of the $1
billion full year cash tax headwind I mentioned in January to hit in the second quarter. And looking at
our book tax rate in the second quarter, we expect the rate to be similar to second quarter last year or a
couple of points higher. Bringing all of this together, we expect to make incremental progress in the second
quarter as we deliver on our full year expectations.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19,
2021

So with that, let's go to Q&A. I'll turn it back over to Patricia.

Patricia Murphy
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. Before we begin the Q&A with Arvind and Jim, I'd like to mention a couple of items. First,
we've included supplemental information at the end of the presentation. And finally, as always, I'd ask you
to refrain from multipart questions.
So operator, let's please open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19,
2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Matt Cabral with Credit Suisse.

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Yes. Good to see cloud and cognitive return to growth in the quarter. Just wondering if you could update
us on what you're seeing in terms of the underlying demand environment in software and just where you
are in dealing with some of the issues that weighed on the more transactional side of the business in Q4.
And then software going forward, just wondering how we should think about the cadence of revenue for
the balance of the year from here?

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Matt, thanks for the question. Look, I think that the spend environment overall is improving, Matt. I
think I can say that definitely compared to the fourth quarter. And we are talking in the fourth quarter
about various pauses in buying. We didn't really see that in the first quarter. Now that said, I do have
to acknowledge there are some differences by geography and industry. When you look in the underlying
results, you can see the Americas were stronger. There are pockets in Asia that depends very much by
country, and we can all guess which ones are doing better, which ones are doing worse. It does depend
upon both COVID rates and the pauses that happened then due to business circumstances.

We do sense a bit of caution in Europe, and you can see that in the numbers. So you can sort of expect
that. You can also see that there are going to be differences by industry. Those most impacted are
the obvious ones, travel, tourism and all others that then get touched by those. So that's the color
on what's happening. However, as I've reiterated before, we do see our clients accelerate their digital
transformation. And as they accelerate their digital transformation, our hybrid cloud thesis comes to play
very strongly. Multi-cloud, which is multiple public clouds as well as private come into play, all the reasons
that I mentioned around sovereignty and choice come into play, and you can see that then in our Red Hat
results.

So then explicitly addressing the cloud and cognitive software, we expect Red Hat to maintain itself in
the mid- to high teens. That will show through in the cloud and data platform results being strong. We
expect our applications, our AI applications, to remain in the single digits of growth, and we can see that.
We talked about the strong demand for security in there. I do expect to see continued declines in our TPP
software, but it doesn't really worry us. I mean those are things where if I look at a 2- or 3-year CAGR, we
expect to see mid- to high single-digit declines. But in any given period, it can be a little bit lumpy, and we
see that there. And so we expect this to carry on through this year.

Second quarter I would be somewhat optimistic, but we've got to go deliver it, Matt.

Operator

Our next question will come from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Arvind, you talked about increased investments in sales resources, technical skills, R&D. We saw M&A
pick up this quarter. And all of this is meant to drive that mid-single-digit sustainable revenue growth that
you've talked about, which I believe you've said that you can achieve next year. Can you just help us at a
high level bridge how you get to the 4% to 5% revenue growth? What are the primary sources of growth
acceleration at the segment level? How much M&A contribution should we be contemplating? And also

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19,
2021

in next year's growth rate, are you baking in the revenue benefit that you'll see as some of the internal
revenue becomes reported as external post the spin?

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Thanks, Katy. It's pretty clear. You're a good student of what we say and publish. So let me try to unpack
your question. Let me first talk about how do all these investments result in mid-single-digit revenue
growth. So if you look at it, we keep saying Red Hat at mid- to high teens, leading to overall software in
the mid-single digits. That will include the TPP mild decline, but the overall will be mid-single digit. That
could include, I'll call it, any business-as-usual acquisitions. But the current market value, I don't see
acquisitions adding a significant amount to IBM's top line. You can do the math with what we can put in, it
will be well less than a point overall. We can just -- I think we can say that.

Then if I look at our go-to-market investments, whether that's technical resources, garages, client success
managers or segmentation, that is not yet really paying up. You see some early signals in the 200 clients
doing these things. I do expect that, that can contribute a couple of points, maybe a bit more for next
year. But you'll see that inside our software and our GBS numbers. It's not additive to those. We're also
investing about $1 billion in our ecosystem. That will contribute to improving GBS' growth rate to beyond
the prepandemic rate. So that then takes me to GBS. Will this year come back to the pre-pandemic
growth rates of 2% to 4%? But the mixture of the acquisitions and the go-to-market changes, so take
them higher than that by the end of the year into next year.

Now you asked also about will internal revenue contribute to this? Okay, the internal revenue is a onetime
change. So we have talked about sustainable mid-single-digit revenue growth, not just for 1 year. So
while it might help next year, we are not counting on that to be a contributor because that's only once.
It's not every year. So hopefully, Red Hat contributing together with acquisitions, the software in the mid-
single digits. GBS, with all the changes we're describing, perhaps better than mid-single digit. Systems,
if I take a 2- to 3-year view, kind of flattish. But in any given year, it might increase or decrease, but not
by a whole lot. It doesn't impact the top line a lot. And that's how sort of we get to the mid-single digits
sustainably.

So you might get a 1-year benefit from the -- from internal going to external, but not permanent. So
that's why I don't really count on that. Hopefully, that gives you an answer to your different parts of the
question.

James J. Kavanaugh
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Operations

And as we complete the Form 10 process, which we're well on our way right now, Katy, I would tell you,
one, as you know quite well, we will be transparent about the strategic commercial relationship we have
between IBM and Kyndryl going forward, and we will disclose what those relationships are and how we will
treat that revenue. But more work to be done, and we will come back to you at the appropriate time.

Operator

Next, we will hear from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.

A.M. Sacconaghi
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Yes. I guess this is a clarification or maybe 2 clarifications. I'm wondering if you can just comment, I think
you said that you think consensus revenue estimates for Q2 are reasonable. They're up about $500 million
sequentially from Q1. If I look back at normal seasonality, typically, revenue is up about $1 billion, and it
sounds like IT spend is improving. So if anything, one would expect better-than-normal seasonality. So I'm
wondering whether you're being conservative or there were some onetime things that happened in Q1, but
why wouldn't you underwrite normal or better than normal seasonality, which I have as about a $1 billion
sequential increase in revenues?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19,
2021

And then separately, Arvind, could you just clarify, when you talk about IBM as a AI company, what role
does Watson play in that? I don't think that name was really mentioned on the call. There's speculation
about Watson Health. Maybe you can give us an update on how Watson fits into IBM as an AI company
and specifically, what's happening with Watson Health and Watson Financial?

James J. Kavanaugh
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Operations

Okay, Toni. Thank you for your question, and I'll handle the first part, provide some clarity around our
forward-looking guidance and then turn it over to Arvind for your second part of the question.

But as we said in prepared remarks, similar to 90 days ago, in fact, we're even more confident in the
position that we put in place with regards to our 2 most important measures: one, revenue growth, and
second, adjusted free cash flow, which is going to provide the fuel for the investments needed for us to
capture that hybrid cloud $1 trillion TAM. Now we reiterated that we're going to grow revenue overall for
the year, and that is despite currency volatility, again, with the U.S. dollar appreciating 90 days ago. We
lost about 1 point of revenue for the year. And we lost about 1 point of revenue in the second quarter.

So now going to your math with regards to our historical quarter-to-quarter. Very close. I mean the math
I got in my head is somewhere around $900 million, $950 million, give or take, quarter-to-quarter. We see
normal historical attainment across 1Q to 2Q in both our software base of business. As Arvind said, we're
feeling even more confident given the rebound here in the first quarter. And also in both of our services-
based businesses, we see normal historical attainment to that roughly $900 million to $950 million.

Now given our first quarter performance of driving a very strong mainframe cycle, growing 49% in the
first quarter and the seventh quarter of the program, which is unheard of, coming off of 60% growth last
year, Arvind and I both believe it's very prudent for us as we go forward with our guidance to not count
on continued acceleration of our mainframe. We're very pleased with the performance. We're pleased with
the value proposition. But I would say, against that $900 million to $950 million, I would take a couple of
hundred million off of that number just based on first quarter's very strong performance in Mainframe and
that not concluding going forward.

So let me turn it over to Arvind for the second part.

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Thanks. So Toni, Watson remains critically important to us. To be absolutely clear, Watson is the brand
product name for our AI capabilities. You'll see it in the market as Watson conversational agent. But you'll
also see it, as for example, our security products with Watson. It is embedded inside our Cloud Pak for
data and called out as Watson.

Let me give you a quick example of where we're seeing a huge amount of success. So let me take one of
the large entities doing vaccine administration in the United States. When they were -- when they realized
in December they could do this, they suddenly began to realize that they could get tens of millions of
calls every quarter. And then how will they handle them? Staff up tens of thousands of people or perhaps
deploy Watson. And so far, at one of these places, and we have deployed it a lot more than one, 5 million
calls handled in the quarter with over 70% handled by Watson. You now think about extrapolating this
over the year, that would make a 20 million in 4 quarters. And with the confidence building up on one
program, you could imagine it going to others.

This is a lot more straightforward to do and where I think AI excels in handling issues in both improving
client satisfaction because you get an instantaneous answer but also in taking cost out, and those are
rare in our industry where you get both together. We see lots and lots of opportunities here. We also see
a lot of Watson being embedded on how to automate data cleansing, on how to do AI operations, on
dramatically improving the resilience of people's IT infrastructure.

So turning -- to net it out, Watson remains really important. AI is in the early part of its journey. Not us.
Consultants have estimated $16 trillion of global productivity over the decade, maybe 5% of our way into

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19,
2021

that journey. Watson will be the tool that unlocks that for our clients, albeit in areas like IT, in data, in
conversation, in call handling and in all these areas where we excel and we have a large footprint with our
clients.

Operator

Our next question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Securities, Research Division

Yes. Arvind, you said the go-to-market changes have not yet had an impact. Should we expect to see
some benefit in the second half of 2021? And if you could maybe address what the cadence of the benefit
would be across the business segments, where would pay out first and later, that would be helpful. And
separately, maybe you can just help us think through what's going on with bookings and backlog. The
signings numbers were quite weak relative to the confidence you're expressing on consulting growth. Is
there a pause given the upcoming spin? Or maybe any -- maybe if you could just dig down into that a little
bit, that would be great.

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Thanks, Wamsi. Look, go-to-market changes, Wamsi, always have, I'll call it, a bit of a hysteresis loop.
They take time to take impact. We rolled them out in the beginning of January, but then you have to
-- there's a human part to this. You have to assign people to accounts. There is some level of learning.
There's some level of changes. And all of that just takes months to flow through. I wish I could do it
quicker, but I got to acknowledge it takes months. That's why you hear me say it will take time for us to
see the benefit.

Where will we see the benefit? We would expect to see improved productivity for our sales teams that
cover our large accounts. That will result in better software growth and in better GBS growth. I do expect
to see that in the second half. I expect to see even more of it going into 2022. As we're also investing in
our -- what we're calling our ecosystem, to be clear, that is investments, whether it's in Schlumberger or
Siemens or Palantir, just to name some from this last quarter. But before that, relationships we had with
Box and Slack and Adobe and Salesforce and SAP, you expect to see all of those play out in the improved
growth, both in software and in GBS. So you kind of sort of unpack those, and you see that. Now when
I talk about why would I see more productivity in our top accounts, while the 200 Garage engagements
that I mentioned, you expect that all of those will build pipeline oftentimes we might never have had in
the past. So that is why you begin to see improved yield in the top accounts.

So I expect to see some definite. You'll see it in our numbers in the second half and then more going into
next year. For the second part of the question, I'll hand it to Jim to talk a little bit about signings. Jim?

James J. Kavanaugh
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Operations

Okay. Thanks, Wamsi, for the question. Let me unpack some of this for you. First of all, printed numbers,
signings down 27% to your point, entirely driven by our large deal renewal comparison the last first
quarter in GTS. If you remember, we signed 2 massive deals last year with Anthem and Caixa well in
excess of $1 billion a piece in each. But I think this goes to the testament that I've talked about many
times on this call, and that is all signings are not created equal. The duration, the mix, the offering, the
content all impact how signings translate into backlog and how backlog then translates into revenue
realization overall.

So let's talk a little bit about the GTS portfolio because that's where it really centers around here in the
quarter. When you look at GTS, I think there's a couple of different dynamics playing out. First, we -- yes,
greater than $100 million deals. We were down substantially compared to last year just off of that very
tough compare. And I'll remind you, we grew GTS signings north of 40% last year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19,
2021

So second, though, is our midsized deals, read that kind of $10 million to $100 million, we were up high
teens. And embedded in that, we also had another nice quarter of new logos, which means we are out
there winning new business, capturing new client value even in light of the announced separation with
Kyndryl. The second component at the heart of your question, I think, is are we losing business? Or is
business getting paused? I would think, one, with the new logo wins and second, we have consistent
high renewal rates in this business. This business is very sticky from a Managed Infrastructure Services
perspective. And we have high 90-plus percent renewal rates, and we have not seen that change since the
announcement.

Now with that said, are there pipeline that has built up that naturally some clients are pausing so they
wait to see what our Form 10 is? Yes. And I don't think we expected anything different overall. But when
you take all that together, our backlog position overall in GTS and our backlog runout, we actually see
continued sequential improvement, nice improvement off a fourth quarter, 3 points better. And we see that
continuing modestly here from 1Q to 2Q, and that's a reflection of those new logos that are going to start
ramping up. And that's a reflection of our midsized deals, which, by the way, has changed the duration in
that part of the portfolio by 1 month overall, which is impacting the revenue realization. So we still feel
very, very good and very comfortable. We've got a very good pipeline in front of us, and we see better
revenue realization.

Operator

Next, you will hear from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I guess I was hoping if you could touch a little bit more on the GBS performance. And we saw a nice
improvement, I think. From what we saw in December quarter, it was still down, but a nice 4 basis points
improvement nonetheless. And consulting, I think it was notable that we started to see growth over
there. So I was hoping you could just help us understand if you should think about consulting growth as a
leading indicator to what GBS can do. And would we expect this to be positive growth for GBS in calendar
'21? And then also, have you clarified this for me, as you go through the process of splitting up these
long-term contracts between IBM and NewCo, why would customers agree to do this without rebidding the
contract or getting a price concession from either IBM or NewCo?

James J. Kavanaugh
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Operations

Okay, Amit, this is Jim. Let me take your question, and I appreciate the point. We are pretty pleased with
the trajectory improvement overall with regards to our GBS business. We improved by 4 points quarter-to-
quarter. And we talked about 90 days ago as we went through the pandemic and Arvind reiterated it here
on the call tonight, what we have seen is our clients acceleration in their digital transformations and their
journeys to cloud, and we expected to capitalize on that as we move forward.

So if you take a step back and just look at our first quarter performance, and then I'll translate that into
what we see with our GBS business going forward. Our first quarter performance really reflects our level
and the confidence in the value of our portfolio, our cloud book of business in GBS doubled its growth
rate to 28% here in the first quarter. We have over a $6 billion book of business in cloud and GBS alone,
leveraging our strength in application modernization and our cloud transformational services built on top
of our Red Hat hybrid cloud platform. Our Red Hat engagements, we increased 150 to let alone just in the
first quarter overall. And our cloud book of business is up double digits across all 3 subsectors.

Now to your point about consulting, very pleased of that leading indicator. We return back to growth.
And we've been talking about the last handful of quarters how the whole journey to cloud with our value
proposition about advice, move, build and manage that the front end of that equation as clients go
through around application modernization really shows up in our consulting base of business and then
translates into our application management business overall and our global processing services business
overall, which we saw very nice growth as clients are reimagining how they run their companies, and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19,
2021

we're capitalizing on what we call intelligent workflows. So we definitely believe that consulting is a
leading indicator.

Now going forward, we are very confident in getting back in second quarter to our prepandemic levels of
growth. By the way, our backlog run out in the next 90 days already shows that. But let me give you a
little bit of some quantitative components behind why we're so confident.

Number one, our book-to-bill over the last 12 months is well north of 1, led by consulting, to your point,
which we believe is the front end of that curve that will lend itself into GPS and into AMS. Second, we
continue to have very good momentum in small and midsized deals that you know has immediate revenue
realization in the near term, which has led, third, to our overall backlog level of growth. Strong growth in
GBS, consulting and GPS and improving trend in our AMS business going forward. And then fourth, we
talked about upfront we closed on 5 acquisitions here in the last handful of months. We are very focused
on ramping, scaling and driving that business. So we feel comfortable getting back to prepandemic
growth here in second quarter. We feel very confident in the full year, GBS delivering growth. And most
importantly is that exit velocity in 2021 heading into 2022. GBS is an integral part of that mid-single-digit
growth objective that Arvind talked about.

Operator

Our next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.

Tien-Tsin Huang
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Just maybe a stupid question or clarification. Just the strength in system Z at this point in the cycle.
What -- can you maybe go through that a little again? What's changed? What's different? Is it a different
buying or selling motion? Just trying to understand that a little bit better.

And then just on the ecosystem strategy, Arvind, opening new areas of growth. Is there a pipeline for
more deals like a Palantir and others? I'm just curious where the effort is there today and how close you
are to adding more partners there? Or if that's more of a midterm expectation for us to manage or watch
for?

James J. Kavanaugh
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Operations

Okay. Thanks, Tien-Tsin. I'll handle the IBM Z discussion and then turn it over to Arvind for the ecosystem.

We're very pleased. Seven quarters into a Z cycle, growing 49% on a 60-plus percent growth here in the
first quarter of last year, a very strong comparison overall and really kind of breaks the cycle from what
we've typically seen. But we saw growth. When you look at it: one, are we capitalizing on the overall
encouraging trend from a macroeconomic perspective? Yes. We're also capitalizing on robust trading-
based volumes in our traditional FSS space industry. So capacity needs are driving some parts of our
industry consumption. But I'll tell you, we're also seeing changing regulatory requirements, clients needing
backup, and recovery is very essential right now. We saw that play out in the first quarter.

And then beyond the FSS industry, we start seeing some good adoption. And we talked about this in prior
calls, where we see elongated cycles just given some industries are more impacted by the pandemic, but
we see now our value proposition of cloud-native applications where we have Red Hat Enterprise Linux,
Red Hat OpenShift that runs on our mainframe platform and also pervasive encryption. Security is at the
top of every CIO and CTO's priority list and the mainframe by definition is the most secure, most scalable,
most reliable platform out there. And I think you're seeing all of that play out.

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Yes. On your second part of your question, Tien-Tsin, on ecosystem, yes, we have a long pipeline. I expect
this number to go into the high 10s, maybe not 100, but definitely into very many more. But let me
caution though, when you say midterm, it's not multiple years. Each of these takes about 6 months to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19,
2021

become real and then another few months to become into real revenue. So I would not expect that new
ones we announced now will have an impact much before the end of the year. However, they will have a
big impact at the very end of this year and into next year. So I'll sort of position it like that. But expect
that we should be announcing these at a regular cadence.

Operator

Our next question comes from David Grossman with Stifel.

David Michael Grossman
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

So you've made some high-level but very consistent comments about sustaining the dividend as we
approach the spin. And I think most of us will all understand the reasons for that. That said, in the
past, there have been some criticisms that the company has prioritized returns to shareholders at the
expense of growth. And I know you've talked a lot about reinvestment, cost savings among several other
actions. However, in software, cloud and services, you're going out getting some pretty big companies that
really don't return capital at your rate. So how do you want us to reconcile that dynamic as you look to
reaccelerate and sustain growth in 2022 and beyond?

James J. Kavanaugh
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Operations

So David, this is Jim. Thank you for your question. Let me -- I'm not going to talk to other competitors,
but I would go check some of those about how much share buyback that they're all doing overall. But with
that said, I'm only going to talk about IBM. And we feel very confident in our capital allocation process and
our disciplined financial management system overall. Let me remind you 90 days ago how we entered the
year. We entered the year, I think I talked about the sources and uses of our cash. We think entering the
year, we had 14 -- over $14 billion of cash on the balance sheet.

We said we were going to generate adjusted free cash flow of $11 billion to $12 billion in the year. And
that we were going to continue to optimize our IGF portfolio and set of offerings to be a captive aligned to
our hybrid cloud and AI strategy, and that would give us another $3 billion to $5 billion. So we had, from
a source perspective, about $30 billion overall. When you take that against the uses in the year, we talked
about a $3 billion charge for the structural actions in 2021 and our onetime charges for the separation that
goes against that $30 billion. We talked about $8 billion of debt maturities against that. And we talked
about our dividend being $6 billion overall.

So that comes up to be about, what, $16 billion, $17 billion. So we think from a cash source and use
perspective that we've got flexibility to continue to invest and compete in the market, both organically and
inorganically while delevering to support a very strong balance sheet overall with a single A rating and
also deliver given our investor base, deliver a secure and modestly growing dividend overall. And what
you've seen in the first quarter, I think, only strengthens that position. We still ended the quarter with over
$11 billion of cash on the balance sheet. And I'll remind you that we took into account $5 billion of debt
maturity, $1.5 billion of dividend in the quarter, roughly $600 million on the onetime charges and another
$1 billion plus in acquisitions and still ended with $11 billion overall.

So we feel very confident, and we will capitalize whether there's any inorganic opportunities. And you've
seen, what, 11 acquisitions since Arvind has taken over. And we'll continue to capitalize where it makes
the right client value and the right IBM value at the right economic equation going forward. But we're not
constrained by sources and uses of cash.

Patricia Murphy
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, David. Sheila, we're past the top of the hour, but why don't we take one more question?

Operator

Our last question will come from Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19,
2021

Keith Frances Bachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Jim, I wanted to follow up on that question. If you could talk a little bit about the drivers of the change in
underlying cash flow for this year. What are the key metrics? And how should that make us think about
your ability to generate cash in the next fiscal year? Obviously, I'm eliminating the charges associated with
the separation. If you could just talk about that. And then Arvind, since I am last, I wanted to sneak in
one more.

You've talked repeatedly about GBS growing in mid-single digits. If I just talk about -- pick a number like
5%. If you could just clarify how much is M&A within that kind of number? And in particular, when you
talk about application maintenance, are you assuming that application maintenance grows within GBS?
Because it's -- I think it's pretty clear that the industry is struggling for growth. And if you're assuming
that application maintenance can grow within the envelope of GBS, I'd like to understand why when I
think the industry faces challenges.

James J. Kavanaugh
CFO and Senior VP of Finance & Operations

Thanks, Keith, for the question overall. So let me handle the free cash flow and then Arvind can talk
about GBS. As we said 90 days ago, which we reiterated here tonight on the call, we feel confident in
the forward-looking guidance of $11 billion to $12 billion of adjusted free cash flow in '21. And if you
remember, 90 days ago, to give the investor a perspective of the sustainability, just given the $3 billion
worth of charges we will have from the structural actions in the fourth quarter and the upcoming spin
separation charges, we gave a perspective of 2022 that, that would accelerate to $12 billion to $13 billion
of adjusted free cash flow. When you look at the underpinnings of both '21 and then 2022, I think you
start seeing the fundamentals of our business model, and that is returning back the revenue growth, the
operating leverage that this business can generate with some level of sustainable level of revenue growth,
the underlying mix contribution of that and the continued productivity that this business drives. You will
see profit growth. And also, I remind you, Red Hat, which we achieved being free cash flow accretive in
the first year will continue to drive improvements.

Now we've been making great progress on working capital efficiency. And I would tell you our collections
rate, we didn't talk about it, although in the prepared remarks, I talked about our record deferred
income, given the strength of our software renewal position overall, all of those will continue to generate
improvements going forward. But that is going to be needed in 2021 because we got about $1 billion
cash tax headwind with all of that in front of us. I would say probably 60% to 70% will hit in the second
quarter. So once we get through that cash tax headwind here, we feel pretty comfortable and confident
in that cash generation machine, leveraging sustainable revenue growth and operating leverage in the
business on our way to $12 billion to $13 billion next year.

Arvind Krishna
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Thanks. And Keith, you asked one of my favorite questions, how is GBS going to grow and how much will
it grow? So when you look at the mid-single-digits, that's actually our nearer-term forecast. Our goals
certainly are to make it grow even above that. If you look at the M&A component, look, I mean, M&A
could contribute at most a couple of points to that growth. It's just would be -- that would be sort of the
upper bound, and we won't necessarily see all of that even this year, but who knows? Because it's hard
to predict how much those properties can grow once they're inside IBM as well. But you shouldn't expect
more than that. But that's part of our path to make GBS grow faster even than the mid-single digits.

Now in terms of AMS, AMS is really important for a number of reasons. And it all depends on how you
define it. If you define it as this is application management and maintenance of those applications that
were in place 5 years ago. By definition, that will shrink because everybody expects massive productivity
and they don't expect those to grow. And you kind of see that in the numbers. But why is that incumbency
relevant? As you have knowledge of that application base and you now help the client on their cloud
transformation journey, then what was that older application estate now becomes a brand-new application

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19,
2021

estate and you get growth because you're helping them transform it using AI, using workflows, using
cloud. And so that contributes to growth, whether that shows up in consulting near term and then AMS
long term, whether that shows up as global processor business services in the medium term, that's the
kind of mix that goes on, but that is why AMS is critical to giving GBS its kind of fuel in order to grow. But
that is why we are confident in the mid to single -- mid- to high single-digit growth in the longer term for
GBS.

So Keith, thanks. But since we are well past over the hour, let me just make a couple of comments to
wrap up the call. We had a good start to the year. We expect to continue our progress over the course of
the year as we execute our strategy and realize benefits from the investments and actions we are taking.
We will exit 2021 in a stronger position than we started the year, and I look forward to continuing this
dialogue with you.

Patricia Murphy
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Arvind. Sheila, let me turn it back to you to close out the call.

Operator
Thank you for participating on today's call. The conference has now ended. You may disconnect at this
time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19,
2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

