Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. 

NYSE:ICE
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 28, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.23

1.30

Revenue  (mm)

1755.35

1802.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-28-2021 1:44 AM GMT

5.69

2.66

1.24

4.98

5.32

1724.04

6977.27

7209.39

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

1.08

1.31

1.16

1.23

1.13

1.34

1.16

1.30

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4.63 %

2.29 %

0.00 %

5.69 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Benjamin R. Jackson
President

Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Mary Caroline O'Neal
Head of Investor Relations

Warren Gardiner
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Christopher John Allen
Compass Point Research &
Trading, LLC, Research Division

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Kenneth Brooks Worthington
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning and welcome to the Intercontinental Exchange Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call
and webcast. [Operator Instructions]

Please note that this event is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Mary Caroline O'Neal, the Head of Investor Relations.
Please go ahead.

Mary Caroline O'Neal
Head of Investor Relations

Good morning. ICE's third quarter 2021 earnings release and presentation can be found in the Investors
section of theice.com. These items will be archived, and our call will be available for replay.

Today's call may contain forward-looking statements. These statements, which we undertake no obligation
to update, represent our current judgment and are subject to risks, assumptions and uncertainties. For a
description of the risks that could cause our results to differ materially from those described in forward-
looking statements, please refer to our 2020 Form 10-K, third quarter Form 10-Q and other filings with the
SEC.

In our earnings supplement, we refer to certain non-GAAP measures. We believe our non-GAAP measures
are more reflective of our cash operations and core business performance. You'll find a reconciliation to the
equivalent GAAP terms in the earnings materials.

When used on this call, net revenue refers to revenue net of transaction-based expenses, and adjusted
earnings refers to adjusted diluted earnings per share.

Throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, references to revenue growth are on a constant
currency basis. Please see the explanatory notes on the second page of the earnings supplement for
additional details regarding the definition of certain items.

With us on the call today are Jeff Sprecher, Chairman and CEO; Warren Gardiner, Chief Financial Officer;
Ben Jackson, President; and Lynn Martin, President of Fixed Income and Data Services.

I'll now turn the call over to Warren.

Warren Gardiner
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, MC. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll begin on Slide 4 with some
of the key highlights from our third quarter results.

Adjusted earnings per share totaled $1.30, up 34% year-over-year, marking the best third quarter in our
company's history.

Net revenues totaled a record $1.8 billion and, on a pro forma basis, increased 11% versus last year, with
all 3 of our business segments contributing to the strong year-over-year growth.

Total transaction revenues grew 13%, while total recurring revenues, which accounted for nearly half of
our business, increased by 10%.

Third quarter adjusted operating expenses totaled $755 million, including $35 million related to Bakkt,
which, after successfully completing its merger with Victory Park, recently began trading on the NYSE.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

Adjusting for Bakkt, third quarter operating expenses would have been $720 million, in the middle of our
guidance range, while operating -- or while our adjusted operating margin would have been 60%, up over
100 basis points year-over-year.

Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect adjusted operating expenses to be between $737 million to $747
million. Relative to the full year outlook provided on our second quarter call, the fourth quarter is now
expected to include approximately $10 million related to the Bakkt stub period and $10 million to $15
million of performance-related compensation as we expect to reward our employees for their contribution
to the strong results we are once again on track to achieve in 2021.

Record year-to-date free cash flow has totaled nearly $2 billion. These strong cash flows, along with
the divestment of our $1.2 billion stake in Coinbase, has enabled us to reduce leverage to under 3.25x
at the end of September, nearly a full year ahead of schedule. As a result, we expect to resume share
repurchases, including up to $250 million in this year's fourth quarter. We anticipate updating you on our
2022 capital return plans early next year. In addition, we announced in October that we have agreed to
sell our stake in Euroclear for EUR 709 million or approximately $820 million. We expect to determine the
use of Euroclear proceeds as we approach closing, which we expect will be -- will occur in 2022.

Now let's move to Slide 5, where I'll provide an overview of the performance of our Exchange segment.

Third quarter net revenues totaled $959 million, an increase of 16% year-over-year. This strong
performance was driven by a 30% increase in our interest rate business and a 38% increase in our energy
revenues, including 34% increase in our oil complex, a 73% increase in European natural gas revenues
and a 72% increase in revenues related to global environmental products. Importantly, total open interest,
which we believe to be the best indicator of long-term growth, is up 18% versus the end of last year,
including 11% growth in energy and 28% growth across our financial futures and options complex.

Recurring revenues, which include our exchange data services and NYSE listings, increased 6% year-
over-year, including 10% growth in our listings business. This acceleration in growth was driven by an
increasing number of operating company IPOs choosing the NYSE, particularly in the technology and
consumer sectors. Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect recurring revenues in our Exchange segment
to be between $330 million and $335 million.

Turning now to Slide 6. I'll discuss our Fixed Income and Data Services segment.

Third quarter revenues totaled $477 million, a 6% increase versus a year ago. Recurring revenue growth,
which accounted for nearly 90% of segment revenues, also grew 6% in the quarter. Within recurring
revenues, our fixed income, data and analytics business increased by 5% year-over-year, including
another double-digit growth in our index franchise, while other data and network services grew 9% driven
by continued customer demand for additional network capacity.

Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect that our recurring revenues will improve sequentially to a range
of $415 million to $420 million and that full year revenue growth will be approximately 6%, at the high
end of our guidance range.

Let's go next to Slide 7, where I will discuss our Mortgage Technology segment. Please note that my
comments on revenue growth are on a pro forma basis.

Despite a double-digit decline in industry origination volumes, our Mortgage Technology business grew 7%
year-over-year and achieved record revenues of $366 million. While third quarter transaction revenues
declined slightly, they were more than offset by a 33% growth in our recurring revenues, which, at $143
million, once again exceeded the high end of our guidance range and accounted for nearly 40% of total
segment revenues.

Our outperformance relative to industry trends continues to be driven by increased customer adoption
of digital tools across the workflow. While these secular growth trends have been a clear tailwind for our
recurring revenues, there is also opportunity to drive accelerating adoption across our transaction-based
businesses such as our closing solutions, where revenue increased by 30% in the third quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

Looking to the fourth quarter guidance, we expect that recurring revenues will once again grow
sequentially and be in a range of $147 million to $152 million. At the midpoint, this represents growth of
approximately 25% year-over-year, which is on top of 20% growth achieved in last year's third quarter.

In summary, we once again had strong contributions from each of our businesses and across the asset
classes in which we operate. We delivered double-digit growth in revenue, operating income and earnings
per share. We also generated strong cash flows, reduced leverage to under 3.25x, announced the
divestment of our stake in Euroclear and successfully took back public on the NYSE. As we look to the
end of the year into 2022, we remain focused on meeting the needs of our customers, continuing to drive
growth and create value for our shareholders.

I'll now turn the call over to Ben.

Benjamin R. Jackson
President

Thank you, Warren, and thank you all for joining us this morning. Please turn to Slide 8.

Our strong third quarter results were driven in part by interest rate volatility, global energy supply
shortages and the continued adoption of our mortgage technology even amidst a decline in origination
volumes. But more importantly, underpinning that performance are long-term secular tailwinds that
will continue to drive growth across asset classes and macroeconomic environments. And with data and
technology at our core, we have strategically positioned the business to benefit from these tailwinds
across our platform.

In energy, the globalization of natural gas and the evolution to cleaner energy are trends that we began
investing in over a decade ago. And today, cleaner energy sources, including global natural gas and
environmentals, make up approximately 40% of our energy revenues and have grown 12% on average
over the past 5 years.

With the rise of LNG, natural gas markets are becoming more global in nature. In our European gas
benchmark, TTF is emerging as the global gas benchmark. Revenues in our TTF markets have grown 38%
on average over the last 5 years, including 84% growth in the third quarter.

The supply shortages and price volatility that we saw in the third quarter are a peek into the future of
what the energy transition could look like. Energy consumption is expected to double over the next 30
years, yet carbon emissions are expected to be reduced by half. This imbalance in supply and demand will
introduce additional complexity and volatility to energy markets, which will drive greater demand for our
risk management. Our global environmental markets, alongside our global oil, gas and power markets,
provide the critical price transparency across the energy spectrum that will enable participants to navigate
this evolution.

Complementary addition to the risk management that our technology provides is our growing suite of
associated data products. Leveraging our leading environmental markets, we built a suite of carbon
indices which allow global investors to access market-based carbon prices through a single investment
instrument. And today, there are a growing number of ETFs benchmarking to our carbon indices and
environmental markets.

Turning now to fixed income. The electronification of fixed income is a data-driven trend. We recognized
this in 2015 when we acquired IDC and continue to invest and innovate in data and technology to further
enable this trend. Our leading evaluated prices provide critical price transparency for nearly 3 million
securities daily. By combining our proprietary pricing data with our comprehensive reference data, we've
built innovative tools and analytics that will facilitate the continued electronification and automation of
the fixed income markets. Solutions like our continuous evaluated pricing, best execution and liquidity
indicators, for example, provide pre-trade transparency needed to determine fair value.

We also see the electronification of fixed income within the ETF ecosystem. Our quality pricing and
reference data, combined with 4 years of history, serves as the foundation of our growing index business.
We not only offer benchmark indices but also calculation services, analytics and unique solutions like our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

custom indices. By servicing the entire ETF ecosystem through data and technology, we've been able to
grow our index business double digits for the past 4 years.

And finally, turning to our mortgage business. In the third quarter, we were once again able to grow
our revenues even with industry volumes down double digits. This continued outperformance is a result
of executing against our strategy of leveraging our mission-critical technology and data expertise to
accelerate the analog-to-digital conversion happening in the industry. Part of that strategy is intentionally
shifting more business to recurring revenue, particularly within our origination technology and data and
analytics business. While we only recently began this transition, we've already seen strong client adoption.

Another opportunity that we're executing on today is in our closing solutions. The demand for automation
in the closing of a real estate transaction is increasing. We see this evidenced by the continued onboarding
of new customers to our electronic closing room and hybrid solution that we launched in the second
quarter.

This month, we further advanced the automation of our eClose solution, which can save lenders hundreds
of dollars per loan by leveraging additional technology and automation by adding eNote and eVault. Our
comprehensive offering and the efficiencies that it delivers positions us well to execute on what we believe
to be a $1 billion opportunity.

Within data and analytics, our AIQ solution leverages AI, machine learning and proprietary data from
our origination platform to automate the steps in the loan manufacturing process. This automation could
save lenders thousands of dollars per loan by reducing manufacturing time and complexity. Today, only a
fraction of Mortgage Technology customers take our AIQ solution, and we continue to have strong sales
success cross-selling to existing customers even if they're not on our loan origination system, including
one of the largest depositories in the U.S. And while still an early opportunity at under $100 million in
revenue today, the efficiencies that our data analytics provide position us well to continue executing
against what we think is a $4 billion opportunity.

Flywheel effect that our leading technology and data provides, combined with the cross-sell that our broad
connectivity offers, generates an array of opportunities for us to grow a business that at $1.4 billion today
is only a fraction of the $10 billion opportunity.

I'll now turn the call over to Jeff.

Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Ben, and thank you all for joining us this morning. Please turn to Slide 9.

The third quarter extends our track record of growth. We once again grew revenues, grew adjusted
operating income and grew adjusted earnings per share with strong growth from all business segments,
across asset classes and amidst a dynamic macro environment. These results are a testament to the
strength of our business model, positioning the company at the center of some of the largest markets
undergoing an analog-to-digital conversion and which together make ICE an all-weather name that
generates growth on top of growth.

The diversity of our platform positions us to benefit not only from near-term cyclical events but also
longer-term secular growth trends. We've expanded into new asset classes, grown our addressable
markets and broadened our expertise, making our network significant and providing the opportunity to
unlock additional growth by collaborating across businesses.

We recently announced another new product from the collaboration between ICE Data Services and
ICE Mortgage Technology called the ICE Rate Lock Indices. Leveraging anonymized and aggregated
data from ICE Mortgage Technology's leading origination platform, this suite of indices provides a more
comprehensive, accurate and timely reflection of residential mortgage rates. Building on this innovation,
like we've done in other asset classes, these indices provide an opportunity to create additional products
like rich analytics and better pricing tools for lenders.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

The opportunity to turn raw, unstructured data into actionable insights abounds across our business. By
taking alternative datasets and marrying them with our proprietary data, we've built solutions that offer
unique insights into the market.

Our climate analytics, for example, leverage our strength in the fixed income market with third-party
geospatial data to help market participants better manage climate risk as a part of their overall investing
and risk management processes. As ESG is increasingly becoming a component of investment portfolios,
our technology and data expertise positions us well to deliver solutions that meet these evolving customer
needs.

We have strategically assembled a portfolio to drive growth across asset classes and macro environments.
And part of this strategy is capturing value by thoughtfully repositioning businesses. This year alone, we
harvested our gain in Coinbase, announced an agreement to do the same with our stake in Euroclear and
unlocked Bakkt via our New York Stock Exchange listing. These transactions expose billions of dollars
in value creation and position us well to return capital to shareholders while continuing to invest for our
future growth. It's collaborative efforts, innovative solutions and strategic capital allocation like this that
have driven our growth for the past 20 years and which lay the foundation for continued growth well into
the future.

Before I end my prepared remarks, I'd like to thank our customers for their business and their trust in the
quarter. And I'd like to thank my colleagues at ICE for their contributions to the best third quarter in our
company's history, topped only by our record quarter earlier this year.
I'll now turn the call back to our moderator, Danae, to conduct a question-and-answer session, which will
run until 9:30 Eastern Time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The first question we have is from Rich Repetto from Piper Sandler.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Jeff, Warren, can you hear me?

Benjamin R. Jackson
President

Yes, you're coming through clear.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Sorry. So my one question, Jeff, is the Mortgage Technology business, I think, surprised a lot of people.
And when you zone in the closing -- and you addressed a fair amount of it in the prepared remarks, but
I'm just trying to understand the closing solutions and what are the new tools and trying to get better
insight. It looked like that segment of the Mortgage Tech grew 28% or $19 million in a market that, at
least incrementally, gets -- seemed to get softer.

Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Yes. Let me ask Ben to address that since he manages that business for us.

Benjamin R. Jackson
President

Thanks for the question. And in summary, when -- it's part of the thesis we had in doing the overall
deal, is that we saw a long-term secular trend here for people to want to automate and digitize the
mortgage process and continue to work on condensing the amount of time it takes to close on a real
estate transaction.

And if you look under the covers of that closing solutions business, this is a business that's going to be
very transaction oriented. A lot of the costs associated to it actually go on the actual closing statement of
the client themselves. So you're going to see that this is one of the businesses that's going to be heavily
transaction oriented.

And if you look at the components underneath it, they're really driving the growth. First part goes back
to an acquisition we did a number of years ago, which is the Simplifile business. This is a business that
electronic -- does the electronic recording at the county of all the closing documents associated to a real
estate transaction.

In this COVID environment, we saw a year ago the number of documents that were being recorded in the
counties moving more and more away from paper and towards digitization and using our rails to do so,
and we continue to see that. So Simplifile is an input into that growth.

The second component there is a business that we've talked about many times, which is a business called
MERS. We have a new bundled service offering there that takes a number of bespoke services that we had
within MERS. So the registration of the loan itself, the registration of an eNote, which we continue to see
eNotes being adopted more and more through the industry, as well as lifetime servicing transfers all being
-- we bundled that all into one complete offering for our clients.

And then the third area that we've talked about on prior calls is the launch of eClose, which was really
enabled by the combination of the expertise we have with MERS, Simplifile and the Ellie Mae business.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

And we combined that origination network that Ellie Mae has with the settlement agent network that the
Simplifile business has.

We've launched our eClose offering in the second quarter. We've enhanced that offering with our own
proprietary e-signing capabilities in the third quarter. And then just this month, we launched our own
proprietary eNote as part of our loan origination document set, as well as eVault. And we're continuing
to see customers adopt those solutions. I mentioned on the last call we had 55 customers going through
implementation. We now have 76 that are adopting it.

And as that continues to ramp, I see that as another area that's going to continue to fuel growth in the
closing line item, which is really enabling us to take a business that 12 months ago was a $200 million
business to now, if you look at the trailing 12 months, it's a $300 million business, continuing to go after
that $1 billion TAM that we outlined.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Very helpful. And I don't want to jinx you, Jeff, but you've got a lot of things going right at this time, it
appears.

Operator

The next question we have is from Ken Worthington from JPMorgan.

Kenneth Brooks Worthington
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

On Bakkt, that has had a good run here. And while ICE is a founder-owner, my impression is Bakkt seems
to be more of a financial than strategic investment at this point. I guess, maybe first, is that the correct
view? And if so, what is the intent for that investment? And how do you see the utilization or investment
of the proceeds given the significant value creation we've seen here even in recent weeks?

Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Yes. Well, first of all, and I think we'd like to position ourselves where there are analog-to-digital
conversions, and there's an analog-to-digital conversion going on in the wallet. When I was a kid, I had a
-- I carried around a leather wallet in my pocket, and children today may never own a leather wallet. And
so that analog-to-digital conversion is something that we wanted to be a part of.

I think we decided to create Bakkt as a separate brand and a separate entity because a lot of our investors
seem to not see the coalescence of institutional and retail coming together. As access has increased
through digital tools, you can see it in the U.S. equity markets, there's less distinction between a retail
order and an institutional order, for example. And so that same convergence is happening across all
businesses.

And we were a little bit concerned that our investor base wouldn't appreciate that we could both be an
institutional network provider and also a retail network provider. And so we decided to give the company
a separate brand. And it was -- we just didn't feel like it was being appreciated inside of ICE, and so we
decided to give it a separate capital structure on the New York Stock Exchange.

Other than that, Bakkt will be doing its own earnings calls now as a public company. I'm no longer on
the Board, and so I don't want to ever speak for the company going forward. But I will tell you that we
do believe there's value creation in analog-to-digital conversions, and we're trying to place value there
around the business. And that's part of why I see us as being an all-weather name that can grow on top of
growth.

We're locked up in the company as part of the IPO. We actually invested additionally as part of the spin.
And so we're very, very high on that company and want to give it every opportunity to demonstrate its
value to the market.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

Operator

The next question we have is from Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. Great. So maybe just come back to the mortgage side and the third quarter performance there.
Again, exceptionally strong. I appreciate the answer to Rich's question on that. But if you -- if, Ben, you
can talk about maybe parsing a little bit of the strong results between what you think are market share
gains versus a lot of the initial traction of the products that you mentioned and the take-up of those
products in the third quarter.

And I guess what I'm getting at is obviously, there's headwinds on origination and repurchase and in
refinance volumes. But should we be thinking of this third quarter as a pretty good base, especially in
closing solutions, to forecast from on the transactional side?

Benjamin R. Jackson
President

Thanks, Brian. I'll try to go through some of the components of what we saw that drove that growth.

And as we highlighted, the business grew double digits year-over-year -- or, sorry, so the business grew
7% year-over-year and with the backdrop of a decline in industry volumes being double digits. We also
grew the business 8% sequentially, if you look at it from second quarter to third quarter, against a volume
environment that industry estimates would have down double digits as well. And if you look at each of the
line items of what's happening there, you'll see that we outperformed not only in the aggregate but also in
each line item, what that transaction -- what that overall transaction environment was.

In the origination line item, what you see there that I outlined in the last quarter is that -- and it was in
our prepared remarks again today, is that part of our hypothesis in doing the deal is that we could take
certain parts of the revenue base here and move it more and more towards subscription and take some
of the volatility out of it. And the origination line item is one in particular that we are doing that with. And
we've only done that with a very small percentage of the customer base. The average client is a customer
and is under contract for 4 to 5 years. And we just started this year with a small percentage of the client
base. We've had a great pickup in customers being open to moving more towards subscription. So I see
we have a long runway of that.

The other thing that's going on in that origination line is we're continuing to add more customers. We're
gaining more market share. And as we implement those customers, those are new loans that are running
through our system, and we are getting some transaction volume that we never saw before that's
offsetting some of the headwinds that you'd see in that transaction environment.

The second line item, data and analytics, it's the exact same story. We're taking a business -- so this is
the automation of the underwrite process through our AI tools. This is a business that was almost 100%
transaction. Under the covers, we've been moving it more and more towards subscription. We're going to
continue to do so, and we're having incredible success cross-selling this to clients.

It does take a little bit longer to implement customers on this solution because you're automating and
deeply embedding your solutions into a very complicated workflow in each of these businesses as you're
automating underwriting processes. But we have a number of customers that are going live on the
platform that we've sold. We continue to have great sales success, and we have a number continuing to go
through implementations. So that's continuing to grow and offset any transaction issues you see there.

And then on the closing solution side, this is where I unpacked in the first question a lot of the new
innovation that we have, a lot of the changes that we made. Simplifile continues to gain market share
really versus paper. Our eClose solutions, our brand-new innovation that the industry hasn't seen before,
and each time a customer is subscribing, so whether it's using our eClosing room, they're using our
document set, they're using our eNote, they're using our vault, they can use either a component of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

those services or all of them. And each time they do that, we're getting incremental revenue on every
transaction that's using that. And it's all greenfield. And there's very little competition in this space
because of the unique position we've been in to build all this.

Operator

The next question we have is from Kyle Voigt from KBW.

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Great. If I could just follow up actually on the past -- the last question just regarding the move to
subscription on the origination side specifically. You said a small amount of those customers have migrated
to subscription. Can you help quantify that? Is that sub-10% of the customers? Or any numbers around
that?

And can you just talk about the pricing structure? Because I thought the recurring revenues on the
origination side previously were really just fee minimums on volumes. But it sounds like maybe this is a bit
different in terms of fee structure. So can you just kind of go over that and what the strategy is in terms
of migrating these customers?

Benjamin R. Jackson
President

So thanks, Kyle. So on the move to subscription, to answer the first part of how much of -- how many
of the customers have we done it with, it's well less than 10%. So it's a very small percentage of the
customer base that we've been able to do this with.

As you can imagine, now is a good time to actually be engaging with customers to make this transition
towards subscription because we're in a high-volume environment. Customers are -- in this high-volume
environment, they want to adopt more automation. They want to be able to continue to automate and be
as efficient as possible against any other competition. So they're continuing to add on more and more of
our services.

So when we go in and engage clients in this negotiation, we are willing to forgo some transaction revenue.
But we're not foregoing all of it. We're just making it very open in our algorithm around, hey, if we're
going to shift some to subscription, we are willing to give up some transaction, which is mostly the success
fees on those transactions that we get.

But we also remember the other transaction element that we do get is on our network. So any time a
loan is coming on to our network and ordering services from third parties for the automation that we're
providing there, we're collecting a fee for providing that benefit along those rails, and that fee will continue
as it is today.

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

And sorry, are those multiyear contracts with some sort of fee escalator in them? I'm just trying to
understand the, I guess, the leverage as you continue to gain market share on origination volume, et
cetera. I guess are you taking away some of the upside by moving to subscription? I guess how do you
view that balance?

Benjamin R. Jackson
President

Sure. So as I mentioned earlier in the commentary, the average customer's on 4-, 5-year agreements.
That's not changing. So you can -- and we just started this. So we just started doing this, this year, and
we only did it with a subset of the customers that were actually going through renewal to really see what
we learned in going through that and testing that our hypothesis, now theory, was right, and we've proven

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

that. So we have a long runway to do this and continue to feed more subscription revenue growth over
time.

In terms of are we taking away some of the upside, well, the way I see it is we're taking away some of
the volatility in that line item. And where our upside is, is there's still a ton of new innovation that we're
introducing to the marketplace between the eClose offerings that we have that we've launched, between
the automation of the underwrite and all the analyzers that we've been talking about on prior calls that
we've been introducing to the marketplace. This is all brand-new innovation that is going to continue to
drive transaction revenue growth in parallel to reducing the volatility and risk in some of the line items
that we have like origination and data analytics.

Operator

The next question we have is from Dan Fannon from Jefferies.

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

So I wanted to just talk about kind of capital allocation now that you've reached your targets and
resuming the buyback. I was curious about kind of next year and kind of interim time period with the idea
around M&A still being part of your strategy versus buybacks and kind of the capital allocation priorities
here in the near term or kind of the next -- kind of start of next year as well.

Warren Gardiner
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thanks, Dan. It's Warren. So right. So yes, we -- at the end of the third quarter, we got to under
3.25x. That was kind of our target to resume share buybacks that we set when we announced the Ellie
Mae deal back in August of last year. And so we'll start about -- up to about $250 million this quarter.

I think about that kind of being more of a partial buyback because we do still need to get to 3x eventually,
and I think we're well on our way there. But -- so we'll do a bit of a balance paydown of debt alongside
these repurchases over the next quarter or so.

But I think once -- thinking about next year, nothing's really changed in terms of capital return philosophy.
I mean it's the same -- it's going to be the same thing as pre-Ellie Mae where it's return all capital to
shareholders that we don't need for investment or M&A to shareholders through buybacks and dividends.
So I think you should expect us to be thinking about it that way.

And the only thing really that has changed here is that we've continued to grow free cash flow organically
and then, of course, added Ellie Mae, which, as you obviously heard today and in the last couple of
quarters, seen that it's performing very well. So those would be the things that I'd be thinking about as
you're kind of thinking about next year in capital return at the moment.

Right now, we're kind of going through the 2022 budget process. So as we start to refine that, we'll be
able to kind of give you guys a bit of an update in the next couple of quarters. So...

Operator

The next question we have is from Chris Allen from Compass Point.

Christopher John Allen
Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division

I wonder if we could get some more incremental color on the energy business. I appreciate the kind
of long-term outlook. Maybe how you think about the business near term, the potential for the current
environment to persist. Any color just in terms of the health of the customer base, whether you're seeing
new customers coming in? And maybe just on the LNG global opportunity, where you're seeing the biggest
sources of uptake from a regional perspective.

Benjamin R. Jackson

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

President

Thanks, Chris. So when you look at our energy business, and we had talked about this on several calls,
one of the things, I think, that's come to light through this is that we are very different than any of
the peers that are out there in that we've developed very deep, liquid markets across the energy class
spectrum. So whether it's coal, oil, gas, power, environmentals, we've invested heavily across that
entire spectrum to give our customers the tools they need to manage what we saw as a secular trend
more than a decade ago of people moving towards cleaner fossil fuels, such as natural gas, and towards
environmental markets, carbon offset markets, compliance markets and the like.

Made several acquisitions, Climate Exchange 10 years ago. We've been building out our global natural
gas suite. And we have now a business that's substantially different than any of our peers'. We continue
to invest, as we talked about in prior quarters, our oil business, which is doing extraordinarily well, with
investments that we made in the launch of our Murban contract at ICE Futures Abu Dhabi. We have a
new contract in the Gulf Coast that's launching in the beginning of next year in partnership with several
big physical players. And we're in the middle of a Brent consultation where Midland WTI may be added
into the Brent basket. So you have a whole bunch of dynamics going on across this, and it's because
customers know they need to manage their risk through this transition.

And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, I think the environment that you've just seen, you've got
a peek into what it's going to be for a long, long time. This energy transition is going to be very volatile.
Everyone sees the secular trend where investments are pouring into renewable projects, and projects such
as coal are not getting invested in.

And the fact is, any energy supply source, I don't care what it is, is susceptible to supply chain events,
weather events, for example. If you have wind turbines and the wind is not blowing, it's not really easy to
transition back to a coal-fired plant to get power back on the grid.

So I foresee that we're in for a long ride of volatility. And now more than ever, the exchanges and the risk
management tools that we provide are extraordinarily valuable to our clients, and it's important to us that
we continue to engage with them as much as we ever have to continue to innovate.

Operator

The next question we have is from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I was hoping maybe we could zoom out for a second. You guys provided a lot of details around the
new segments. But if you look at ICE today, 50% of revenues comes from sort of recurring sustainable
business. It's grown at 10% for the last couple of quarters organically, and your guidance for Q4 implies
about a 10% growth as well. So maybe just walk us through how you think about sustainability of that
recurring revenue base and the growth algorithm that we could think about here on a multiyear basis.

Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Yes, it's a great question. And I think the one takeaway you should have is that, that has been an
intentional evolution on behalf of the management team. We have been -- we started the company really
being highly transaction oriented and have always wanted to have a bigger recurring, growing base that
we can rely on.

Part of our thinking of becoming an all-weather name is finding these analog-to-digital market conversions
but also creating a portfolio of businesses that we operate that are durable in different environments. We
really wanted to get into the mortgage space and really worked for over 10 years to put ourselves in that
space because it benefits from a low interest rate environment, generally speaking.

We have other businesses like our interest rate futures and, to a certain degree, inflation-oriented
products like commodities that tend to do better in high interest rate environments. And so from a

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

transaction standpoint, we wanted to be durable. We want to grow on top of growth and not be a name
where people pile in when interest rates are going up and pile out when interest rates are going down.

And so the more that we feel like we can lock into growing and recurring revenue, it gives investors a
basis to know that we're going to continue to pay a dividend, that we're going to have capital to reinvest
in the business. And then if we can have transaction businesses that, regardless of macro environment,
can do well, it just feels like a company that an investor should own.

And that has been the strategy that we've [ relayed ] here for how many years now, and it's finally coming
to fruition. And the mortgage business, as Ben has mentioned, we've tasked our colleagues with let's try
to really build a durable subscription underpinning to a business that also has really interesting transaction
opportunities because of changes in technology. And the same thing in emissions and in liquefied natural
gas. I know you and I have talked for years about our thesis that the natural gas market would globalize
and that there would be global benchmarks, not regional benchmarks.

And so a lot of these metrics that you see in your economic model have been incredibly intentional on our
part over a long period of time. And it's great that in this quarter, as was mentioned earlier, everything
came together at one time.

Operator

The next question we have is from Alex Kramm from UBS.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Just one quick follow-up on the mortgage side again. A lot of good qualitative detail, but I think what's
missing a little bit is some more quantitative updates here. And I guess -- I know you don't give us any
sort of numbers of mortgages that go in through your system a quarter. I know a lot of investors are
asking for that. But in the absence of that, given that you're talking about a kind of like upsell, revenue
upsell story, maybe you can at least help us how much your revenue per mortgage has been changing
over the last year or 2. I mean, again, like if you're upselling, I guess, that revenue per mortgage should
go up. So maybe some numbers you can put around that.

And if you can decompose a little bit between pricing and certain new services, that would be very helpful,
too. So hopefully, you can give us a little something here.

Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Yes, Alex, there's a lot in that question. What I'll -- one area I can unpack here is when you dig into that,
what's leading to our subscription growth. So that's one of the areas of our thesis, is that we could move
more and more towards subscription in certain parts of the business.

And if you look at the components of what's fueling that, one is the very deliberate, as customers are
renewing, moving more and more towards subscription in the origination and the data and analytics line.
That's one component.

Second is new sales. And this is about market share gains. So we continue to have a lot of success in
continuing to add new customers on to our platform or -- and cross-selling services to our existing clients
is really the third. So in that cross-selling, the way to think about it, there's opportunities for us to expand
the footprint with our clients, with the existing services that they have. We have clients that are using us
on, for example, the loan origination side and the correspondent channel, moving to add the retail channel
on to that, adding services like our Maven compliance service or our AllRegs offering. All of those are
heavily subscription oriented, so we have a concerted effort to cross-sell.

And then the fourth is price. And our algorithm when we did the deal and our hypothesis is that on the
subscription revenue growth, which is a big component of what we think is required to really hit that 8%
to 10% long-term guide, that over that long period of time, each of those elements, the renewals, new
sales, cross-selling and price, it'll be pretty much an equal distribution across those 3 that you'll see over

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

a long period of time is what's going to fuel that sustained subscription growth. So that's the area I'd
highlight.

On the transaction area, I mentioned a whole bunch of the new products that we're rolling out, which we
believe has an opportunity to continue to grow transaction revenue as well and offset declines that you
see in industry environments.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. But on a historical basis, the revenue per mortgage going through your system should be up, right,
I mean, just thematically or not? So to come back to the question.

Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Can you repeat the question? We didn't follow it.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Sorry. So -- but to come back to my original question, if I look at a historical basis, the revenue per
mortgage going to your system should have gone up over last year or so. I mean I assume, again, if you
don't have any quantitative, right -- but like directionally, given that you're adding services, it should be
up, correct? Or you're not looking at it like that.

Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Founder, Chairman & CEO

We don't necessarily look at it like that. But anecdotally, I'd say yes.

Benjamin R. Jackson
President

Yes.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Yes, that was our final question. This concludes our question-and-answer session.
I would now like to turn the conference over back to Jeff Sprecher for any closing remarks.

Jeffrey C. Sprecher
Founder, Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Danae. And thank you all for joining us this morning. We look forward to continuing to discuss
our all-weather strategies with you as our world economy continues to evolve. And with that, I hope you
have a great day.

Operator
Thank you. This conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

