Intuitive Surgical, Inc. NasdaqGS:ISRG
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, January 21, 2021 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.05

2.77

Revenue  (mm)

966.81

1077.70

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-20-2021 4:50 PM GMT

35.12

11.47

3.11

9.73

13.32

1252.93

4288.85

5005.17

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

3.38

2.54

0.49

2.05

3.48

2.69

1.11

2.77

2.96 %

5.91 %

126.53 %

35.12 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

Philip Kim

ANALYSTS

Amit Hazan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Richard S. Newitter
SVB Leerink LLC, Research
Division

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding, and welcome to the Intuitive Fourth Quarter
of 2020 Earnings Release. [Operator Instructions] Just a brief reminder, today's conference is being
recorded.

Now happy to turn the conference over to Head of Investor Relations, Philip Kim.

Philip Kim

Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuitive's fourth quarter earnings conference call. With me today, we
have Gary Guthart, our CEO; and Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer.

Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to
contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied
as a result of certain risks or uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in our
Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our most recent Form 10-K filed on February 7,
2020, and Form 10-Q filed on October 19, 2020. Our SEC filings can be found through our website or at
the SEC's website.

Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Please note that
this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitive.com on the Latest Events
section under our Investor Relations page. Today's press release and supplementary financial data tables
have been posted to our website.

Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of our fourth quarter results as described in our
press release announced earlier today, followed by a question-and-answer session. Gary will present the
quarter's business and operational highlights. Marshall will provide a review of our financial results. Then I
will discuss procedure and clinical highlights. And finally, we will host a question-and-answer session.

With that, I will turn it over to Gary.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Thank you for joining us today. Our fourth quarter capped a year in which the pandemic challenged
our customers and our business. It highlighted some core strengths for the company, introduced some
obstacles to overcome and triggered some changes for us.

To put the year and quarter in context, let me first review some of the numbers. Procedures grew 6%
year-over-year for the fourth quarter and 1% for the full year over 2019, resulting in approximately 1.25
million procedures in 2020. We placed 326 systems in the quarter, down from 336 systems in Q4 of 2019.
For the full year, we placed 936 systems in 2020, down from 1,119 systems in 2019. Finally, revenue fell
3% in 2020 as the result of delays in surgical procedures as hospitals focused on treating COVID patients.

Digging a little deeper, our core business remains healthy. After the first surge of COVID abated during
this past summer, our customers returned to more routine use of our systems and solutions. We
believe that the Intuitive ecosystem enabled increased access to and practice of high-quality minimally
invasive surgery, which may have helped hospitals conserve valuable intensive care resources during the
pandemic.

Despite pressure on utilization of our systems due to COVID, our hospital customers continue to invest
in building their Intuitive's robotics programs with additional systems, evidenced by a 7% increase in
the clinical installed base in 2020. We saw committed customers strengthening their programs, likely
due to their analysis of how well the Intuitive ecosystem satisfied their quadruple aim objectives, better
outcomes, better care team experiences, better patient experiences and lower total cost to treat per

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

patient episode. Lastly, we believe our investments in our analytics programs have helped customers
routinely analyze their performance, supporting their programmatic insights in the year.

Our confidence in our core business and our long-term opportunity remains robust. In spite of near term
uncertainty, which is as follows: first, the pandemic is resurgent in many regions, powered now by more
contagious variants. While hospitals have better protocols to manage patients today than they did earlier
in 2020, our weekly surgical data in December 2020 and continuing today shows another clamp down on
surgeries.

Furthermore, we believe diagnostic procedures are slowing in hard-hit regions. With diagnostic procedures
running significantly below pre-pandemic levels, patients and hospitals will acutely feel the impact through
disease progression and the more complex therapies necessary when patients do return for care. This
delay in diagnostic pipelines will likely take several quarters to resolve, even after the threat of COVID
begins to abate.

Second, we know that future of new capital installs are highly sensitive to utilization rates. Delayed
surgeries will also impact the growth of surgical departments, pressuring new system installs until excess
capacity is consumed. Third, in countries where the government pays the health care bill, budget strain
and economic fallout from COVID may impact health care spending in new and variable ways in different
countries.

Lastly, the trend that started prior to the pandemic for increased data requirements and longer clearance
time lines from regulators in the United States and Europe for our industry has continued this year. Taken
together, these obstacles make predictions for the next several quarters difficult.

As I mentioned earlier, 2020 has broadly eliminated some longer-term trends in health care that validate
our thesis. The increased pressure on health care systems to conserve acute care resources for the
sickest patients may have accelerated investments that enable patients to get the care they need with
fast recovery, minimizing consumption of scarce hospital resources and reducing complications. The
compounding value of analyzing real-time data and offline health care data to drive insights, to drive
better care has become obvious this year. Lastly, we saw an acceleration of remote technology used to
enable proctoring, learning and analysis.

I've heard it said that in good times, we develop ourselves to become who we want to be while hard
times reveal who we really are. In the year, we set our priorities based on our values. We implemented
community relief and customer relief, launched our extended use instruments program, mobilized local
and remote training resources to support customers differently and continued to listen carefully to our
customers to best understand their needs. We've seen positive customer response to this approach, which
is reflected in our Net Promoter Score. You can find more information on these scores in our JPMorgan
Healthcare Conference presentation from this month posted on our website.

Over the past several years, we've been building our capabilities in different countries to better serve their
health care systems. I'd like to take a moment to take you through how we performed outside the United
States in the year.

Turning first to Asia. Our business in Japan is moving beyond urology, given reimbursements for a broad
slate of procedures obtained in Japan in 2018 and 2020. Government hospitals in Japan have been
conserving resources for COVID care, and the pandemic has introduced noticeable delays as the health
care system reacts to outbreaks.

In Korea, our business continues to be dynamic with an innovation-oriented customer group adopting new
products like our da Vinci SP. In China, we saw accelerated customer acceptance of our partnership with
Fosun Pharma and our products, with growth in procedures and the business overall outpacing our pre-
pandemic plans. In 2020, China emerged as our #2 procedure market.

Turning to Europe. Our team in Germany has had success in engaging larger German hospital groups with
increased system placements broadening our market access. Constraints on elective surgery have been
implemented assertively in Germany in light of COVID.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

In Germany, France, U.K., Italy and the Nordics, our goals have been to broaden da Vinci use beyond
Urology. Progress therein has been hampered significantly by COVID. Lastly, we see relatively low public
sector reimbursements in Europe for benign procedures. Innovations from Intuitive like da Vinci S and our
extended use instruments are providing an option for more price-sensitive customers in these markets.

With regard to our innovation and product engines, we spent time walking through our progress at the
JPMorgan Healthcare Conference this month and our presentation is available online at our website,
intuitive.com. I'd recommend to the interested listener a review of those materials for greater insight into
our progress.

Summarizing briefly here, we're making good progress in advancing many elements of our ecosystem,
including our advanced instruments, deepening our imaging and informatics programs, including our
augmented reality program, Iris, and extending the launches of our new platforms. We grew the installed
base in procedures for our single-port platform, da Vinci SP. We're focused on advancing clinical indications
for SP in several regions as well as extending its instrument and accessory portfolio.

For our flexible robotics platform, Ion, we saw strong clinical results and demand in the year but met
manufacturing and supply performance challenges in the fourth quarter as catheter demand outpaced
our forecasting models, and the need for important quality improvement implementations and COVID
quarantines hampered our production. We are currently shipping Ion product and expect to meet the
demand curve in the first half of 2021.

Before Marshall takes you through our finances in detail, I'd like to touch on our financial strategy. Our
operating model withstood the strains of 2020 well, starting with our decision several years ago to shift to
greater flexibility in system placement models, the incorporation of sales, leasing and risk-shared models
allowed us to meet customers' needs during a disruptive time.

Our investments in advanced instruments, including stapling and energy have been fruitful with growing
revenues, improving margins and growing customer appreciation for advanced instruments. We've been
investing capital in our manufacturing methods to increase quality and lower our costs, which in turn has
allowed us to extend savings to our customers to allow them greater flexibility and deploying our products
in more cost-sensitive environments. This has triggered a virtuous cycle that allows us greater volume,
which in turn gives us greater ability to invest in higher volume processes. We'll continue to invest in this
cycle going forward.

We believe we are still in the early innings of a long opportunity to substantially improve the quadruple
aim in acute medical interventions using robotics, computing, advanced imaging and informatics. As a
result, we continue to invest in our innovation engines to create and pursue these opportunities.

In closing, our priorities for 2021 are as follows: first, we'll support our customers' recovery of surgery
during and post-pandemic; second, we'll focus on outstanding regional performance; third, we'll advance
our priority programs and launches, SP, Ion, imaging and analytics, including new indications; and finally,
continued expansion of clinical, economic and analytical evidence base for key procedures and countries.

I'll now turn the call over to Marshall, who will take you through financial matters in greater detail.

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

Good afternoon. I will describe the highlights of our performance on a non-GAAP or pro forma basis. I
will also summarize our GAAP performance later in my prepared remarks. A reconciliation between our
pro forma and GAAP results is posted on our website. Revenue and procedures are consistent with our
preliminary press release of January 13.

Key business metrics for the fourth quarter were as follows: fourth quarter 2020 procedures increased
approximately 6% compared with the fourth quarter of 2019 and increased approximately 10% compared
with last quarter. Fourth quarter system placements of 326 systems decreased 3% compared with
336 systems last year and increased 67% compared with 195 systems last quarter. We expanded our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

installed base of da Vinci Systems over last year by 7% to approximately 5,989 systems. This growth rate
compares with 8% in the last quarter and 12% last year.

Utilization of clinical systems in the field, measured by procedures per system, declined approximately 2%
compared with last year and increased 8% compared with last quarter. The impact of COVID on da Vinci
procedures vary by region. Resurgence of COVID in parts of Europe had significant impacts on procedures,
including in Italy, U.K., Nordics and France. While the impact of COVID on procedures in the Asia Pacific
region, including China, Japan and Korea, was far less significant.

In the U.S., fourth quarter procedure growth was impacted by the COVID resurgence, resulting in 5%
year-over-year growth compared to 7% growth in the third quarter. The resurgence in U.S. and Europe
was more acute and had a greater impact on procedures late in the quarter, a trend that continued into
January.

The impact of a resurgence can be significant. For example, in California, the fourth quarter COVID
resurgence turned a year-over-year da Vinci procedure growth in October of 8% to a year-over-year
decline of 6% in December.

We also believe that reduced diagnosis reflecting patient concern over COVID exposure has impacted
certain procedures globally. This has had its most pronounced effect on prostatectomies.

Despite the fact that hospitals are better equipped to handle COVID patients today compared to the outset
of the pandemic, COVID-19 resurgences like those currently being experienced in parts of Europe and
the U.S. have challenged hospital care capabilities and have negatively impacted da Vinci procedures. In
addition, delays in diagnosis and treatment of underlying conditions will also continue to negatively impact
da Vinci procedures.

Uncertainties in this COVID environment are not predictable, and the vaccine rollout and its impact
on controlling COVID spread is also not predictable. Given these uncertainties, we are not providing
procedure guidance at this time. Philip will provide additional procedure commentary later in this call.

Fourth quarter capital placements exceeded our expectations, reflecting several factors. In certain
cases, hospitals exhausted 2020 budgets and spend capacities. And in some cases, hospitals purchased
systems in preparation for post-pandemic environment. We also experienced a higher level of trade-ins
of SI systems for fourth generation systems, reflecting hospital desire to standardize fleet and to avail
themselves to fourth generation technology of lower cost extended use instruments.

Looking forward, we see the following capital revenue headwinds. Utilization declined 2% year-over-
year, resulting in excess system capacity at hospitals. We expect customers to fill existing system
capacity before purchasing additional capital. Some of the fourth quarter capital placements reflected
hospitals exhausting 2020 budgets. As budgets reset for 2021, hospitals could reduce their capital spend,
particularly as COVID strains hospital profitability.

We expect leasing to continue to increase as a percentage of overall placements. Macroeconomic
conditions created by COVID could also impact hospital capital spending. And as we face competition in
various markets, we may experience longer selling cycles and price pressures.

Additional revenue statistics and trends are as follows: total fourth quarter revenue was $1.329 billion,
representing a 4% increase from last year and a 23% increase from last quarter. Fourth quarter revenue
benefited from U.S. customer stocking of extended use instruments and higher-than-expected system
placements.

Leasing represented 37% of current quarter placements compared with 35% last quarter. Fourth quarter
placements included some larger IDN transactions where the IDN prefers purchase transactions. Excluding
those transactions, leasing as a percentage of total placements would have been several percentage points
higher. In an environment of COVID-19 as economic pressures increase, we anticipate more customers will
seek leasing or alternative financing arrangements than reflected in historical run rates.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Approximately half of the systems placed in the fourth quarter involve trade-ins, which is higher than the
40% last quarter and higher than the average over the last couple of years. Trade-in activity can fluctuate
and be difficult to predict.

Fourth quarter average selling prices declined to $1.43 million from $1.61 million last year and $1.55
million in the third quarter. The decrease relative to last year reflects a lower mix of systems placed in
China and Japan and a higher proportion of trade transactions. The decrease relative to last quarter
reflects a higher proportion of trade-in transactions and a higher mix of indirect market placements.

We recognized $14 million of lease buyout revenue in the fourth quarter compared with $17 million last
quarter and $34 million last year. Lease buyout revenue has varied significantly quarter-to-quarter and will
likely continue to do so.

Instrument and accessory revenue per procedure increased to approximately $2,060 per procedure
compared with $1,910 per procedure in the third quarter of 2020 and $1,980 realized in the fourth quarter
of last year.

The entirety of the increase compared to the third quarter reflects U.S. hospital stocking extended use
instruments. We launched extended use instruments early in the quarter in the U.S. and mid-quarter
in Europe. We will launch extended use instruments in other markets in 2021 and 2022, depending on
regulatory requirements.

Going forward, we expect customers to adjust their instrument buying patterns and reduce their inventory
levels to reflect the additional uses per instrument. In addition, extended use instruments and lower
instrument pricing will result in lower I&A revenue per procedure to Intuitive.

The impact and timing of customer buying patterns and lower per-use revenue will likely begin to impact
revenues in the first quarter but will depend on customer inventory practices and procedure volumes.
While we expect price elasticity associated with extended use instruments to enable greater penetration
into available markets, that benefit will be delayed by COVID and, otherwise, will take time.

12 of the systems placed in the fourth quarter were SP systems, reflecting continued measured rollout
of SP and the impact of COVID-19. Our installed base of SP systems is now 69: 8 in Korea and 61 in the
U.S. Our rollout of the SP surgical system will continue to be measured, putting systems in the hands of
experienced da Vinci users, while we pursue additional indications and optimize training pathways in our
supply chain. We expect to initiate first cases associated with a U.S. colorectal clinical trial this quarter.

We placed 4 Ion systems in the quarter, beginning -- bringing the installed base to 36 systems. Ion
system placements and procedures are excluded from our overall system and procedure counts. Ion
system placements were affected by supply chain issues described by Gary earlier in the call. We expect
to remediate these supply issues in the first half of 2021. Our rollout of Ion will continue to be measured
while we optimize training pathways in our supply chain. Procedures under the PRECISE study are
expected to complete in the second quarter of 2021.

Outside the U.S., we placed 130 systems in the fourth quarter compared with 140 in the fourth quarter
of 2019 and 79 systems last quarter. Current quarter system placements included 54 into Europe, 22 into
Japan and 13 into China compared with 54 into Europe, 26 into Japan and 39 into China in the fourth
quarter of 2019. System placements into China in the fourth quarter of 2019 were higher as hospitals
accelerated tenders in anticipation of the possibility of higher tariffs.

Moving on to gross margin and operating expenses. Pro forma gross margin for the fourth quarter of
2020 was 69.7% compared with 72.2% for the fourth quarter 2019 and 70.2% last quarter. The fourth
quarter of 2020 included higher period costs associated with lower production and higher excess and
obsolete inventory charges. The decrease relative to the fourth quarter of 2019 reflects higher period costs
associated with lower production, higher excess and obsolete inventory charges and lower system ASPs.

As revenues are pressured by COVID-19, production levels may operate at below normal levels, which
may result in higher labor costs and under-absorbed overhead and reduced product margins. In addition,
product and customer mix fluctuate quarter-to-quarter and could cause fluctuations in gross margins.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Pro forma operating expenses decreased 6% compared with the fourth quarter of 2019 and increased
11% compared with the third quarter of 2020. The fourth quarter of 2020 includes a $25 million
contribution to the Intuitive Foundation compared with a $5 million contribution in the fourth quarter of
2019 and no contribution last quarter.

Fourth quarter operating expenses continued to reflect reduced spending on activities directly impacted
by COVID-19, including marketing events, travel and in-person training as well as lower variable
compensation. These costs will naturally increase as the impact of COVID declines.

We continue to believe we have a unique opportunity to expand the benefits of computer-aided surgery
and acute interventions around the world, and we'll continue to invest in the business for the long
term. During this period of COVID, we continue to invest in product development activities, including
informatics, advanced imaging, advanced instruments and our Ion and SP platforms. Accordingly, you
should expect the growth rate of R&D expenses in 2021 to significantly exceed the 2020 growth rate. We
expect the growth rate of SG&A expenses to also increase significantly in 2021 compared to 2020.

SG&A spending can be categorized as follows: investments in OUS markets will increase over 2020 spend
as we expand our capabilities and investment in clinical data. Variable compensation will increase over
2020 as we reset goals and targets. Core spending on resources and infrastructure will increase over 2020
to prepare for a post-COVID environment. Spend on activities impacted by COVID like travel, marketing
events and in-person training will increase as the impact of COVID declines.

Our pro forma effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 20.7% compared with our expectations of
20% to 21%, primarily reflecting the geographic mix of income. Our actual tax rate will fluctuate with
changes in the geographic mix of income, changes in taxation made by local authorities and with the
impact of onetime items. Our fourth quarter 2020 pro forma net income was $436 million or $3.58 per
share compared with $426 million or $3.48 per share for the fourth quarter of 2019 and $341 million or
$2.77 per share for last quarter.

I will now summarize our GAAP results. GAAP net income was $364 million or $3.02 per share for the
fourth quarter of 2020 compared with GAAP net income of $363 million or $2.99 per share for the fourth
quarter of 2019 and GAAP net income of $317 million or $2.60 per share for last quarter. The adjustments
between pro forma and GAAP net income are outlined and quantified on our website and include excess
tax benefits associated with employee stock awards, employee stock-based compensation and IP charges,
amortization of intangibles and acquisition-related items and legal settlements.

GAAP net income for the fourth quarter and third quarters of 2020 also included pretax gains of $4.7
million and $61.7 million on our investments in private entities, resulting from our purchases of certain
technologies. The EPS impact of these gains net of tax was $0.03 per share in the fourth quarter and
$0.39 per share in the third quarter. These gains are excluded from our pro forma results.

We ended the quarter with cash and investments of $6.9 billion compared with $6.4 billion at September
30, 2020 and $5.8 billion at December 31, 2019. The increase in cash in the fourth quarter reflected cash
from operations, a reduction in inventory and overall working capital and stock exercises. We repurchased
$34 million of shares in the quarter with an average price of -- at an average price of $661.10 per share.

And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Philip, who will go over our procedure performance.

Philip Kim

Thank you, Marshall. Our overall fourth quarter procedure growth was 6% compared to 19% growth
during the fourth quarter of 2019 and 7% growth last quarter. Our Q4 procedure growth was driven by
5% growth in the U.S. and 11% growth OUS. Resurgences of COVID in the U.S. and Europe impacted
our growth rates in the quarter, and we saw procedure growth rates decline as the quarter progressed,
particularly late in the quarter.

With respect to key contributors to growth, overall procedures in China and bariatrics in the U.S. were
the largest drivers of procedure growth in Q4. In the U.S., within General Surgery, bariatric, cole and
hernia were the largest contributors to procedure growth within the quarter. Bariatrics may be benefiting

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

from certain patients prioritizing weight loss as obesity is a significant COVID risk factor. In addition, we
continue to receive positive reviews of our short-form 60 stapler, which provides surgeons an optimized
robotic toolset and feedback for bariatric procedures.

In China, procedure growth accelerated as new systems installed under the quota began to provide
additional capacity for incremental growth. Q4 China procedures had broad-based growth in urology,
thoracic, general surgery and gynecology.

With respect to our more mature procedure categories in the U.S., Q4 gynecology procedure growth
was up, reflecting growth in cancer procedures, partially offset by declines in benign procedures. On a
worldwide basis, dVP procedures in the fourth quarter declined year-over-year and had similar trends as
we described last quarter. COVID is impacting the diagnostic and patient pipeline related to dVP.

Now turning to the clinical side of our business. Each quarter on these calls, we highlight certain recently
published studies that we deem to be notable. However, to gain a more complete understanding of the
body of evidence, we encourage all stakeholders to thoroughly review the extensive detail of scientific
studies that have been published over the years.

Dr. Clark A. Wilson and Jihad Kaouk from the Cleveland Clinic and colleagues in a paper published in
neurology described their experience evaluating robotic-assisted radical prostatectomy with da Vinci SP
through an extraperitoneal approach and enhanced recovery protocol for same-day surgery. 60 subjects
with organ-confined disease underwent an SP procedure with no patients requiring conversion to another
approach.

Median length of stay for all patients was 4.2 hours. 75% of all patients enrolled were discharged on the
day of surgery and 96% of patients discharged within 24 hours, when excluding those either with surgery
after 6:00 p.m or with preplanned admissions due to patient preference or significant comorbidities.

The authors concluded a robotic-assisted radical prostatectomy with the da Vinci SP system and
extraperitoneal approach can be performed safely and reproducibly as the same-day surgery. This
publication adds to the number of early studies around the emerging SP technology, demonstrating
encouraging results within robotic-assisted radical prostatectomy as a same-day surgery and acceptable,
very operative, functional and short-term oncological outcomes in the hands of experienced surgeons for
the appropriate patients. We look forward to the growth of the body of evidence around da Vinci SP.

Lastly, we'd like to highlight that our second annual sustainability report will be available after the call on
our Investor Relations website.
That concludes our prepared comments. We will now open the call to your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] First, we go to the line of Amit Hazan with Goldman Sachs.

Amit Hazan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I thought maybe I'd first go to your comments, in general, on hospital capital spending and maybe try to
reconcile some of them. I think if you go back to last week, you cited hospitals with 7-plus systems were
up strongly. And here, you're still citing lower utilization as the key headwind.

And so I'm just wondering, are you otherwise seeing a skewing towards newer customers And just trying
to get my hands around, I have to imagine it's complicated and hospital systems are different, but how
much more color you can provide around kind of some of these different data points that you've provided?

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think that -- go ahead.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Why don't I jump in, Marshall, and then I'll kick it back to you. Amit, thanks for the question. We were
talking about earlier in the month here. We think there's some budget flushing that happened at the end
of 2020.

How strong that will be into 2021? Did they pull forward spending that would otherwise normally have
been in '21? Hard to say.

Having said that, if you look at where we were winning relative to other priorities, even if there is some
budget pull forward, large customers were -- that already had robotics programs were expressing
confidence with us, which we think is a positive.

The caution we're sending you now in this call is just that, over time, there'll be an equilibration, which is
there is some excess capacity in the field because COVID is suppressing procedures.

And at some point, COVID will lift and that capacity will be absorbed. Some folks will invest ahead, getting
ready and being able to work on backlog and others will be conservative and wait till they consume that
capacity. Forecasting that is hard. And so that's how we're trying to help you navigate through this.

But Marshall, please clean up anything that you need to do in that answer.

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

No, you hit it perfectly.

Amit Hazan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And as my follow-up, and separate on data and digital engagements to date. Again, kind of going
off of a comment you made last week just hospital analytics and you talked about the 350 hospitals, 690
engagements. I'm just wondering how much more color you can give on that in terms of how much of that
is that programmatic variety that you talked about that won't necessarily be monetized versus something
that could either improve outcomes or reduce costs and potentially be monetized. Just any color around
those early engagements would be helpful.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks for the question. When we're talking about what we shared with you in the talk at JPMorgan,
most of that is programmatic analysis. And it's not so much something that we think is going to be
revenue-generating directly. We think that it illuminates the value of our ecosystem and strong da Vinci
programs, and that is a benefit to us.

It increases the stick rate. It allows people to see in a verifiable way within their own data sets, the value
they're bringing. It gives them action plans to find opportunity for standardization and other kinds of
efficiency improvements, so it's of high value to the customer and high value to us.

Some of the other things that we've shared with you, for example, Iris, those things are something that
we'll collect revenue for. They probably won't become huge revenue arms in and of themselves, but they
bring value on a per-case basis, and it's something that we can talk to the customer about in terms of
value creation there. They also strengthen the ecosystem.

So I think for shareholders who are asking the question, "Hey, when does informatics and machine
learning create a revenue arm of its own?" I'm not sure that's the right question. I think that analytics and
informatics power the ecosystem as a whole. We're pretty agnostic as to how we get paid for that. If we
get paid for that through increased utilization, wonderful. That works great. We look at the cost to develop
those programs and kind of overall their contribution to our financial health. But we don't have to charge
for them individually if that's not how a customer wants to pay for it.

Let me turn it to you, Marshall, and any color you want to add.

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

No, I think that's right. I think that we look at it as the opportunity to increase the ecosystem and to
expand our base and/or accelerate adoption.

Operator

Next, we have the line of David Lewis of Morgan Stanley.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Marshall, I appreciate we don't have guidance and I appreciate your commentary on spending levels for
'21, but as I'm sure you appreciate without revenue figures, those are kind of hard numbers to put in
context. So I was wondering if you could help us out a little bit more. I mean is the right messaging here
that OpEx growth in '21 is going to go faster than whatever the sales growth rate is?

Or ask the -- kind of same question a different way. I mean SG&A for the last several years has grown
in line with revenue and R&D has grown kind of 2x revenue growth rates. Are those the type of -- any
of those parameters, you would kind of give us any visibility and to be super helpful. And then I've got a
couple of follow-ups.

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

It's a good question, and I am empathetic to the fact that we aren't giving you revenue guidance and
so it's hard to put those numbers into context. However, it really does come down to that the impacts of
COVID are really pretty unpredictable. And so if COVID wanes quickly, then I think the spend we're talking
about might match up better with a revenue increase.

But I got to tell you, the point of my -- the reason I pointed this all out in terms of the increases in
expenses that we were able -- this year, we saw a long period where COVID impacted us. And we -- some
of the variable expenses I outlined came in pretty low relative to what they historically had been. And
those will increase as COVID goes away.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

But in addition to that, there are other expenses that we will continue to spend. The increase -- there will
be increases regardless of what happens to COVID. I think we want to continue to invest in the R&D areas
that I mentioned. And we want to -- because we see that there's a real opportunity to continue to expand
our marketplace and to expand penetration in the long term. And so we're going to increase those costs.
I know I haven't given you what you're looking for, but it's just a very difficult environment to predict
revenue and procedures at this point.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. And then just maybe 2 quick follow-ups. One easier to answer than the other. Just in terms of
volumes. Obviously, fourth quarter was more similar to third quarter. And generally speaking, the message
from most corporates last week was that first quarter is going to be at fourth quarter, if not, frankly, a
little worse. I just wonder if you could sort of comment on sort of what you're seeing from the procedure
environment here in the first quarter?

And then just secondarily, on the extended use program, obviously, we saw kind of a bolus on revenue
per procedure this particular quarter as hospitals didn't change inventory patterns. Are you seeing any
evidence? I know it's hard in COVID that it's driving higher demand, the extended use program driving
higher demand. And when would you expect those revenue per procedure numbers to begin to reverse? Is
that as early as the first quarter or probably more likely middle part of the year? Sorry for both questions.

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So your -- the first part of your question was...

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Q1 volume update.

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Q1 volume. I made the comment that as we went through the quarter, the resurgence became more
acute and it had a greater impact on procedures. And so I gave you the California example of where you
go from growth in October to reduction in December. That should be an indication of the level of sort of
impact they can have.

And then I may -- I also made the comment that we saw the trends at the end of the quarter continue
into January. So I think you said that other companies are saying that Q1 could be worse, it could be.
But again, we're not going to try to predict exactly where it's going to come out, given the uncertainties
around it. But it's clear coming into the quarter, it was at the bottom end of what was going on in Q4.

As far as extended use instruments go, we launched it in the U.S. in -- at the beginning of the quarter
and in Europe in the middle of the quarter, about 3/4 of our customers are now acquiring extended use
instruments. They're starting to be used on procedures. It's really hard for us to predict exactly when we'll
start to see the benefits of those extended use instruments in terms of elasticity and -- price elasticity,
and it's certainly going to be confounded by COVID.

So I think it will take time. I think it's going to take a while before we start to see that. Sometimes you
have to point out the benefits to the hospital. You have to sell it a little bit. And I just think we'll be patient
about it.

Operator

Next, we have the line of Bob Hopkins, Bank of America.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Gary, I wanted to get your opinion on 2 geographies, if okay. First, on the U.S. Just curious, do you think
that perhaps by the second half of this year, there's a chance based on everything you're seeing that we
could be close to a normal level of surgical procedure volumes in the U.S. or given what you're seeing
on the diagnostic side and the slow vaccine rollout that, that's more likely to be a 2022 event? And then
I'd also love to get your opinion on China and the durability of the phenomenal growth you appear to be
having here of late?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Bob, on the first one, the U.S., I won't predict for you, but let's talk about the puts and the takes, the
things that are going to be the push/pull about it. Clearly, hospitals want to get back to treating patients
who are non-COVID patients. There's a demand and the desire to do that.

It takes a couple of things. One is that resources get freed up from treating COVID patients to allow them
to treat other things, and some of that is ICU resources and a lot of it is staff. So as COVID surges go, so
does access to that set of resources. You're tracking and analysis is as good as ours in terms of looking at
how well the vaccine is going to go out and what the COVID numbers might be. So I think that's a large
part of it.

In terms of the diagnostic pipelines, kind of the same thing. I think everybody wants to get patients
back in to get diagnosed. There's -- we think a backlog that's been building for surgical patients as the
surge happens. And then you have this longer backlog of folks who have been forgoing normal checkups,
whether it's colonoscopies or PSA screening or what have you, that will start coming back in. And of
course, disease doesn't take a holiday. And as a result, those things will be more advanced when they're
caught.

We've seen this before. We've been in this movie when we saw changes to PSA testing recommendations.
That will again create a backlog, but it will take longer for it to realize and longer for it to process through.
I don't think it's going to drive substantive share shifts between treatment modalities. I think it's going
to be hard on patients as they go through that. And that will provide a headwind for us in -- certainly, in
2021 and then tailwinds thereafter as those folks are diagnosed and come back into the pipe. So that's
kind of where I see the U.S.

Moving to China. Long term, we're quite excited. Pretty clearly, Chinese patients are interested in high
quality care. Chinese surgeons are quite interested in robotics and in da Vinci, and our partnership with
Fosun and the joint venture is going well for us. So in the near term, that feels great. And I think there's a
lot of strong underlying interest.

As we've talked about before, the medical marketplace in China is complicated. Right now, systems
are under a quota, centrally managed quota. We see changes occurring in the Chinese regulatory
environment over time as the FDA implements new policies and processes and we see that there are
Chinese companies that are interested in this opportunity and are pushing hard to field competitive
systems.

So we are committed long-term to China. I think it's going to be a strong demand market and a bouncy,
sometimes turbulent marketplace due to policy changes and some of the central controls that are in place.
We'll keep you updated as we get more clarity there.

Operator

Next, we have the line of Larry Biegelsen, Wells Fargo.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I'll just ask one multipart question on Ion. I'm just curious to know kind of the -- what comes next year?
You talked about the PRECISE data completing enrollment, I think, in the second quarter. Should we
assume that we see that data in 2022? Is there any update on Ion in China?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

And then your competition has talked about indication expansion beyond lung bronchoscopy. Any color
you're willing to share there?

And just lastly, adding a therapeutic capability to Ion. So basically, the road map here on Ion, what can we
expect maybe going forward here?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

All right. Thanks, Larry. Philip, I'm going to turn to you on the PRECISE trial timing, and then I'll take it
from there.

Philip Kim

Yes. We -- with respect to when you might hear some data, it is a fair assumption to expect to hear
something in 2022. We haven't been more specific beyond that, Larry.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

With regard to future indications, right now, where we're at with Ion, we are -- our commercial teams and
our manufacturing operations teams are tightly focused on supplying and performing in the diagnostic
bronchoscopy market, our first indication. Clearly, Ion is a platform technology, and we're excited about it.

That said, I'd remind everybody, we are in early innings, all of us. The entire field is in early innings with
regard to bronchoscopy. Our clinical results there are outstanding. I think that they are market-leading
relative to competitors, any of the competitors. And we want to fulfill that market. We want to satisfy
those customers, that means satisfying them in terms of quality and demand and shipments and so on.
We think there are longer-term applications beyond bronchoscopy and beyond diagnostics, and we're
working on those. We are working on ablation technologies and some other things.

We're not ready to speak publicly about where we might go next for a couple of reasons: one is, we're still
in the very earliest innings about making bronchoscopy a reality; and two, for competitive reasons, we're
not ready yet to describe what we intend to do next.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

And China, Gary?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

On the China front, we, of course, have the joint venture with Fosun. We are working through pathways
for Ion in China. We think there's a market there. I would advise folks that the Chinese regulatory system
and CFDA handles Gen 1 products pretty differently than FDA does in the U.S. And as a result, you want
to see a little greater maturity in your product line before you go broadly there. So we're working through
that with our JV and also with the Chinese regulators. When we have some time lines for you, we will
describe them, but we remain active and interested.

Operator

Next, we have the line of Tycho Peterson, JPMorgan.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Gary, you mentioned no kind of shift in treatment modalities. So I assume the deceleration doesn't imply
any kind of share loss to laparoscopic. But as we think about coming out of the pandemic, the other side
of it is you highlight a remote technology for monitoring, proctoring and analysis. Are there structural
changes here, you think, coming out of the pandemic that could drive faster adoption of robotics?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

I believe so. Now this is -- the right answer is we'll see. Time will tell. But there are some encouraging
anecdotes, and they're anecdotes. One is, I think folks are realizing that a lot can get done without
jumping on planes and that's true for surgeons. And one of the things that our teams have done
beautifully this year is to more fully digitize and regionalize training. That has been great. So forward
deployment of training and greater use of digital tools, that will continue. And I think the acceptance of
that is increasing. It's also accelerated remote proctoring, as you said. So I think that has been a positive
for us and something that we had, thankfully, made some investments prior to the pandemic.

The second part is, I think, that people are seeing changes in resource consumption, days in the hospital,
ICU time, patient comforted being housed in hospitals in the pandemic has declined. And I think that
will be durable. I think even after COVID rates start to drop, I think folks thinking that sitting around a
hospital isn't a great idea. And using ICU resources when you don't have to isn't a great idea.

And I -- already, I think we see that folks are saying, "Hey, really high-quality minimally invasive surgery
done well." And by the way, having the analytics to back that up is going to be appreciated and maybe an
accelerant. So I am cautiously optimistic that some of the trends we're seeing in terms of what recovery
might be are going to be real positive for Intuitive.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Another thing you highlighted at the conference was the regulatory requirements and time lines for the
industry keep increasing. I know that's something you've been talking about for a while. But as we think
about the road map here for SP, the IDT -- IDE trial for colorectal, have the time lines gotten pushed out
further in your view given the regulatory burden? Or it's just kind of in line with what you've been talking
about for a while?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think we're starting to see the contours of the regulation side in the U.S. stabilize. So it's stabilizing
at a requirement level that's greater than it was in year's past, but I don't think it's continuously moving.
That's been good.

I think the thing that's challenged some time lines for us and others is COVID. If your clinical trial sites
are having to manage COVID as well as whatever your clinical trial is, that can put pressure on you. That's
kind of a near-term thing.

I think longer term, the question of what does this do if clinical trial requirements and general data
requirements in the U.S. and Europe for computer-aided systems and robotics have become greater, what
does that imply? And it probably implies a couple of things. One is that systems in the market are likely
to stay in the market a little longer because it's just extended time lines for innovation. I think the other
thing is that it probably resequences when you see different products where in the world because some
health care systems, Korea being notable, are allowing innovative products into their systems a little more
quickly and other ones are becoming a little less so.

So for a company like us, you'll see increased investment in head count and in resources for clinical
and regulatory staff, and you'll see a reordering of where we go with new innovations over time. You'll
probably see for the industry, platforms sit a little longer, that probably benefits incumbents a little more
than it does insurgents.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. And then one last one on the extended use rollout. You did Europe recently, U.S. last quarter. Is
there a next step to the process? Are you going to do it in Asia? And any reason the elasticity would be
different in any of the geographies in your view?
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Marshall, why don't you take that first?

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. The rollout into other parts of the world will depend on the regulatory time lines. As you could
imagine, in China, it will take a long time. In some of the other markets, it might be a little bit quicker. I
don't have a complete road map of every country. But yes, Asia-Pac is absolutely on our mind, and we'd
like to get them out to our direct markets in Asia as soon as possible.

As far as the impact on elasticity, we did 2 things in the United States, if you recall. We modified the
-- we obviously launched extended use instruments, which lower the cost of care for hospitals. But we
also, simultaneous with that, lowered the price of a few select instruments that are used typically in
lower benign -- lower acuity procedure -- or benign lower acuity procedures like cholecystectomy, benign
hysterectomies and inguinal hernias. And then in totality, then the use that -- if you look at an instrument,
set that might be used in cholecystectomies, then the cost is competitive with other minimally invasive
approaches.

In each country, we have modified the pricing differently, and we're targeting those procedures that are
pressured by reimbursement. So you can't kind of peanut butter spread the comment of what elasticity
will do in the United States, will happen in the other countries. But we are targeting specified procedures
in each of those countries where reimbursement is stressed, and we believe we provide value. And we'll
see. We believe that we'll create some elasticity in each country. It will just vary in terms of magnitude.

Operator

Okay, next we have the line of Richard Newitter of SVB Leerink.

Richard S. Newitter
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

If I could just start off on the competitive landscape. Gary, any comments you could offer on --
internationally, any competitors that are on the market? And what you're seeing out there relative to
kind of what you would have expected? And within the U.S., just in light of some updates from mainly
competitor, J&J recently, this fall, provided an update on the feature set. And any thoughts you would care
to offer on where they're going to be trying to compete, particularly on kind of ex the robotic arms, et
cetera?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Just on the -- just speaking to the international side, the first thing I'd remind everybody is it's
not really a robot-versus-robot question for customers. It's really a robotically-enabled ecosystem that
drives outcomes versus a robotically-enabled ecosystem that drives different outcomes. That is -- it's
programmatic versus programmatic.

So in each of these, when they come out, you kind of look at it and say, "Okay, what's the robot capable
of? Do they have instruments any accessories, the imaging systems, the advanced tools that are required,
some of those software and analytic capabilities, training capabilities and so on?" And you see a pretty
different skill set and capability out of each of these ecosystems. And that's true as well for some of the
bigger competitors that are domestic. So that's how we think about it. And I think that's how customers,
by and large, will think about it. There will always be some customers who are interested in trialing and
seeing what's capable out of something new, so I'd expect that.

Nothing architecturally that I've seen of any of them, including the most recent announcements, has
surprised me. I think we've seen a lot of these ideas. We've trialed personally a lot of them inside the
company. And so I think time will tell.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

We have made the trade-offs we've made for a reason based on evaluation, building product and kind of
scientific method. And I think that customers will evaluate those trade-offs over time.

We've also seen the idea that some of the bigger players want to bundle, that they're going to put all
these things together, maybe lower the price of capital and try to throw some other things in and see if
they can entice folks. And I think the way I'd ask customers and shareholders to think about it is bundling
makes sense if the underlying products are commodities, if everybody is selling 2 ply toilet paper and one
brand is not that different than the other, it's all fine. But that's not where we are.

Robotic systems and the instrumentation and the imaging systems are not commoditized. And as a result,
there'll be strong differences in how they're used and what the outcomes are. And in that regard, I think
that's what we'll point our customers to and our sales force to understand as these different things come
out.

Richard S. Newitter
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Got it. And if I could just have one more follow-up on the capital environment and the discussions that
you're having. As you talk to the institutions as they think of their 2021 budgets, I'm curious, one, are
they kind of thinking of a 2-year budgeting process? Or is it any different than the way they've approached
their budgeting in the past in the wake of COVID?

And then maybe two, is the -- what signs are they saying they're going to look for to kind of get back to
you to have confidence to go and make the purchase with the uncertainty that still exists?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Marshall, why don't you kick off that answer, and I'll add a little when you're done.

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think the first part of your question, what are they doing from a budget perspective? I don't have
enough insight to be able to answer the question well. I -- we said that we believe that they'll go through
a reset, of course, for 2021. I don't know if they'll have the same level of spending they did. We believe
that there is financial pressure on the hospitals -- on a number of the hospitals as a result of COVID. So
we -- there's the possibility that 2021 budgets will be less -- will be smaller than they were in 2020, but I
don't have great insight to that.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think the thing I would point to that, I think, is kind of a economics question for everybody is just
going to be something to look at is they will make their estimates as to how fast folks will return and
whether they want to accelerate so that they have capacity available for dealing with the backlog. I think
that will differ by hospital groups. So some folks will have the capital capacity to lean in and see this as
an opportunity to deepen their exposure or their presence in market. Others will feel conservative, and
we'll want to wait and see, so I do not think it's going to be a one size fits all in terms of how they do their
financial planning.

That was our last question. So I'll conclude from here. In closing, we continue to believe there is a
substantial and durable opportunity to fundamentally improve surgery and acute interventions. Our teams
continue to work closely with hospitals, physicians and care teams in pursuit of what our customers have
termed the quadruple aim: better and more predictable patient outcomes; better experiences for patients;
better experiences for their care teams; and ultimately, a lower total cost of care. We believe value
creation in surgery and acute care is foundationally human. It flows from respect for and understanding of
patients in care teams, their needs and their environment.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Thank you for your support on this extraordinary journey. We look forward to talking to you again in 3
months.

Operator
And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the presentation for this afternoon. Again, we thank
you very much for all of your participation and for using our teleconferencing services. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 21, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

