Intuit Inc. NasdaqGS:INTU
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, May 25, 2021 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

6.16

6.07

(1.46 %)

0.75

8.56

9.87

Revenue  (mm)

4267.69

4173.00

(2.22 %)

2010.50

9152.30

10436.42

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-24-2021 5:55 PM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.12

0.43

0.67

6.16

1.81

0.94

0.68

6.07

SURPRISE

61.61 %

118.60 %

1.49 %

(1.46 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
INTUIT INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Kimberly Anderson Watkins
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

ANALYSTS

Aleksandr J. Zukin
Wolfe Research, LLC

Brad Robert Reback
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Bradley Hartwell Sills
BofA Securities, Research Division

Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Daniel William Jester
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Hoi-Fung Wong
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jackson Edmund Ader
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Josh J. Beck
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Matthew Charles Pfau
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Michael James Turrin
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Michael Millman
Millman Research Associates

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Sitikantha Panigrahi
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Stewart Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon. My name is Latif, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to
welcome everyone to Intuit's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] With
that, I'll now turn the call over to Kim Watkins, Intuit's Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Watkins?

Kimberly Anderson Watkins
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Latif. Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuit's Third Quarter Fiscal 2021 Conference Call. I'm
here with Intuit's CEO, Sasan Goodarzi; and Michelle Clatterbuck, our CFO.

Before we start, I'd like to remind everyone that our remarks will include forward-looking statements.
There are a number of factors that could cause Intuit's results to differ materially from our expectations.
You can learn more about these risks in the press release we issued earlier this afternoon, our Form 10-
K for fiscal 2020 and our other SEC filings. All of those documents are available on the Investor Relations
page of Intuit's website at intuit.com. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.

Some of the numbers in these remarks are presented on a non-GAAP basis. We've reconciled the
comparable GAAP and non-GAAP numbers in today's press release. Unless otherwise noted, all growth
rates refer to the current period versus the comparable prior year period and the business metrics
and associated growth rates refer to worldwide business metrics. A copy of our prepared remarks and
supplemental financial information will be available on our website after this call ends.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Sasan.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Great. Thanks, Kim, and thanks to all of you for joining us today.

We had a very strong third quarter. Small Business and Self-Employed Group revenue accelerated to 20%
this quarter, and Credit Karma performed very well with revenue at an all-time high for the quarter. Our
tax results through the May 17 IRS tax filing deadline reflect another strong season. As a result, we are
raising our revenue, operating income and earnings per share guidance for fiscal year 2021.

Let me start with tax. We're proud of how we delivered for our customers and executed our strategy of
expanding our lead in the do-it-yourself category and transforming the assisted category. Based on our
performance through the May 17 IRS tax filing deadline, we expect our consumer group revenue to grow
11% to 12% during fiscal year 2021. We expect total IRS returns to be up approximately 1%, and our
share of total returns expand an estimated 1 point for the tax filing season. This results in expected total
customer growth of 6% and double-digit revenue growth for the fourth year in a row.

The average revenue per return increased, reflecting a stronger contribution by TurboTax Live and mix
shift to our premier offering used by investors. We made significant progress this season.

Within the do-it-yourself category, we continue to double down on underpenetrated segments, including
Latinx, Self-Employed and Investors. We saw a significant acceleration in Investor customer growth
this season and expected to more than triple over last year. We expect the base of customers paying us
nothing to grow 6% this season.

Within transforming the assisted category, we continue to make progress connecting people to experts
with TurboTax Live. We expect customers to grow more than 90% this season compared to 70% growth
last year and TurboTax Live customers new to Intuit to be up more than 100%.

More broadly, our AI-driven expert platform strategy and 5 Big Bets are driving strong momentum and
accelerating innovation across the company. These Big Bets are focused on the largest problems our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

customers face and represent durable growth opportunities for Intuit. As a reminder, these bets are:
revolutionize speed to benefit, connect people to experts, unlock SMART Money decisions, be the center
of small business growth and disrupt the small business mid-market. Today, I'll highlight the notable
progress we've made this quarter on 3 of these Big Bets. And we'll provide a detailed update on all 5 Big
Bets at Investor Day in the fall.

Our third Big Bet is to unlock SMART Money decisions. With Credit Karma's data platform and powerful
network effects, we're making progress towards our goal of creating a personal financial assistant that
helps consumers find the right financial products, put more money in their pockets and access financial
expertise and advice. To deliver on this goal, our strategic focus is to grow the core, including credit cards
and personal loans, expand growth verticals, including home loans, auto loans and insurance, and develop
emerging verticals focused on digital money offerings, such as savings and checking accounts.

Credit Karma also provides an additional monetization engine, increasing our combined wallet share with
both free and paying customers. Credit Karma achieved its largest quarterly revenue ever in Q3, while the
number of members, monthly active users and frequency of member visits reached all-time highs. Within
the core, Credit Karma personal revenue was at a record high on a combined basis, reflecting an increase
in both the number of partners and member engagement. The growth verticals also achieved all-time high
revenue, reflecting strong momentum in auto insurance followed by home loans and auto loans. And we're
developing the emerging verticals by focusing on innovation with Credit Karma Money, part of our digital
money offering.

We continue to make great progress combining our capabilities to fuel the success of Credit Karma.
Since the acquisition closed, TurboTax customers and migrating Turbo users accounted for 40% of new
Credit Karma members, significantly accelerating new member growth. We're pleased with the initial
performance of Credit Karma Money, which we integrated into TurboTax filing experience, offering
approximately 36 million TurboTax customers the opportunity deposit up to $88 billion of tax refunds into
note fee checking accounts.

Providing this product integration helps members achieve their financial goals, drives member
engagement and creates a new revenue stream for the company in the future. The more we successfully
innovate for Credit Karma members, the more times members visit the platform and the more
opportunities we have to offer members products that are right for them, resulting in more monetization
opportunities for Intuit.

Our fourth Big Bet is to become the center of small business growth by helping our customers get
customers that paid fast, manage capital, pay employees with confidence and grow in our omnichannel
world. 60% of small businesses struggle with cash flow, and we're continuing to innovate to create
solutions for customers to overcome this challenge.

We are excited about our progress with QuickBooks Cash, a small business bank account that helps our
customers manage working capital. QuickBooks Cash presents a full financial picture along with the ability
to move money instantly and ensures that their money is working for them while taking advantage of the
built-in accounting of QuickBooks. We achieved a milestone this quarter as QuickBooks Cash balances
surpassed $100 million, and we're seeing strong active use among both new and existing customers.

Our fifth Big Bet is to disrupt small business mid-market with QuickBooks Online Advanced. The usage of
services such as payments, payroll and time tracking with QBO Advanced customers is more than 30%
higher than the next QBO offering in our lineup, contributing to higher ARPC while overall engagement
is up over 10 points year-to-date. We're very pleased with our results and remain confident in our game
plan to win, accelerated by digital tailwinds. Across all of our Big Bets, we're building momentum and
accelerating innovation, which we believe positions us well for durable growth in the future.

Now let me hand it over to Michelle.

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Sasan. Good afternoon, everyone.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

For the third quarter of fiscal 2021, we delivered revenue of $4.2 billion, GAAP operating income of $1.9
billion versus $1.4 billion last year, non-GAAP operating income of $2.2 billion versus $1.5 billion last year,
GAAP diluted earnings per share of $5.30 versus $4.11 a year ago, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per
share of $6.07 versus $4.49 last year.

Turning to the business segments. Consumer Group revenue grew 34% in Q3, reflecting a shift in the
timing of the IRS tax filing window year-over-year. The revenue we're reporting today is for our third
quarter ending April 30. That said, based on our performance through the May 17 tax filing deadline, we
are raising our Consumer Group revenue guidance to 11% to 12% growth for fiscal 2021, up from 9% to
10% previously.

There are 4 primary drivers in our consumer business. Note that these levers exclude approximately 8
million stimulus filings last year. This data reflects our expectations for the season through July 31, 2021,
versus the prior season through July 31, 2020. The first is the total number of returns filed with the IRS
which we expect to be up approximately 1% by the end of the season. The second is the percentage of
those returns filed using do-it-yourself software. We expect the DIY category share of total IRS returns to
be approximately flat by the end of the season.

The third driver is our share. We expect our share of total tax returns to expand 1 point this season and
our share of the DIY category to be up approximately 1 point. The fourth is average revenue per return,
which increased again this season. This growth reflects a stronger contribution by TurboTax Live and mix
shift to our premier offering, which is used by investors.

Turning to the ProConnect Group. Revenue grew 22% in Q3, reflecting a shift in the timing of the IRS tax
filing window year-over-year. For the full year, we expect ProConnect Group revenue growth of 2%. In the
Small Business and Self-Employed Group, revenue grew 20% during the quarter, including 1 point from
approximately $10 million of nonrecurring Paycheck Protection Program, or PPP revenue.

Online Ecosystem revenue was up 28%, including 2 points of growth from approximately $7 million of
PPP revenue. Our longer-term expectation remains 30% or greater Online Ecosystem revenue growth,
driven by 10% to 20% growth in both customers and ARPC. We expect to return to 30% Online Ecosystem
revenue growth at some point during fiscal '22.

our strategic focus within Small Business and Self-Employed is to grow the core, connect the ecosystem
and expand globally. First, we continue to focus on growing the core. QuickBooks Online accounting
revenue grew 24% in fiscal Q3, driven mainly by customer growth and mix shift. Second, we continue
to focus on connecting the ecosystem. Online Services revenue, which includes payments, payroll, time
tracking and capital, grew 34% in fiscal Q3 or 31% excluding PPP revenue.

Within payments, revenue growth reflects continued customer growth, along with an increase in charge
volume per customer. Within payroll, we continue to see revenue tailwinds during the quarter from a mix
shift to our full-service offering and growth in payroll customers.

During the quarter, we began migrating customers once again to our new Full-Service lineup. This did not
have a significant impact on revenue during the quarter. Third, our progress expanding globally added to
the growth of Online Ecosystem revenue during fiscal Q3. Total international online revenue grew 38% on
a constant currency basis.

Desktop Ecosystem revenue grew 9% in the third quarter, including approximately $3 million of PPP
revenue. As a reminder, in the third quarter last year, the Desktop business declined sharply, reflecting the
impact of the pandemic. QuickBooks Desktop Enterprise revenue grew mid-single digits in Q3.

Note that we discontinued the TurboTax and QuickBooks Self-Employed bundle this year. We remain
committed to serving the Self-Employed segment. However, after years of experimentation, we
determined that serving Self-Employed customers through separate TurboTax and QuickBooks offerings is
most effective. There was no material impact to revenue or operating income from this decision.

Moving on to Credit Karma. Revenue was $316 million in Q3 as the business continues to gain momentum,
reflecting growing members, member engagement and expansion of new and existing partners across

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

verticals. Revenue reached a record high in the quarter. We are also seeing engagement reach a new high-
water mark with both monthly active users and frequency of member visits at all-time highs, giving us
more opportunities to offer members products that are right for them.

Turning to our financial principles. We remain committed to growing organic revenue double digits and
growing operating income dollars faster than revenue. As I shared before, as we lean into our platform
strategy, we see the opportunity for margin expansion over time. We take a disciplined approach to capital
management, investing the cash we generate in opportunities that yield an expected return on investment
greater than 15%. We continue to reallocate resources to top priorities with an emphasis on becoming an
AI-driven expert platform. These principles remain our long-term commitment.

Our first priority for the cash we generate is investing in the business to drive customer and revenue
growth. We consider acquisitions to accelerate our growth and fill out our product road map. We return
excess cash that we can't invest profitably in the business to shareholders via both share repurchases and
dividends.

We finished the quarter with approximately $4.1 billion in cash and investments on our balance sheet. We
repurchased $380 million of stock during the third quarter. We have approximately $1.8 billion remaining
on our authorization, and we expect to be in the market each quarter this year. The Board approved a
quarterly dividend of $0.59 per share, payable July 19, 2021. This represents an 11% increase versus last
year.

Moving on to guidance. Our guidance for fourth quarter fiscal 2021 includes revenue growth of 26% to
28%, GAAP earnings per share of $0.78 to $0.83 and non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.55 to $1.60.
We are also raising our fiscal 2021 guidance following strong performance in the first 3 quarters of the
year. Our new guidance includes revenue growth of 22%, up from prior guidance of 15% to 17%; GAAP
earnings per share of $6.96 to $7.01; and non-GAAP earnings per share of $9.32 to $9.37. We now expect
a GAAP tax rate of 21% in fiscal 2021. You can find our full Q4 and updated fiscal 2021 guidance details in
our press release and on our fact sheet.

And with that, I'll turn it back over to Sasan.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Great. Thank you, Michelle.

I'm very proud of our team and remain optimistic about the future. We have a large addressable market
with secular tailwinds that include a shift to virtual solutions, acceleration to online and omnichannel
capabilities and digital money offerings. With our strategy of becoming an AI-driven expert platform and 5
Big Bets, we're positioned well for accelerated innovation and growth.
Let's now open it up to your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Keith Weiss of Morgan Stanley.

Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Excellent. Very nice quarter, good to see momentum really across all parts of the business heading into
Q4. 2 questions, one for Sasan on Credit Karma. You talked a little bit about starting to see some of those
revenue synergies between Credit Karma and TurboTax. Can you dive into that a little bit more in terms
of -- versus your expectations, how well have those offers been working? I mean I saw them while I was
doing my taxes in TurboTax and saw the offers for Credit Karma. Have you been taking you guys up on
that, has that been a material contributor as of yet? And are there like kind of linkages that we should be
thinking about on the QuickBooks side of the equation of where you're starting to create those connections
as well?

And then maybe one for Michelle. Now we're looking for 100 basis points of margin expansion this year
in the revised guidance, that's awesome. Does this take away from future years? Are we getting sort of a
pull-forward of operating margins? Or could we see consistency in this operating margin expansion on a
go-forward basis?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Thank you for your question. I have one clarifying question for you. You asked about QuickBooks. Was the
QuickBooks question connected to Credit Karma? Or was that just...

Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I'm sorry, yes.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

That's a good question.

Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

The jux of it -- the question is around Credit Karma, like the linkages between Credit Karma and TurboTax.
And then if there are any linkages between Credit Karma and QuickBooks.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Got it. Very, very helpful. So I think the place I would start is, if you go back a year plus from the
time we've been working with Credit Karma, really their focus, even during the pandemic, was to deliver
benefits for customers from the perspective of how to manage their money, credit scores, how to get
some of the COVID-19 Relief Act help. And one of the things that happened based on just the obsessive
focus on customers is their engagement increased at a time where the pandemic was impacting the supply
side of the equation.

In addition to that, their investment in Lightbox and getting partners to really understand a Lightbox,
the value of Lightbox, how it's good for consumers and how it's good for partners, whether it's financial
institutions and insurance companies, is now really paying off. Because what you're seeing now is because
the member engagement was up and to the right, you have more transactions that are happening on

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

Lightbox, which really for the consumer means a much better match and eligibility for the partner. It
means they are able to also make a perfect match. All of those things is really what's resulting in the
momentum that we see right now, not only in the core, which is credit cards and personal loans and the
areas where the company has been investing in 13-plus years, but also in the last year plus new areas,
which is auto insurance, auto loans and home loans.

So that's the acceleration that we're seeing. A lot of the synergy opportunities are going to pay off in
the future. And particularly, there are several. One that we've talked about is ensuring that we, with
customers' permission, move all their data records from TurboTax to Credit Karma so that they can get
much more personalized offers that are right for them on the first click, the launching of Credit Karma,
both in the TurboTax experience, but also launching TurboTax as part of the Credit Karma platform. This
was really all about a learning year. We ran 40-plus experiments, Keith, learned a ton, made a number of
adjustments, and I think it positions us for the months and the years ahead. So a lot of the opportunities
that we think about are -- that are synergies between the 2 companies are coming in the future. And that
really is what's exciting.

What I would say has been a near-term impact is the fact that 40% of the new Credit Karma members
actually came from either TurboTax and/or the fact that we deprecated Turbo, and that has been an
instant sort of a thrust for Credit Karma. But a lot of what I just described is yet to come, which is what's
exciting about the platform.

Specifically to your question around QuickBooks, that has been sequenced for some time down the road,
Keith. We're very focused on what's most important, the biggest drivers of innovation and benefits for
members. And QuickBooks is going to be something that we'll think about down the road, but it's been
very intentionally sequenced so we don't distract the team.

Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it.

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

And Keith, your question on margin expansion. We do believe that over the long term, the platform
leverage is real, enabling us to expand margins. Last year, we had a point of expansion. This year, before
Credit Karma, we had guided 110 basis points of expansion, and now our updated guide with Credit Karma
is 90 basis points of expansion. So whether that's looking at technology or customer success or go-to-
market, there are opportunities for us to continue to leverage the platform.

However, I would remind you that this year is just very unique. We were deep in the pandemic at the
beginning of the year, and we were conservative with our spending. Specifically, if you look at something
like Credit Karma, it really took a while even though they really started to bounce back much more quickly
than we anticipated. But it took us a while to be able to ramp up the spend when we saw that, and we do
feel like we will continue to invest to drive accelerated growth in there. So I would just say this year is a
little bit a unique year with the pandemic.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ken Wong of Guggenheim Securities.

Hoi-Fung Wong
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Sasan, I wanted to dive into TurboTax Live a little bit. You highlighted seeing 90% growth, a really nice
step-up from the 70% last year. How should we think about where these customers came from? Is it from
the assisted category? Was it from just upselling your existing base? And then any color you can provide
on this initial year of full service, what that adoption rate look like?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

And then for Michelle, just also a quick question on spend. It looks like R&D saw a really big step-up
this quarter. It looked like roughly 30% year-over-year. How should we think about kind of where those
investments are being funneled? And is that kind of the right pace of growth, at least for the near-term
future on the product side?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Great, Ken, let me take the first part of your question, and thank you for the question. The thing I would
start with is I would want all of you to think about TurboTax now as a platform, and it is a platform that
allows you to do your taxes yourself or we give you the opportunity to provide an expert to help you get
your taxes done with you. And/or you can, in essence, hand everything off to us and we'll do your taxes
for you completely. And so the -- really the momentum of accelerating from 70% growth to 90% growth is
the fact that we are continuing to build momentum.

We're improving the platform. We are doing a far better job raising awareness. More folks are considering
getting help in this world, in a virtual world. And we'll -- we're delivering really excellent experiences
where our product recommendation scores are continuing to be one of the best that we've seen across the
company.

So I bring that up just to say that what you're just experiencing and what we are experiencing is
momentum. And Full Service just plays a halo effect role. The fundamental problem that we are solving for
customers is one of confidence. And they want to know that if they need help that they can get access to
an expert or even midstream, if they want to just hand everything off to somebody else to do their taxes,
they can do it right off the bat. And so it provides a halo effect for the entire franchise that I can get my
taxes done with TurboTax.

And whether or not I delegate everything now and next year perhaps just ask for an expert or even the
year after that, do it myself, that all helps the franchise. So that's the role that it's playing, which is why
we're seeing the accelerated growth. And we'll share some of the specific metrics perhaps at Investor Day,
but the majority of these customers are continuing to come from the assisted category.

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

And then, Ken -- I'm sorry, your question on R&D. First of all, I would not focus too much on what you
see just quarter-to-quarter changes. It can really get a little confusing when you do that. I look more at
the year-to-date spend. But as for where we're investing our R&D funds, when you look at the increases
year-over-year, it's really around how do we continue to make investments in the platform that will help
us drive the Big Bets so we can accelerate growth across the company. And so that's really where we're
tending to do more of the increases in our investments with R&D.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kirk Materne of Evercore.

Stewart Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Sasan, I was wondering if you can just talk a little bit more about the QBO business this quarter, just
in terms of what you're seeing maybe geographically in terms of the reopening, how that's impacting
not only new business formation, but the willingness for people to take on some of your higher quarter
services, whether it's payroll, payments, even commerce, I realize that one's early on. But just maybe
some more color on that front would be great.

And then maybe just a quick comment on the desktop side. It's actually a really strong quarter for
desktops. So just curious if there was anything sort of seasonal about that, that we should be keeping in
mind?

Sasan K. Goodarzi

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

CEO, President & Director

Yes, sure. Thank you for the question, Kirk. A couple of things I would say. One, biggest thing that we've
learned in the last year is just how resilient the platform is and how much customers need it in very tough
times. And so we are seeing usage of our services across the board, up and to the right and better than
pre-pandemic levels. And up and to the right, pretty much across all industries. And we are pleased with
not only the existing core platform, but some of the new innovations that we have inclusive of things like
QuickBooks Live and QuickBooks Advanced, which go after a certain segment of customers, but also have
a higher ARPU.

What I would say is outside of the U.S. and Canada, recovery has been slower. So from a geographic
perspective, the strength is really U.S. and Canada. And then particularly, answer your question on
desktop. I think, as Michelle said, it's less about seasonality, but more from the perspective of desktop
also saw a very deep decline this time last year. And what we're seeing is just a rebound compared to a
weak quarter. But overall, we're very pleased with the small business trajectory and where we're headed
with all the innovation.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kash Rangan of Goldman Sachs.

Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Let me echo my congratulations to Sasan, Michelle and the team here. 2 questions. One, as you march up
the food chain, if you will, on the QBO Advanced, I'm wondering if you have a perspective on how digital
transformation of the back office is percolating into your end of the QuickBooks Ecosystem?

And also secondly, as a company, what are the things that you've learned during the pandemic that has
caused you to accelerate your own digital transformation into it and any lessons that we could take from
your experiences as you basically transform yourself?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thank you for the question, Kash. A couple of things I would say. One, we are pleased with what
we're seeing with our -- not only with our move-up market, but some of the higher ARPU offerings. As I
mentioned earlier, QuickBooks Advanced is not only doing -- the team doing a great job with penetration,
but also our services are -- the usage of our services is up 30% compared to any other QBO in the lineup.

And what that is an indication of is just the size of the businesses that we are serving. But also in some
ways, the digital transformation for the mid-market is the same, if not a little bit behind the smaller
businesses, which is why we're so excited about the possibilities with QuickBooks Advanced to truly give
them, a customer as a platform that becomes a source of truth for their entire business.

Specifically, to your question around internal, I would say that from some of the decisions that we made
years ago with a lot of the tools that we use internally, one, are shipped today, WS, the collaboration tools
that we use internally, these are decisions and choices that we made 3 to 4 years ago, and we're fortunate
that we're now using a lot of these digital tools internally, along with, of course, our shift to AWS. So I
would say that although the usage went up in the pandemic, it didn't inform a different set of decisions
because I think as a team, these decisions were made proactively 4 to 5 years ago.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alex Zukin of Wolfe Research.

Aleksandr J. Zukin
Wolfe Research, LLC

I got 2 quick ones. Maybe, Sasan, first, from a big picture perspective, if you zoom out and put this tax
season into context for us, comparing it to last year and then pre-pandemic as well as how to think about

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

it for the next few years around both unit versus ARPU growth, clearly, this year, ARPU growth was a big
driver with live and assisted. But just stepping back, kind of put it into context for us, what do we learn?
And what -- how should we think about that algorithm going forward?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thank you for your question, Alex. Big picture, we're very pleased with what we experienced this
season, and it's consistent with what we declared several years ago. Our biggest opportunity for continued
growth is to be able to transform the assisted category. There's 86 million folks that, in essence, get
assistance to get their taxes done. It's more than $20 billion in size. And beyond that, there's about an $8
billion business tax segment.

And the second is underpenetrated segments, which is Investors, Self-Employed, Latinx. And when you
look at our results this year, coming sort of out of the pandemic, our TurboTax Live platform accelerated to
90%. And we saw our Investors segment actually grow triple what it did last year. And we always want to
continue to grow units, which will then result in ARPU.

I think given that our biggest opportunity is not only under-penetrated segments and transforming
assisted, we may just see more ARPU than units. It's more a result of our strategy and where we are
focused and where the biggest opportunity is. So if I put this season in context of our strategy, I would
say it is absolutely in line with our strategy and it's for us, it's more about just continuing to accelerate in
the areas that we declared several years ago.

Aleksandr J. Zukin
Wolfe Research, LLC

Perfect. And then on Karma, clearly, I think, I guess just to Keith's point, are you seeing the synergies
come sooner than you thought from the rest of the business? Is it more around improvements in the
macro economy loosening lending standards? I think what is causing Credit Karma to be so strong so
soon? And in your mind, the biggest driver for that, both for Q4 and beyond from here, help us model it
because the seasonality can be -- clearly, this year is a little bit unique with that aspect.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. The -- if you just step back, what really drives Credit Karma's growth is the number of members, the
number of transactions per member and then the revenue per transaction. So that's sort of big picture
metrics. The second is, if you think about Credit Karma, it's got well over 110 million customers and it's a
data platform that creates a powerful network effect. And really, it's technology-driven via Lightbox.

And really, our opportunity is to continue to not only grow the products that we have today, which is
credit cards and personal loans, but also the new products, which is auto and home insurance and home
loans, but also the new areas that we're moving into, which is Credit Karma Money that we've talked
about, which is savings, checking, early access to wages. And then ultimately, you can also get your taxes
done on Credit Karma. And by the way, there's no boundary to what product verticals that we'll launch
over time because we've got a relationship with over 100 million customers. We deliver personalized
experiences, and they know that we're there for them. We're putting the power of their data in their
hands.

So I bring that up to say that during the pandemic, we were obsessively focused on benefits, even though
the market was sort of in shambles. When I say the market because of the health crisis. And so what
you're seeing now is, one, the benefit of a lot of the work that we did during the pandemic launching these
new verticals, delivering benefits to customers that was about how to manage their money and their credit
score. And our really member engagement went up into the right even during the pandemic.

And so now with -- coming out of the pandemic and more financial institutions being in Lightbox, we're
actually seeing more transactions in Lightbox which makes a more personalized match for not only the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

consumer, but it benefits significantly the financial institution. So this is not just a macro recovery, it's an
end.

And looking ahead, we believe that the combination of what I just described, being able to leverage our
distribution of customers, combining the data that we have that we can continue to sustain the growth in
Credit Karma. And of course, we'll talk more about that at Investor Day.

Aleksandr J. Zukin
Wolfe Research, LLC

Perfect. Congratulations on a great quarter.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brent Thill of Jefferies.

Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Sasan, on Small Business online, I was curious if you could just drill into international. You did see a pretty
big deceleration from 51% growth in Q1 to 38%. And I'm just curious, going back to your, I think your
earlier comment about the U.S. showing a good recovery. Is there anything going on there that is Intuit-
specific? Or is this more specific to what's happening in the unevenness of those recovery of those small
businesses?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. It's really, Brent, the latter part of your comment, we continue to invest in international, in fact, very
similar to what I just described with we were heavily focused on delivering for customers in Credit Karma
during the pandemic. We're really doing the same thing in international. It's really 2 big things: one,
lapping price increases; and two, the recovery is just simply much slower outside of U.S. and Canada, and
it's not Intuit-specific.

Operator

Our next question comes from Siti Panigrahi of Mizuho.

Sitikantha Panigrahi
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Sasan, on the QBO side, 28% growth with lapping price in bridges, that's impressive. Just wondering what
you're seeing in terms of new customer acquisitions given that in the U.S., we saw new business creation
was phenomenal last 3 quarters? And also, it would be interesting to hear your -- what you're seeing on
the retention side as well in the Small Business.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Siti, thank you for your question. Both new acquisition and retention is very strong, both in U.S. and
Canada. And we're seeing -- continuing to see an acceleration in both areas. And the businesses that
tend to typically come to QuickBooks, they're a little bit more mature. So it's not directly tied to new
business formations. This goes back to what I've been talking about for the last, frankly, 2 years before
the pandemic, which is we're seeing a shift to virtual solutions, a shift to online and omnichannel and a
shift to digital money offerings. And I think what we're just seeing here is the pandemic accelerated that
5-plus years. And so both new acquisition and retention continues to be strong.

And based on a lot of our innovation and just the economic recovery, we're seeing that same strength in
payroll and payments, in time tracking and which is why, as Michelle mentioned earlier, we actually expect
sometime in our fiscal year '22 to be at or above our 30% online ecosystem growth.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

Sitikantha Panigrahi
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Then quick follow-up on the TurboTax Live Full Service. I'm wondering, do you have any kind of technology
advantage in terms of processing it faster, given that like all your competitors asking to drop the dot
between to the Dropbox or anywhere, so is there any sort of technology advantage you guys have versus
your competitors there?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I think let me just -- I'll talk about us, and that is that our biggest advantage is the technology. We
have been building this platform and these capabilities for 8-plus years. And particularly, it's in the area of
machine learning, knowledge, engineering and natural language processing. And everything that we are
doing in TurboTax Live, whether it's providing you help with an expert or full-service is all technology-led.
And our machine learning and knowledge engineering capabilities, not only continue to make the platform
easier for the consumer, but also much, much easier and insightful for the expert, which means that our
experts are far more effective, far more efficient and focused on the value that they bring to customers.

And really, a lot of our investments that we make in R&D go into our Live platform, which, by the way, also
benefits QuickBooks Live. So it is a -- we believe we have a significant technology advantage and we've
been adding over the last several years, process engineers that are also helping us improve our processes.
And that, combined with technology, is really what's giving us the advantage that we have and the type of
growth that we are experiencing because we also -- we measure not only recommendation scores by our
consumers, but also for our experts and our recommendation scores for our experts are also up and to the
right because of the ease of the platform.

Operator

Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer.

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Congratulations. Great job across all the segments. I'm going to focus on the tax segment. First off,
Sasan, you all chose to wait until next quarter to depict your unit volume and your metrics in tax. And I
assume that's largely because of the economic income payments from last year and making it tricky. But
the question embedded here is what type of activity do you expect to see maybe as a percent of overall
from May 18 to July 31, this year thinking back to past years? How much do you know is what I'm asking
of the season now that you've seen the end of the tax season when you extrapolate this guidance to the
end of July?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Sure, Scott. I'll say 2 things. One, we have pretty good visibility to the end of the tax season or
through the end of our fiscal year, July. The main reason we didn't provide the table is the tax season is
not done, places like Oklahoma, Louisiana and Texas, their deadlines have been extended to June 15. And
last year, those were 10.5% of all of the federal filings. So it's a pretty significant amount of the federal
filings. And so that was really why we wanted to provide the table when everything is conclusive.

With that said, we feel good about what we see because in some ways, 90% of the season is behind us. At
the same time, the season is not done yet, and we're continuing to focus on winning every filer that's out
there.

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Great. And then really, a 2-parter for my follow-up. One, I'd love your view on category shift this year. We
have seen for years DIY take category shift, and it sounds like it's going to be flattish this year. So just

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

thoughts on the year-over-year comparison, and it's probably something I'm going to do with that. But
your thoughts on that this year and then going forward?

And then the second part of the question is, with everything you've said about 90% up in TurboTax
Live, customers and the premier category tripling, really implies a lot of revenue per return growth. I'm
guessing that's being offset by free, of which you had a lot. So the second part of the question is, your
thoughts on free this year and going forward?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes, sure, Scott. First of all, the way we keep score now is the total IRS returns. What we're really focused
on is what is our share of all the returns. And so we're actually quite pleased that our total share of all of
IRS returns is up 1 point. And the reason that's the way we keep score now is because of our TurboTax
Live platform. So that's the first thing.

I think the second thing I would say is if you look at last year, IRS total returns were up about 3% to 4%,
and then the do-it-yourself category actually grew about 2 points. And this year was flat. And so when
we think about the category, we actually look at it over a 2-year period because it's really not comparing
apples-to-apples. It was a very unusual last year with all of the folks that came in because of the stimulus
track. So we're actually quite pleased that when you look at this year in context of last year, that our share
of total IRS went up 1 point. The category stayed flat, and then our share within the category went up
1 point. So we're very, very pleased with the results, but I also wanted to just emphasize how we really
keep score.

I think the second thing I would say is our free grew 6% this year, the pay nothing customers. And that
compares to 20% growth last year. So we actually feel like free moderated, and it's in the vicinity that we
would have predicted and assumed and really are -- growth came from the areas that are very strategic,
which is both transforming the assisted category with TurboTax Live and then the underpenetrated
segment, which is what we expect for continued growth as we look in the years ahead.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Turrin of Wells Fargo Securities.

Michael James Turrin
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

My congrats on executing through what was certainly a unique year here as well. Online Ecosystem
showing signs of rebound as we get through the course of the year, 26% ex PPP, sounds like there's still
confidence and ability to return to that 30-plus percent target level. Anything else you can add just around
what provides confidence in reinforcing and getting back to that level given increasing scale and maybe
how we should think about the mix between services and QBO?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Sure, Michael. Thank you for your question. What really gives us confidence is the fact that when you
look at the total SMB market, nearly 70% of that market is service-based businesses and about 30% are
product-based businesses. And the majority of all of those customers are what we call nonconsumption.
They're not using a digital platform. They're managing their life and their business through a shoebox or a
Google sheet or an Excel spreadsheet.

And so what gives us confidence is really the innovation and the focus of our innovation in the last several
years. One, we are now positioned to continue to deliver for service-based businesses with all of our
innovation. We now have QuickBooks Commerce that gives us the opportunity to also serve product-based
businesses. We're able to disrupt from the bottom with QuickBooks Cash, which is a business banking
account. And really, we're able to go after nonconsumption with QuickBooks Live, which really solves the
confidence problem and provides access to an expert for our customers, whether a onetime or an ongoing
basis, and we're positioned to go upmarket with QuickBooks Advanced.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

And so -- and within that, what I didn't mention is, of course, all of our innovation and payments, payroll,
time tracking, et cetera. So what really gives us confidence is the fact that we're positioned well to serve
the market in a meaningful way. We've continued to improve the experience of our platform. We have
more partners on our platform, and we're a true open platform. And really, we are rethinking our go-to-
market, both from a sales and marketing perspective. So it's really our innovation and transformation of
sales and marketing that gives us confidence. And now that the economy is starting to come back, that is
really what sort of is the ultimate confidence factor as we look at 30% plus online revenue growth.

Operator

Our next question comes from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan.

Jackson Edmund Ader
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. It's Jackson Ader on for Sterling tonight. Actually, just a quick one from us, and it's on the
investors. So tripling the investor base is certainly positive. And just curious what that retention rate looks
like for those TurboTax and investor customers relative to maybe the entire TurboTax base?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes, sure. In looking at history, those that have used our premier offering have actually had one of the
highest retention rates because of just the type of customer and the complexity of the customer. And this
tripling this year was both new customers coming into the franchise and actually existing customers that
upgraded to premier because they in essence took on investments that they may not have done in the
past. And if I -- if we just look at the experience that we delivered for them, the product recommendation
scores and history, we would feel good about the retention going forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brad Reback of Stifel.

Brad Robert Reback
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Maybe pushing on the retention theme a little bit. Sasan, as you think about the early cohorts of TurboTax
Live customers, have they, for the most part, remained in the live SKU? Or is it a fluid situation with some
years they take it, some year, they move back to quick TurboTax?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Brad, it's actually somewhat fluid, and we like it. We -- now that we're in our fourth year of TurboTax
Live, one of the things that we love about it is customers that come in that we typically would have lost
because they wouldn't have access to an expert, will upgrade to TurboTax Live. And we've not divulged
the percentages, but good percentage will stay in TurboTax Live the second year. So I actually go back to
TurboTax. And now this year, we saw some that started in Live, the year after went back to TurboTax and
this year came back to TurboTax Live.

We've not divulged any of the percentages, but what's great about that is back to the uber point, which
is we are solving a major confidence problem. And what we really care about is that we can solve the
customer's problem and the confidence factor and that they stay in the franchise. And going back and
forth between do it yourself, I need help with an expert or here's all my stuff just to it for me, is the cycle
that we are seeing, and we're actually pleased with what we're seeing.

Operator

Our next question comes from Daniel Jester of Citi.

Daniel William Jester

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Great. So maybe if I reflect on that 90% growth in Live, obviously, QuickBooks Live is also growing. If you
-- to your comments that the economy is reopening, the macro economy looks better, how are you going
to keep your expert partners on the platform in the year ahead? I suspect over the last 12 months, it was
pretty easy to get folks in the door. But maybe talk about your retention strategy to keep those expert
partners on the platform in the year ahead.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thank you for your question, Daniel. In fact, I would share with you that the last couple of years, it's
not been easy because everybody is -- and I don't mean in our space, but everybody is actually trying to
find ways to shift to a virtual world and the pandemic just simply accelerated. So as we look ahead, we're
not looking at headwinds because we've actually been dealing with a market that's really going after these
type of experts in multiple different industries. There's a couple of things that not only helps us retain our
experts but acquire more. And this is, of course, based on verbatims when talking to our experts.

One, it's our culture. It is the way we treat employees, it's the benefits that we deliver. It's the overall
employee experience that they have. And they're truly able to work virtually with the setup that they need
and to do what they love, which is deliver for customers and not have to market their services. We are
unique in that we don't ask our experts to sell. We ask our experts to do one thing, which is deliver an
awesome experience for our customers.

And we've had a quite high retention rate. And we have been able to recruit the best of the best. And
by the way, we actually have very high standards. We have what we call an A for A process, which
is assessing for awesome. They have to pass certain hurdles to be able to join us. We measure the
recommendation scores. And so there's a service standard that they have to be able to deliver against.

And now we also provide certifications. And so we help them with education to get certified and to actually
be able to grow their careers. And so we really -- we treat our experts like the way we would care for and
treat employees. And that is, I would say, the differentiator beyond the course of benefits that we provide.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kartik Mehta of Northcoast Research.

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Yes. I wanted to go back to your Credit Karma comments and the new customer growth. And I'm
wondering if you look at the new customer growth that you've seen in the most recent quarter or maybe
the last few months, are you kind of back to the pre-pandemic level? Obviously, not when Credit Karma
started, but as the company matured and kind of if you look at 2019 and compare it to where you are
today?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Kartik, good to hear from you. I think without getting into the numbers, which, again, we'll talk about
more at Investor Day, the place I would start is Credit Karma significantly during the pandemic, reduced
their marketing and really focus on the 100 million customers that they had to really focus on ensuring
that they could manage through the pandemic, which is a lot of the reasons why we're seeing the type of
bounce that we're seeing now because they truly took good care of their customers during the pandemic.

And really, the big thrust is now we are starting to do marketing with Credit Karma, not only within app,
but also outside of the app, and 40% of the customers that came in -- or members that came in were
all Intuit customers that chose Credit Karma. So I would say, in some ways, we're probably above pre-
pandemic levels, and we're excited about the possibilities as we look ahead.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

And then just on the TurboTax Full Service solution, which you're having very good success with, as you
look at the type of customers that are drawn to that solution, what's kind of the breakdown or what are
greater number of customers? Are they ones that are using more simple services? Or are they -- do they
have very complex returns?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

It's a variety, Kartik. It comes down to confidence. Those customers that -- let me actually take a step
back. Out of the 86 million folks that use an assisted method based on our own research that we did
several years ago, 70 million are willing to switch to a digital solution as long as they can have access to
an expert. And so really, these are folks that are choosing to use a digital platform as long as they can
get expert help and their needs could vary. So it's not just the simple filers. It's really an individual that
chooses to use a digital platform with expertise. And so we're getting all kinds of variety of folks that are
choosing to come to TurboTax Live and not just TurboTax Full Service.

Operator

Our next question comes from Matt Pfau of William Blair.

Matthew Charles Pfau
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Just had a question around the free users that you've added over the past 2 years. A big part of the model
has been the ability to bring customers in through free and then have them move up to other tiers as
they experience certain life events. Are you seeing any difference in the cohorts that you brought in over
the past 2 years in terms of that ability to potentially monetize these free users over time? And then are
you also able to market Credit Karma to these customers? Or are there some restrictions around that
depending upon how they come into the Intuit franchise?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Sure, Matt. Our strategy is unchanged. We want as many free customers as we can get for exactly
the reasons that you mentioned. One, we want to serve those customers. But then, two, over time as
their life situation changes, they may have different tax needs. But now with Credit Karma, we have an
opportunity to provide other benefits beyond taxes.

So our strategy is unchanged. I would say, if I use this year, particularly as an example, we have end-to-
end focus on free and particularly with TurboTax Live basic, where we got quite a bit of folks that came in
that were from the assisted category that we love because ultimately, it's about transforming the assisted
category. So our strategy is unchanged. And the growth that we saw was really in line with what we would
have expected.

There are no restrictions with Credit Karma. As I mentioned earlier, we have one launched Credit Karma
as a test as part of the TurboTax filing experience, and we have launched TurboTax as part of the Credit
Karma platform. And we ran 40 tests this year just to learn, to understand how we could really nail the
experience, and we're going to be able to now, given our learnings, scale to a different level as we look
ahead. But there are no restrictions in terms of what we can and can't do. It's really all focused on the
customer experience.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brad Sills of Bank of America.

Bradley Hartwell Sills
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

Great. And I'll add the congratulations on a real nice quarter. I wanted to ask about QuickBooks Advanced.
You've obviously seen some real traction there, and it's an effort to kind of move upmarket. Is there a
limit where perhaps you draw the line, north of which it's going to be difficult for QuickBooks to kind of
go? Or is this really an opportunity, maybe even to go into the next tier, maybe the lower end of the mid-
market at some point as you kind of move up market with QuickBooks Advanced? Obviously, there's that
balance between optimizing for the Small Business and then features for larger organizations. So how are
you thinking about that balance? And where would that limit potentially be?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Sure, Brad. Thank you. First of all, our initial limit that we set just for the sake of focus and really
nailing the experience has been small businesses that are between 10 to 100 employees. And we are very
pleased with our progress. We're continuing to build out the platform to be able to continue to move up
market even within that 10- to 100-employee segment.

With that said, to your question, we don't believe that there's a limit other than what we don't want to
do is serve the Intuits of the world. We don't want to get into a place where we're serving a company the
size of Intuit. And we don't want to get into a place where we get in the professional services, and we're
having to customize the platform. We want it to be something that we can scale, and that is durable.

So the limit will not stop at 100. We put that limit on ourselves to ensure that we could really nail the
experience and be very intentional and focused around our scaling. And at the right time, of course, we'll
communicate to you all when we choose to go beyond the 100, but we believe that there's an opportunity
beyond the segments that we serve today.

Bradley Hartwell Sills
BofA Securities, Research Division

That's great. Sasan, one more similar question on TurboTax. With the progress you're seeing in full
service, do you feel you have the talent base within your CPA pool to be able to kind of go into even
some of the most sophisticated tax returns as you move up into different tax brackets and complexity for
returns?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes, sure. We do and we're providing our own training and certification because one of the things that's
really exciting and unique about what we're doing is we are going after a confidence problem for both
consumers and small businesses. And so as we recruit, we're not only recruiting to ensure that we have
the right expertise that can deliver for customers that need to get their taxes done, but also for small
businesses that not only need advice, but need to get their quarterly taxes done.

And so in addition to hiring the best of the best and looking at partners that are in the marketplace, we
also are building our own capabilities around training and certification. So with both those dimensions, we
feel really good about the type of skills that we'll be able to acquire and retain, but also how we can grow
those skills.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Millman of Millman Research.

Michael Millman
Millman Research Associates

I guess it's a question of what accelerated means. So can I look at your bottom line and expect
accelerated earnings? By that, I mean, 1 year at 15%, next year at 17% and so on? Second question sort
of unrelated to that is on the TurboTax Live. How many returns did you actually report as assisted this
year? And how does that compare with last year? And where do you think that number is going?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Great. Michael, thank you for your question. A couple of things I would say. One, of course, we've
provided guidance for the remainder of the year, and we're very excited and pleased that we're able to
raise our guidance. And we'll talk more at our Investor Day around guidance for not only FY '22, but one
of the things Michelle and I will do as we did last year is beyond guidance, just talk about our long-term
expectations. So I think I would say let's wait till Investor Day to have the conversation beyond the fiscal
year that we are in.

In terms of TurboTax Live, we intentionally do not report the actual numbers in TurboTax Live other than
just our growth rate. I would just reiterate that it is the fastest, continues to be the fastest-growing
platform and product in the company. We're very pleased that it actually accelerated growth from last
year on top of a very good year last year. And then majority of these customers are coming to us from
the assisted category that are -- and one of the things we're pleased about is we had a growth of 100%
of customers that are completely new to Intuit that came to TurboTax Live. So those are some of the stats
and numbers that we've chosen to share publicly, and we'll look forward to sharing more at Investor Day.

Michael Millman
Millman Research Associates

Can I assume, and roughly it's a wash. That is coming from assisted to you. On one hand, offset as those
going into assisted?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

No, I wouldn't call it a wash at all. It's actually why we're able to grow our total base of customers year
after year. So no, no, it is not a wash. And the metrics that I shared earlier, when you look at the total
number of IRS returns, our share of that total actually increased 1 point, which means that our base
continues to increase. So no, it is not a wash. It is an increase in share by Intuit.

Operator

Our next question comes from Josh Beck of KeyBanc.

Josh J. Beck
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

I wanted to ask maybe a 2-parter team. One is around Credit Karma Money. Certainly, you had a really
good progress that you offered, $36 million direct deposits. I'm just wondering how important is it for you
to really translate that into maybe a regular payroll direct deposit as you think about the strategy there.

And a little bit related, just with the amount of momentum and success that you're already seeing with
Credit Karma, does it maybe make you revisit the M&A aperture and maybe want to consider more of
these larger transformative types of deals?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Great, Josh. Thank you. First of all, I just want to clarify one thing to make sure it was not
misinterpreted. We have the opportunity and made Credit Karma Money available to 36 million TurboTax
customers. I don't want you all to interpret that as 36 million customers actually took us up on Credit
Karma money. I wish they did, and our goal is they will over time, but I want to just make sure that, that
was clear.

To the question that you asked, actually a great question gives me an opportunity to just very quickly
paint a picture, and that is the -- I'll go back to what I shared earlier, which is the more we provide
services and benefits to Credit Karma members, the more they will come back to the platform through
our notifications. And the more they will engage with the services. And the more we have an opportunity

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

to actually present more products to them. And then over time, be able to monetize that to drive our
revenue growth.

So the power of Credit Karma Money is if you have a checking account with us or a savings account or
you choose to pick us up on direct payroll deposits, so we can give you early access to your paycheck.
Not everything is necessarily about monetizing every single benefit. But the more we bring you back, the
more that we can offer you, hey, Josh, we have a pre-approved credit card that's right for you. Hey, Josh,
it looks like you're paying X for your auto insurance. We have an offer based on your driving habits to pay
20% less.

So it becomes truly the vision that I described earlier, which is a financial assistant in your pocket where
we are in your corner, to try to help you reduce your debt and put more money in your pocket. So we're
not overly reliant on direct deposits by any means, but it just becomes another benefit and a reason to
engage with the platform, which gives us opportunities to offer more products to you and then be able to
monetize.

And to your last question about M&A, our principles around M&A are steadfast. We, of course, have just
based on some of the acquisitions we've made in the last several years and how well that they've done.
We have a lot more confidence in our ability to execute because we truly studied our history in the last 10
years, what went well, what didn't go well, and that's informed, I mean, a lot of our approaches today.

And really, for us, everything is about speed-to-market. And so if there are -- if there's talent we need to
acquire, technology we need to acquire or a capability like Credit Karma, those principles were informed
decisions. And of course, our confidence has continued to grow, given the execution of the recent
acquisitions.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, I'm not showing any further questions. Would you like to close with any additional
remarks?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I'll be very brief. Thank you for your wonderful questions. And again, I want to thank our Intuit
team and all of our partners for everything that they're doing to innovate for our customers, and we look
forward to talking to you at our next earnings. Take care, everybody. Bye-bye.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. This concludes today's conference call.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 25, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

