Intuit Inc. NasdaqGS:INTU
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 21, 2020 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

4.48

4.49

Revenue  (mm)

2995.47

3002.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-20-2020 1:35 AM GMT

0.22

0.22

1.08

7.10

8.18

1540.18

7385.48

8085.84

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

CONSENSUS

(0.14)

0.25

1.02

4.48

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

ACTUAL

(0.09)

0.41

1.16

4.49

SURPRISE

NM

64.00 %

13.73 %

0.22 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
INTUIT INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Kim Watkins
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

ANALYSTS

Brad Robert Reback
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Daniel William Jester
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Robert Edward Simmons
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Sitikantha Panigrahi
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Hoi-Fung Wong
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Stewart Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Yaoxian Chew
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Josh J. Beck
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Mark Joseph Rende
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Matthew Charles Pfau
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon. My name is Latif, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to
welcome everyone to Intuit's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] With
that, I'll now turn the call over to Kim Watkins, Intuit's Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Watkins?

Kim Watkins
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Latif. Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuit's Third Quarter Fiscal 2020 Conference Call. I'm here
with Intuit's CEO, Sasan Goodarzi; and Michelle Clatterbuck, our CFO.

Before we start, I'd like to remind everyone that our remarks will include forward-looking statements.
There are a number of factors that could cause Intuit's results to differ materially from our expectations.
You can learn more about these risks in the press release we issued earlier this afternoon, our Form 10-
K for fiscal 2019 and our other SEC filings. All of those documents are available on the Investor Relations
page of Intuit's website at intuit.com. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.

Some of the numbers in these remarks are presented on a non-GAAP basis. We've reconciled the
comparable GAAP and non-GAAP numbers in today's press release. Unless otherwise noted, all growth
rates refer to the current period versus the comparable prior year period. And the business metrics and
associated growth rates refer to worldwide business metrics.

A copy of our prepared remarks and supplemental financial information will be available on our website
after this call ends.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Sasan.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Kim, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. I'm going to cover 4 topics on today's call
to help you understand our performance in the quarter and our outlook longer term in context of the
global COVID-19 pandemic. I'll start by sharing how we responded to the pandemic with our employees,
customers, share our results for the quarter and highlight recent trends in our business. Then I'll put
these results in context of our long-term strategy and finish by talking about our playbook for leading in a
downturn to accelerate our performance.

Let's start with our response to the pandemic where unprecedented uncertainty, along with widespread
shelter-in-place initiatives, have changed our daily lives. At the onset of the pandemic, we created an
enterprise crisis team to drive 4 work streams: first, keeping our employees safe and healthy, this has
been and will continue to be our #1 priority; second, ensuring that we run the business effectively and
continue to deliver for our customers; third, keeping our workforce engaged and productive; and fourth,
supporting our customers, our partners and the communities where we live and operate.

I'm proud of how our employees adapted to this sudden change and how seamlessly we transitioned our
10,000-person workforce around the world to a work-from-home environment. I'm even more proud
of how, in the face of uncertainty, our employees' commitment to customers has grown even stronger.
The challenges facing consumers and small businesses during this difficult time have inspired our teams
to innovate with speed and apply platform capabilities to help solve several problems caused by this
pandemic. As a result, let me share 3 examples of how we're helping consumers and small businesses get
access to aid and relief.

First, in less than a week, following the IRS announcement, we introduced 3 free stimulus registration
tools in partnership with the IRS. These offerings helped more than 10 million Americans not required
to file a tax return to easily register with the IRS to get their stimulus money. We're proud to have

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

donated our time and expertise to help the IRS quickly disperse billions of dollars in stimulus payments to
Americans.

Second, we launched Intuit Aid Assist to simplify the process of quickly connecting small businesses to
the right relief funding programs based on eligibility. Intuit Aid Assist uses artificial intelligence to distill
the complexity of hundreds of pages of the CARES Act and convert it into an easy to understand user
experience, delivering a personalized and actionable recommendation. This new tool is based on the same
knowledge engineering, which is used by TurboTax to simplify the tax code.

Third, as of May 20, Intuit helped make available over $875 million of approved small business loans to
customers from the Paycheck Protection Program, or PPP, through QuickBooks Capital. The team rapidly
developed a solution to simplify and automate the PPP loan application process to help the very small
businesses access this program. We've helped approximately 25,000 small businesses access loans with
an average loan of approximately $35,000, keeping up to approximately 150,000 employees on the
payroll. These offerings are a testament to our unique platform and technology capabilities, and we will
continue to find new, innovative ways to help our customers during this time of need.

Now turning to the fiscal third quarter results. Through the first part of the third quarter, we saw a
continuation of great momentum we built during the first half of the year when revenue grew 14%. At the
same time, the impact of the pandemic on taxpayers and small businesses is real. The extension of the
IRS tax filing deadline and local shelter-in-place directives negatively impacted performance beginning in
mid-March. As a result, our total revenue declined 8% in the quarter.

Let me go into more detail with how the quarter played out, starting with our Consumer Group.

The extension of the IRS tax filing deadline from April 15 to July 15 has shifted the timing of millions of
tax filings to later in the season, resulting in 15% decline in Consumer Group revenue during the fiscal
third quarter. Based on the latest IRS data, total returns are down 9.4%, reflecting the later July 15 tax
filing deadline.

The do-it-yourself software category is performing notably better than assisted, and as the category
leader, we're driving category awareness and growth, so we are encouraged by this result. Through May
8, IRS data shows total e-file returns are down 9.6%, with self-prepared e-files up 2.2% and assisted e-
files down 18.8%. Because this data includes stimulus filings for individuals not usually required to file a
tax return, it is not comparable to prior year data.

As of May 8, our data also indicates a majority of expected April higher-value customers with the most
complex returns, and those with balance due have yet to file. Therefore, we're proud of our progress so
far and feel good about where we stand with the TurboTax Online share and ARPC, keeping us on track
entering the last 2 months of the season.

Our strategy is working. We're accelerating our innovation and are well positioned for the remainder of the
season. We're making progress on serving fast-growing, underpenetrated segments, including Latinx, self-
employed and customers with investments. We are focused on increasing customer confidence through
access to experts with TurboTax Live. And we're seeing a positive impact on both conversion and retention
when these customers interact with an expert.

The extension of the season has also given us the opportunity to run additional experiments to improve
the experience, product lineup and pricing for the future.

Let me turn to Small Business. We began to see an impact from COVID-19 on our business in mid-March
as many small businesses began closing or significantly scaling back their operations, leading to a loss
of income and rising unemployment. Despite these headwinds, Small Business and Self-Employed Group
revenue grew 11%, and online ecosystem revenue grew 28%.

Let me share some of the recent trends in our business. During the second half of the quarter, QuickBooks
Online new customer acquisition decelerated approximately 15 points versus the first half, and retention
within the existing customer base decreased by 2 points versus a year ago. We continue to expect
the Small Business customer base and ARPC to grow in fiscal year 2020. The services offerings within

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

QuickBooks Online have experienced an even greater impact. For example, after growing approximately
30% year-over-year through mid-March, payment charge volume was flat year-over-year during the
second half of the quarter. Within our online payroll offering, after an increase of 20% year-over-year and
workers paid through mid-March, workers paid decreased 10% year-over-year during the second half
of the quarter. Similarly, after the total number of companies running payroll grew 15% year-over-year
through mid-March, the number of companies running payroll was approximately flat during the second
half of the quarter. These trends could result in higher attrition and lower revenue in the future. Despite
limited visibility near term, we are more inspired than ever to achieve our 2025 prosperity, reputation and
growth goals.

As a reminder, our prosperity goals are to double household savings rate and improve the success rate
of small businesses by 10 points better than benchmark for anyone on our platform. We will do so by
becoming an AI-driven expert platform and doubling down on our 5 big bets. As we look into the future,
we have resourced our big bets for acceleration. Let me share our progress on each of these bets.

Big bet #1 is foundational to accelerate innovation across our platform. I'll come back to this one in a
minute since it supports the other 4 big bets.

Big bet #2 is all about connecting people to experts. One of the largest problems our customers face is
lack of confidence to do their own taxes and to manage their business. We're connecting customers to
experts on our platform to solve this problem with TurboTax Live and QuickBooks Live, allowing us to
reach more customers, deepen engagement and grow ARPC. Within TurboTax Live this season, we've
improved access to an expert through real-time chat and a floating Live Help button, contributing to
improving customer conversion and retention. On the expert side of the platform, we're using AI to
improve the experience by automating repetitive tasks and presenting experts with a contextual customer
information based on the location of the customer within the product experience. As a result, we've seen
average session handle time decline nearly 20% this season, while at the same time providing a better
experience for our customers. This season, we've earned the highest customer satisfaction scores for
TurboTax Live ever.

For QuickBooks Live, we're seeing promising early results. With the rapid shift to virtual solutions, we're
seeing better-than-expected customer acquisition, and we continue to experiment across the lineup. For
example, we further refined the setup offering we introduced in January. We're seeing an encouraging
number of customers who have used the setup offering to upgrade their monthly subscription, making us
optimistic that it's a great way to introduce customers to the benefits of QuickBooks Live.

Our third big bet is to unlock smart money decisions for customers by connecting them to financial tools
and partners that help put more money in their pockets. In its third season, we're on track to nearly
double active use for Turbo. This suggests customers are finding value from our recently introduced
innovations like mobile refund tracking and weekly credit card -- credit score updates.

And in this challenging environment, our pending acquisition of Credit Karma is more important than ever
as we help consumers make better financial decisions.

Our fourth big bet is to become the center of small business growth by helping our customers sell in
an omnichannel world, get paid fast, manage capital and pay employees with confidence. We recently
launched Cash Flow Planner in QuickBooks Online. Managing cash flow is the biggest problem our
customers face, one that is only magnified during this difficult period. Cash Flow Planner is an AI-powered
interactive tool that looks at small businesses' financial history to predict future money in and money out
events, enabling a small business customer to forecast its cash needs more accurately.

Within payments, we're offering our payments customers free access to instant deposits to put more
money in their hands even faster. Since this free offer became available, the volume of payments received
instantly by our customers has more than doubled. This offering is in its early days.

Within payroll, we're enabling our small business customers to hold on to their money longer by using our
money movement capabilities to pay employees next day. As a result, we've reduced the time between
running payroll and paying employees by 1/3, driving product recommendation scores up 10%.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Our fifth big bet is to disrupt the mid-market with QuickBooks Online Advanced, our online offering
designed to address the needs of small business customers with 10 to 100 employees. We developed
this offering to help us increase retention of larger customers and attract new mid-market customers
who are overserved by higher-priced competitive offerings. We introduced several new features to help
our customers individually tailor the product to their needs, including building their own dashboard and
additional custom fields for expense transactions. We continue to work closely with partners to develop
integrations that save our customers' time and improve their experience. Now more than ever, a cloud
offering is needed by mid-market customers at a disruptive price.

Now let me wrap up our big bets by circling back to bet #1, which is our foundational bet to revolutionize
speed to benefit for our customers. Our goal is to deliver benefits to our customers instantly and to
make the interactions with our offerings frictionless by accelerating the application of AI. Earlier, I shared
several examples of how we're using AI to provide customers access to help through Intuit Aid Assist and
PPP funds through QuickBooks Capital, or how our customers are accessing funds with instant deposit,
managing cash flow with Cash Flow Planner, or how we're improving the experience for experts with AI.
We are uniquely positioned to use AI to unlock the power of data and service to our customers, both the
velocity and impact of our innovation.

Now let me share our thoughts on the bigger picture in the current environment. We expect this
environment to act as an accelerant to the bets we've declared. First, we expect to see an accelerating
shift to our virtual world. This aligns with our big bet to connect people to experts using technology
to improve confidence. Second, the need for small businesses to increase their online presence and
commerce will become more essential. This aligns with our big bet to be the center of small business
growth by providing tools and visibility for customers to better manage their cash flow. Finally, as we've
seen in previous times of hardship, we expect consumers to put a high premium on offerings that can
improve their financial health, which aligns with our bet to help consumers unlock smart money decisions.
This includes helping our customers with saving more money and getting out of debt and becoming a
trusted financial assistant in their pocket with our pending acquisition of Credit Karma.

Our strategy in big bets position us better than ever before. We have a proven playbook that focuses
our investments on accelerated innovation and what matters most. In that context, we have aligned
the company to invest in what's most important for future growth while delivering against our financial
principles. We intend to play offense during this downturn by investing in the largest opportunities for the
future, our big bets.

When we do our job well, we believe we will come out of this downturn stronger than ever before.

To wrap up, I'm incredibly proud of our accomplishments this quarter. We remain focused on what matters
most to our customers and those things that we can control during this time of uncertainty.

Now let me hand it over to Michelle.

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Sasan. Good afternoon, everyone. I'll start by adding my thoughts on the playbook we're using to
run the business during these challenging economic times and then provide an overview of our financial
results this quarter.

As Sasan shared, we've been through tough economic times before and have developed a playbook of
principles for operating in a downturn. These principles are designed to accelerate our execution in the
future and help both our customers and Intuit emerge from a downturn in a stronger position than when it
began.

One of those principles is focusing on controlling what we can, including discretionary spending to deliver
bottom line results. Roughly 3/4 of Intuit's expense base is variable over time. We're scrutinizing all
expenses and carefully managing what we can control in this environment, such as travel, marketing
spend and hiring decisions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Let me now turn to our results.

As Sasan mentioned, we saw a continuation of the strong momentum we built through the second quarter
during the first half of the third quarter, followed by a slowdown in our business beginning in mid-March.
For the third quarter of fiscal 2020, we delivered revenue of $3 billion, down 8% year-over-year. GAAP
operating income of $1.4 billion, a 21% decrease. Non-GAAP operating income of $1.5 billion, an 18%
decrease. GAAP diluted earnings per share of $4.11, a 21% decrease. And non-GAAP diluted earnings per
share of $4.49, a 19% decrease.

Turning to the business segments. Consumer Group revenue was $1.8 billion, down 15% in the third
quarter. This decline reflects the delay of the IRS tax filing deadline to July 15, which is shifting revenue
out of the third quarter and into the fourth quarter. We're pleased with what we've seen season-to-date.
The do-it-yourself category continues to grow faster than assisted, and we feel good about where we
stand with TurboTax Online share. With 2 months still to go in the season, it's difficult to know if these
trends will continue or whether more consumers will choose to file an extension. Either way, we expect the
DIY category to gain share again this season, as it has for more than a decade.

And in the Strategic Partner Group, professional tax revenues declined 18% in the third quarter,
reflecting the impact of the delayed tax filing deadline on the timing of consumer tax filings completed by
accountants. We grew Small Business and Self-Employed Group revenue 11% during the third quarter,
driven by online ecosystem revenue growth of 28%. Our strategic focus within Small Business and Self-
Employed is to grow the core, connect the ecosystem and expand globally.

Starting with grow the core, QuickBooks Online accounting revenue grew 36% in fiscal Q3, driven mainly
by customer growth, higher effective prices and, to a lesser extent, mix shift. During the second half of
the quarter, we saw the pace of new customer acquisition and retention both decline, especially among
lower ARPC customers. Keep in mind that there is a lagging impact to QuickBooks Online accounting
revenue, although we do expect both our subscriber base and ARPC to grow during fiscal year 2020.

Second, we continue to focus on connecting the ecosystem. Online services revenue, which includes
payroll, payments, time tracking and capital, grew 16% in fiscal Q3. Within payroll, we continue to see
revenue tailwinds during the quarter from a mix shift to our full-service offering. Roughly 2/3 of online
payroll revenue is generated from monthly subscription fees, and 1/3 is generated from per employee
monthly fees. Within payments, revenue growth reflects continued customer growth, along with an
increase in charge volume per customer. During the second half of the quarter, charge volume decelerated.
Fewer workers were paid and fewer companies ran payroll. These leading indicators could result in higher
attrition and lower revenue for these offerings in the future.

Third, our progress expanding globally added to the growth of online ecosystem revenue during fiscal Q3.
Total international online revenue again grew over 50%, reflecting subscriber and ARPC growth earlier in
the fiscal year. However, this momentum has slowed and could result in decelerating revenue growth in
the future.

Desktop ecosystem revenue declined to 6% in the third quarter. Desktop units declined sharply, reflecting
lower sales through the retail and direct channels beginning in mid-March. This was offset by mid-single-
digit QuickBooks Desktop Enterprise revenue growth. Within our desktop payroll offering, nearly 10%
fewer workers were paid during the second half of the quarter versus a year ago. This compares to growth
in the mid-single digits during the first half of the quarter through mid-March. Desktop payments charge
volume growth declined just over 20% in the second half of the quarter.

As we've shared, Intuit is helping small businesses obtain loans from the Paycheck Protection Program
through QuickBooks Capital. We're working in partnership with an SBA-approved bank, and we're also
directly funding a portion of these loans. We don't expect to hold these loans on our balance sheet, and
revenue from these loans was immaterial during the quarter.

Let me turn to our pending acquisition of Credit Karma. We expect the acquisition to be accretive over
time. But given the current environment, we don't have visibility into whether it will be neutral to accretive
in the first full fiscal year after closing. We continue to expect the transaction to close during the second

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

half of calendar year 2020, and we're excited about the unprecedented benefits we can deliver together
for customers.

Turning to our financial principles. We remain committed to growing organic revenue double digits
and growing operating income dollars faster than revenue. We take a disciplined approach to capital
management, investing the cash we generate in opportunities that yield an expected return on investment
greater than 15%. We continue to focus on reallocating resources to top priorities as a company, with an
emphasis on becoming an AI-driven expert platform. These principles remain our long-term commitment,
although we recognize that we may not be able to achieve them in the current environment.

Our first priority for the cash we generate is investing in the business to drive customer and revenue
growth. We consider acquisitions to accelerate our growth and fill out our product road map. We return
excess cash that we can't invest profitably in the business to shareholders via share repurchases and
dividends.

We finished the quarter with approximately $4 billion in cash and investments on our balance sheet.
On May 7, we drew down the full amount of our $1 billion revolving credit facility to maintain financial
flexibility. We repurchased $40 million of stock in the third quarter but have temporarily suspended share
purchases in conjunction with the Credit Karma acquisition, as is typical during a stock transaction. We
have approximately $2.4 billion remaining on our authorization, and we expect to be in the market in the
future.

The Board approved a quarterly dividend of $0.53 per share, payable July 20, 2020. This represents a
13% increase versus last year. We will not be providing guidance today. As a reminder, we withdrew our
fiscal 2020 guidance earlier this month, reflecting uncertainty in current small business trends.

With that, I'll turn it back over to Sasan.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Great. Thanks, Michelle. We are uniquely positioned to make a positive impact on the world during this
time. I'm proud of the actions that we've taken as a company to support our customers when they need
us most. We've acted with speed, enabled our employees to be safe and productive working from home
and continuing to innovate for our customers. We're using our capabilities to rapidly deploy solutions to
help consumers and small businesses access the products and relief that they need during this difficult
time. I'm confident we'll emerge an even stronger company.
So with that, let me turn it over to you, Latif.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Kirk Materne of Evercore ISI.

Stewart Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Sasan, maybe just to start with you. When you think about sort of this environment and what you all
have to do to sort of help your client base out, is there anything you've done differently, I guess, in terms
of either invoicing duration or obviously discounting? I guess just how do you think about sort of -- and
balance really the short term versus the long term? Obviously, you mentioned that the shift towards
virtual is clearly going to happen faster, and I think nobody would argue with you about that. But could
you just talk about sort of how you're talking or thinking about, I guess, pricing when it gets down to it
and invoicing with your clients in this very difficult environment for a lot of them?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Kirk, great to hear your voice, and I hope you're doing well. And thank you for your question. Let me
take it in maybe 2 ways. One, maybe mid longer-term and then the other is the here and now. First of all,
we have a playbook for times like this. And our playbook is really about focusing on customers, focusing
on innovation and putting our investment dollars in the areas that matter the most, but then, as you heard
from Michelle, being very diligent in terms of our expense envelope.

With that said, as we look at the long term, we're actually quite excited about the current environment,
not the health element of it, but the fact that it will accelerate folks moving to a virtual world, folks
moving to having more online presence and commerce capabilities. And then money has always been
important, but we believe more than ever, ways to save money and get out of debt is going to be more
important than ever before. And our big bets are squarely focused on the things that matter the most.
And we happen, by the way, to be going through our 1- and 3-year planning process, which literally was
happening in parallel of when the pandemic started. And it was at that time where we actually used the
opportunity not only to be clear about a conservative investment envelope for our next fiscal year, but to
really ensure that we can take the dollars that we have allocated and use them as an accelerant for our
bets. And we just finalized our 1- and 3-year plan internally and have allocated our dollars to the big bets
and the ones that matter most and, in fact, again, using it as an opportunity to accelerate.

So we actually feel good about the things that we can control and the things that we need to do for our
customers to come out of this even stronger.

With that said, and going to the very, today, here and now, elements of your question, part of our
playbook is to ensure that we really bend over backwards and do what's right for customers in this kind
of an environment. And beyond the innovations that you heard that we kind of turned on a dime to
deliver like instant deposit for free, PPP, the free stimulus offerings that we, in essence, brought to the
marketplace, there are elements of things that we're doing for our customers, such as we paused any
price increases that we plan. We paused our full-service payroll migration, which has significant benefits
for customers and those that migrate to [ upgrade ], but we didn't want to have our customers think
about payroll migration in a time like this.

As we've communicated in the past, we, in essence, launched a new lineup in QuickBooks, one element
of it being QuickBooks Advanced, which allows us to serve mid-market customers. That comes with very
clear lines of number of users, number of invoices that you can pay, the number of transactions. And for
now, we've actually paused that important line where you have to migrate to QuickBooks Advanced, all
of which, at the right time, we will put back in place. But we're being very diligent to do what's right for
customers. And we're getting a lot of great feedback from customers, inclusive of some of the discounting
that we put in place to acquire new customers in these very uncertain times.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

So those are just some of the examples of the things that we're doing. We have a proven playbook. We're
really -- the team is executing quite well against it.

Stewart Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And just if I could ask just a really quick follow-up. I assume, given what's going on, has really no impact
on sort of your initial thought process around sort of the integration plan for Credit Karma. Is that correct?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

It does not. We're actually more excited about what we can do with Credit Karma to accelerate, helping
customers save money and reduce debt. So it has not changed our plans.

Operator

Our next question comes from Keith Weiss of Morgan Stanley.

Mark Joseph Rende
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Mark Rende on for Keith Weiss here. So I wanted to dig in a little bit to the TurboTax side. So obviously, a
big shift in revenues related to the filing extension. But have you guys seen any change in the mix of free
files? Was that any reason for the kind of push on revenues? Any detail around that free filing mix would
be helpful.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Sure, Mark. Thanks for your question. First of all, I'll just remind us that when you look at the categories
that we serve, the DIY category is about $3 billion in TAM. The assisted category is about $20 billion in
TAM. And then the consumer finance space, which we're going to be able to accelerate serving with Credit
Karma, is about $57 billion in TAM.

In that context, very specifically to your question, this is actually the part of the season that is our
strength. Really, the revenue that shifted into the fourth quarter is because of the fact that the IRS
deadline shifted. And these are actually the more high-value customers, the more complex customers and
the ones that have balanced due. And it's actually our strength. This part of the season is our strength
because it's our customers with the highest retention over the years.

And so given where we are with the category growth and given that we're the champions of the do-
it-yourself category with the category growth and what we see with share in our ARPC, we feel good
about where we are, and we feel -- and we're excited about playing our game in the last 2 months of the
season, which is our strength. And we've really not seen anything outside of what we would expected from
an FFA perspective. So really, the revenue shift is entirely because of the shift in the deadline.

Mark Joseph Rende
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Excellent. Really helpful. If I could sneak in one quick follow-up. So there's obviously been a big uptick
in share gains this season in DIY. How do you expect that -- do you expect it to normalize into the back
half of the season as like shelter-in-place kind of restrictions come off and ease and people can go to a tax
professional or a CPA? Or do you see this being relatively durable throughout the rest of the season?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I'll make 2 comments. One is I think this pandemic will drive structural and behavior changes across
many industries, whether it's education, whether how you get mortgage loans, to how you manage your
business, to how you do your taxes. And the great news is we're positioned well with our digital platform

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

to serve customers with assistance to really take advantage of the opportunity, and there's just simply a
tailwind of more and more folks wanting to be able to do their taxes themselves and if they need help to
be able to get that assistance in the comfort of their home. We'll have to see how the season plays out. I
don't want to second-guess whether these current trends will continue or not. But what I would tell you
is that the shift to a virtual world probably accelerated by 5 years across many, many different industries,
and I think that will be the same thing that we'll see play out when it comes to doing your taxes and/or
helping small businesses manage their books, which is where QuickBooks Live comes into play.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brent Thill of Jefferies.

Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Many companies have been giving us a little bit of color into the current month, and I'm curious if there's
any color about what you're seeing from the perspective of April carrying into May. Any notable items
would be helpful.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Sure, Brett. Good to hear your voice, and hope you're safe and sound. So what I would say is, if I
just touch on the first couple of weeks in May, we have seen a stabilization. To be specific, we've seen
stabilization in charge volume, the number of payroll companies that are paying their employees. We've
seen stabilization in the number of companies that are tracking their time through TSheets. We've been
seeing the same thing with acquisition of new customers, and we've seen stabilization on the retention
front. And on desktop, we've seen a little bit of an uptick because we deliberately slowed down the
communication of upgrades to our desktop customers because the timing of doing so was really right in
line with when the pandemic hit. And so now that we've started that communication, there's been a little
bit of an uptick.

I think what's really important, if I put all of this in context, is it's several weeks of trends. And we want to
make sure that we don't portray several weeks of trends into a trend, but we have seen a stabilization in
the first 2 weeks, but we clearly want to see the economy come back and ultimately see small businesses
open up and see if that trend continues.

Operator

Our next question comes from Robert Simmons of RBC Capital Markets.

Robert Edward Simmons
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

So can you talk about how you've adjusted with the amount and the timing of your advertising spending
and the overall market across the different segments, given the tax season is more spread out this year
and other factors?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes, sure, Robert. Thank you for your question. Let me make 2 points. One, when this pandemic hit
beyond the fact that we were right in the middle of our 3- and 1-year planning, and it was a great
opportunity for us to agree to a conservative investment envelope as we look ahead to really continue to
build our muscle in terms of prioritization and resource allocation, we also then looked at the here and
now and what changes we would make. And we did reduce discretionary funds in areas that we were very
comfortable with. Of course, travel is a given, but hiring and marketing across the board.

And specifically in TurboTax, both customer success and marketing, we, of course, needed to kind of
replan, which the team has done, we have a playbook around this, and extend it between now and July

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

15. And so we've done that. But I would say, overall, the company's discretionary spend are down because
we lowered it for all the right reasons, but particularly in tax, we just simply extended it through the end
of July.

We expect, by the way, just so it's not a black box, that we'll need to spend up to $20 million in both
customer success and marketing because of the extension of the tax season to ensure that we're there for
our customers, but we've also reallocated dollars from other places in the company to make up for it.

Robert Edward Simmons
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Got it. That makes sense. And then can you talk to how the economics of PPP work for Intuit in terms like
what kind of cut of the fees you keep and that sort of thing?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes, sure. Maybe if I could just ask Michelle to take that?

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

Absolutely. We haven't talked specifically about the monetization. As Sasan talked about earlier, we did say
that we've provided $875 million of PPP small business loans. And we're working with an SBA-approved
bank to fund these loans. We're funding some directly, but it's a small amount, and we don't expect to
hold those.

We will expect to earn about 3% to 4%, including servicing, on the loans themselves.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brad Zelnick of Crédit Suisse.

Yaoxian Chew
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

It's Yao Chew on for Brad Zelnick. And thanks for what you're doing for small businesses out there. I
have a question as it relates to Intuit capital and potentially Credit Karma. From my understanding,
the business models of these segments rely on algorithms that are basically a combination of historical
behavior and real-time data. One of the criticisms of fintech is that every crisis has driven from the next
and that some of these algorithms may be building data from the last cycle that may not be so relevant in
the current one.

As we look our way through this, can you share some thoughts on a couple of things? Firstly, how well
these businesses and algorithms are working? And does the value proposition remain intact for these
data-centric plays? And where are the main gaps or differences in behavior where you may have needed
to intervene? And I guess, based on that, do you think managing through this crisis inherently increases
the value of these assets in the longer term, playing through both the downswing and the recovery?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Thank you for the question, Yao, and good to hear your voice and hope all is well. Let me make a general
comment, maybe 2 general comments and then get more specific to your question.

I think that, first of all, as you know us and Credit Karma are operating as 2 separate companies. But
what I can tell you from the due diligence that we did, we were very impressed with their machine
learning capabilities, their ability to do quality checks to watch for bias and adjust their models on a daily
basis because they use 2,600-plus data points per customer to run their models, and so they're always
adjusting. But let me -- that's in context of the due diligence that we did. And I would just say the second
macro point is, this is one of the reasons why we believe that this environment is actually an accelerant

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

for us to find ways to help customers put more money in their pocket, save money and get out of debt
because of all the machine learning capabilities that we have, both Credit Karma has and that we have,
that in this current environment, done the right way, actually allows us to adjust our models to better
serve customers.

Now let me get more specific, I think, to your question, around the QuickBooks Capital. We have --
this QuickBooks Capital and the machine learning capabilities in the platform is something that we've
been working on for years, both cleaning up the data, so we can use 26 billion data sources and the 360
information that we have from our customers and with their permission to be able to use to, in essence,
know what loans that they can be able to take on, what capacity, the number of months and how quickly
we can adjust our dial. And one of the things that the team has done that's a wonderful progress is that
we do checks for biases. In -- whether in this environment or in a different environment, we're always
checking for biases so we can adjust the model. And the model is built in such a way where we can adjust
it on a daily basis, so we can learn very, very quickly. And we -- what we see in this environment is that
it's actually a great opportunity to accelerate our learning so that we can be much more pinpointed in
terms of what we can do for customers and when we can do it for the customer. So I'm proud of our
QuickBooks Capital team and what they've been able to actually accomplish, and we're learning and
adjusting more daily.

And by the way, those capabilities is not just for QuickBooks Capital. We use those same capabilities for
instant deposits, same-day payments. We use those same capabilities for same-day payroll. And so these
capabilities are truly platform capabilities that we can use across the company.

Yaoxian Chew
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. If I may sneak one more quick one in. What are the main constraints on distributing PPP funds
faster at this point?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

I'm sorry. Could you ask your question one more time?

Yaoxian Chew
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Yes. I know you've distributed about 800 -- a bunch of PPP funds to date, are there -- can you talk to the
main constraints on the ability to distribute the funds faster to your base?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. First of all, we truly admire what the team in Treasury and SBA has done to make these loans
available and all the checks that they've had to do on privacy and security to be able to distribute these
loans. So they truly deserve an applause for the work that they've done.

To get to your question, we actually have been able to move quite fast and quite rapidly because of the
fact that we know our customers' data, whether it's QuickBooks Payroll customers or QuickBooks Desktop
payroll customers or self-employed that have actually filed their taxes with us and be able to very quickly
help them apply for the loan. Really, the biggest inhibitor has been all of those that are applying for the
loan and having to wait in line to be able to get the loans approved by the SBA. And so really, that's where
the bottleneck is. And by the way, the SBA is actually moving quite fast. It's just the number of loans
that's coming out on loan request and how they have to process it and ensure that they reduce fraud,
that's, I think, probably the most difficult part.

But on our end, we've been able to move very, very rapidly, and we don't really have too many obstacles
in front of us.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Our next question comes from the line of Siti Panigrahi of Mizuho.

Sitikantha Panigrahi
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Sasan, you talked about one of the bets is in like selling in omnichannel world. In fact, we are seeing small
businesses, they are trying to have their online presence are moving to more of e-commerce environment.
So could you give us some color like how Intuit can help? And how big is an opportunity for Intuit from
helping SMB moving to online?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thank you for your question. Again, great to hear your voice and hope you're safe and sound. When
you think about Intuit's base, we serve primarily service-based businesses. And one of the core drivers
behind our bet #4, which is being the center of small business growth, and one element of it being really a
-- providing transformative experiences to make it easy for our customers to do commerce across multiple
channels is to actually be able to accelerate serving and penetrating product-based businesses. But it's
interesting what this environment is causing, so now let me get to answer your question in 2 ways.

One is even service-based businesses, they're actually -- if you remember at Investor Day, we shared last
year that we have 400-million-plus invoices that our customers send out, but about 12% are payment-
enabled. We're actually seeing more and more service-based businesses that are actually looking to make
all of their payments payment-enabled, so they can actually get paid online faster and be able to get out
of the paper world. And so this is having a -- this is going to, over time, have an impact on service-based
businesses to get out of doing manual payroll and doing it online because they've seen with the Paycheck
Protection Program, if you can't prove your payroll data, you're not really -- you're not going to be able
to be first in line to get a loan. And so it's going to impact more and more service-based businesses going
online, which is where our sweet spot is.

The second element, though, was the question that you asked, which is omnichannel. And really, the
core problem that we want to solve based on well over a year of conversations with our customers is,
it's actually quite easy for our customers to get set up on different channels, whether it's Instagram,
Facebook, Etsy, Amazon, that's not their biggest issue. Their biggest issue is they lose sight of which
customer is coming from which channel, which customer is profitable, are they getting paid on time across
the different channels, how that connects to their inventory, because clearly, you don't want to run out of
inventory and fulfillment is critical. And so the problem that we want to solve is really, if I put it in simple
terms, having an app where you can actually see all the orders that came in through all the different
channels in one place. You can ultimately, over time, see the profitability of your payment. It connects to
profitability of your customers. You can see how it connects to your inventory and it automatically tells you
that you're going to have to fulfill your inventory.

We're in the very early stages of solving that problem, but we're very clear on what the problem is. And
we believe this environment will not only, over time, help us penetrate service-based businesses, but it will
position us, bet #4, to serve product-based businesses. So that's the way we see it, and that's the way we
think about it.

Sitikantha Panigrahi
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Yes. And if I could ask one question on tax. This is unusual tax filing year. Now it's shifted from 15 to July
15 from April 15. So what percent of the people have -- usually those file taxes, if you exclude the people,
those who file for stimulus check, what percentage have now not yet filed and moved to maybe for this
quarter? And also, what are the trends you are seeing in terms of TurboTax Live adoption so far?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Sure. Well, first of all, I'll start by affirming it is very unusual season because I don't think we've been in a
place where tax season has been extended. But in many ways, it's affording us new opportunities because
our team has built for times like this and things like experimenting in ways that we otherwise wouldn't be
able to. So our team is doing a wonderful job leveraging the current opportunity.

If you think about last year, there was 155 million returns filed, and I think there's 110-ish million that
have been filed already, and the actual specific numbers are on the IRS website. But nevertheless, that
would tell you that you've got 40 million, 45 million customers that still need to file their taxes between
now and July 15. So that kind of gives you a feel for what's left to come.

In terms of TurboTax Live, we focus this year on improving first-time use. We really focused on providing
more access to experts because when our customers engage an expert, our conversion and retention goes
up. And we're really focused on improving the expert side of the platform, meaning that experts would
contextually know where the customer is and how to best serve them and help them very, very quickly.
And so far, TurboTax Live is really delivering within the expectations that we have had for it. And we've
got 2 months of the most complex filers that are still left to come. And so we're excited to serve as many
customers as we can between now and then through TurboTax Live.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ken Wong of Guggenheim Securities.

Hoi-Fung Wong
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. And thanks for all the good color on the first half, second half splits. Maybe I'll steer this question
towards Michelle. So obviously, lots of unknowns in kind of going forward, but as we think about your kind
of ability to guide, or I guess lack thereof, is this more a matter of kind of magnitude in terms of things
could get worse? Or just an issue of duration in terms of not understanding how long this might play out?

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

Ken, thanks for the call -- question. First of all, I would say that, as Sasan said, we are starting to see a
few trends in the business that are stabilizing, and he enumerated those a minute ago. But it just doesn't
make sense off of 2 weeks of data to be able to predict going forward. So that is really the biggest issue
there.

But I would say, don't confuse the lack of guidance with the lack of confidence in our business and our
strategy. So in fact, we've never been more confident in our business, our strategy of becoming an AI-
driven expert platform and the 5 big bets that we've declared. But confidence doesn't mean certainty, and
we're in a very uncertain environment, as we've discussed. And so that's actually why we're not issuing
guidance. It's really around the uncertainty.

Operator

Our next question comes from Daniel Jester of Citi.

Daniel William Jester
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Great. Another one on QuickBooks Capital, if I can. For the loans that you've made for PPP, how many
of those customers were brand-new and never really used the QuickBooks Capital loan program before?
Maybe you can just kind of -- just in terms of repeat usage there, I'd be interested to see if you're
expanding the ability on the back end of this to get people already in your system to use QuickBooks
Capital?

And then just are there any learnings, either from the regulatory or the go-to-market there, that could
accelerate Quickbooks Capital in the back end of this?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

CEO, President & Director

Yes, sure. Thanks for your question, and Kim and/or Michelle will keep me honest on this. Our goal was
to serve as many small businesses as we could. And of course, we started with our existing base. And I
believe that all of the current customers that we serve are all existing QuickBooks customers. So I'll get
confirmation if I got that wrong, but it's been primarily all existing customers.

And I would tell you, to the second part of your question, it's incredible, the halo effect that we've
gotten by all the things that I mentioned earlier from very quickly partnering with the IRS to launch the
stimulus offerings, to what we've done with the PPP program, to what we've done to fund and partner with
GoFundMe and -- which is a crowd-sourcing platform to help small businesses get access to money, which
I think has been almost close to $40 million of small businesses have gotten access to just a number
of things that we've done has gotten really a lot of attention for QuickBooks as a brand that can help
customers. And I think this current environment and what we have to do very specifically around PPP just
really made our machine model -- machine learning models stronger, which allows us to make our services
stronger, which allows us to really, over time, helps us better serve payments, payroll and ultimately,
QuickBooks Capital customers.

Daniel William Jester
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Great. And then on Turbo and Mint, I think you, in your prepared remarks, talked a bit about engagement.
I'm just wondering if you could provide a little bit more color there. Does engagement mean clicks? Or
does it mean actually going through and purchasing a credit card or a loan through your partner? I'm just
wondering if you could give some more color there.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Sure, yes. Yes, absolutely. So we have seen more demand, less supply. And so on the demand side means
that customers are really interested in their credit score. They're really interested in setting goals for their
credit score and learning from us how to improve their credit score by potentially making payments on
time or checking on the status of their refund and, of course, more interested in then getting access to
whether it's personal loans, credit cards, those sorts of things.

What we've seen an impact on is on the supply side because in this kind of an environment, although
the digital platform has the highest return for financial institutions, we've seen some financial institutions
pull back temporarily off of the Turbo and Mint platform, but it's also the first place qualitatively that
they told us they want to come back to. They're just waiting for the current environment, specifically
unemployment, to stabilize, so they can then come back onto the platform. So higher demand, less supply
from a financial institution side, which means less monetization.

Operator

Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer.

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

The -- my first question is during fiscal '09 global financial crisis, Small Business was relatively flattish.
I think the revenue was down only 1%. And Sasan, I'd love to hear your thoughts, just high level
conceptually, about just a compare and contrast about that time versus this time, what we're seeing and
what could be good case, bad case?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Sure. Sure. Well, what I would start with is to build on your point. In '08, '09 time frame, what you, in
essence, saw was, in essence, the total number of small businesses that went out of business, it up ticked
a couple of points. The number of businesses that started down ticked a couple of points. So there was

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

kind of a 3-, 4-point impact on the total number of small businesses. And the second thing I would say is
things are, in some ways, very different than '08 and '09 on 2 dimensions. One is '08 and '09 was actually
a recession caused by the health of financial institutions. This is a pandemic that's health-driven, where,
in essence, small businesses have been completely shut down. The economy was actually quite healthy,
but now it's not because of the shutdown of small businesses, which has also caused a recession. So in
some ways, they're very different. But in many ways, the impact that we're seeing is the same, which is
customer acquisition, as I mentioned earlier, has slowed down. Retention has down ticked a few points.
Charge volume has down ticked from being up 30 to now it's been flat post mid-March COVID impact. And
so that's the impact, of course, that we're seeing now, but our business is also very different.

We have a larger portion of our small business is subscription-based, and it's in the cloud. Whereas back
then, it was primarily desktop, which sees a sharper decline but also a sharper rebound. So with all of that
said, those are the 2, 3 things that from 2 perspective are different. I would reiterate what I mentioned
earlier, we are not trying to second-guess the market, or meaning, how fast things will rebound or how
long this is going to -- this impact will stay in place. So we're very focused on our controllables, which is
accelerating our focus on our big bets, helping our customers in times like this, just to ensure that we are
positioned to come out of this much, much stronger than when we even went into it.

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

And as a follow-up over on the tax side. Just curious what insight you have from the IRS thus far with
regard to the stimulus filings. And I believe, in your April 13 press release, you said you thought that
would be for more than 10 million Americans, but not a very clear number. Do you have an idea what type
of impact that number will be on the IRS volume results this year for tax filing?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Sure. We're -- we -- of course, as I mentioned earlier, the numbers, the stimulus numbers are actually in
the current filings, and we believe, at some point, the IRS will hopefully separate them, so there's visibility
for our investment community, what the actual tax returns are versus stimulus returns.

80% of folks have actually been eligible for the stimulus money. The point that we tried to be clear about
earlier is that there are 10 million people that don't typically have to file their taxes that are also eligible,
and so they have to go through the stimulus offering to be able to get access to the funds. And we believe
at some point, by the end of the tax season, the IRS will flesh that out and communicate what the actual
tax returns are versus stimulus filings.

What we should be left with is it doesn't change the perspective that we shared about the business. The
do-it-yourself category is growing. We're seeing a larger and faster shift to the category. We feel good
about where we are relative to our online share in ARPC. And this is the part of the season that's our
strength, and we're looking forward to finishing the next couple of months out.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brad Reback of Stifel.

Brad Robert Reback
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Great. Michelle, you had mentioned earlier about 3/4 of the expense base is variable and taken some
actions and enforcing some actions around travel, marketing and hiring. Can you give us a sense on what
amount you're saving right now with those things?

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

Brad, thanks for the question. What I would start with is, I would say that we have principles around
leading through a downturn, and they have been proven out. One of the principles in our playbook, as

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

I mentioned, is really around controlling what we can, discretionary spend so that we can deliver our
bottom line results. We're looking at all of our expenses. Some of those that are easiest to control though
are the travel, the marketing spend and the hiring decisions. I'm personally, along with everyone on
Sasan's staff, making sure that we're really thinking about what we can do in the short term, but we're
also taking a look at things that may have a longer-term impact, things like our real estate decisions and
working remotely.

As Sasan also mentioned a little bit ago, we will have some increases in expenses that's for the tax
season, the extended season, about $20 million. That's marketing and customer success. But we have
been able to offset some of that with the discretionary spend. We haven't given a specific number, but we
feel very good about the actions that we've been taking in order to get our spend in line and set ourselves
up for next year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Josh Beck of KeyBanc.

Josh J. Beck
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Congrats on all the great work you've done for your customers. Probably a higher-level question for
Sasan. You talked about this idea of virtual acceleration. And just given your purview and that you see
how businesses and consumers are behaving, I'm just wondering if there's any areas where it seems like
it could be notably strong on potentially the other side of this pandemic. So any color you can give there
would be great.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Sure. I'll start with what I think all of you see, and then I'll make it specific to us. But as I talked to a lot
of my peers across many different industries, whether it's CEOs of companies or investors in many, many
companies across many industries, whether it's from how you used to get your workout in and training, if
you were -- if you went to a trainer and how that is shifting to a virtual world, Peloton being one example
of that, where it's accelerating to education world where now you have to figure out how you get your
education online, to more and more people now shifting to be able to engage with for medical help online,
so getting your taxes done to being able to manage your business and bookkeeping. And so we believe
that this pandemic will have a structural and behavioral impact in several areas. One is just you're going
to first think about how to potentially engage in a virtual world, not in a physical world. It doesn't mean
we won't go back to a physical world, but I think this will have a fundamental behavioral impact over time.

Two is to ensure that you're doing most of your stuff online, whether it's how you do payments, whether
it's how you do payroll, whether it's how you conduct commerce. Even if you're a service business,
moving some of your things, to now be able to conduct it online is going to be important. And then more
important than ever, how do you ensure that you can save money and reduce that?

So we believe that structurally and behaviorally, those 3 areas are going to accelerate, and it's anybody's
guess by how much. But literally, if you think about it overnight, these areas have shifted. And I just think
we've progressed 5 years in this area of moving to a virtual world, the area of more being online and
the importance of money. And that's one of the things that excites our leadership team and the whole
company around what is possible for us to accelerate to ensure that we can deliver for our customers
given these shifts that we're seeing.

Operator

Our next question comes from Matt Pfau of William Blair.

Matthew Charles Pfau
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

I just wanted to ask on the QuickBooks business if you're seeing any difference in terms of behavior
between U.S. customers or international customers and then self-employed relative to small businesses?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thanks, Matt. Although our trends were all at the small business level, what I would just tell you is
we've seen U.S. be a bit more resilient than countries outside of the U.S. and all those metrics that we
shared.

And then the second thing is on the self-employed side, what's interesting is, although the macro numbers
that we shared, which is acquisition being down 15 points before and after -- or after COVID, with some
of the discounting that we are doing, we're actually seeing interest probably more than before on the
self-employed side. That, of course, in no way covers the impact that we're seeing on acquisition. But
we're actually seeing -- what we're looking to learn is are these new self-employed businesses are being
born and they're using our self-employed app or what they may be. We're doing the analysis right now
and looking at our data. But the bumper sticker is, I would say, U.S. is more resilient than countries
outside the U.S. And we're seeing interesting acquisition trends on SE, early days. We need to analyze it
to understand where they're coming from. It doesn't change the bigger picture of what we shared, which
is post mid-March, we were down 15 points, and we've seen that stabilize. But SE is a little bit of a green
shoot that we're looking to learn more about.

Operator

At this time, our final question for the session comes from the line of Kash Rangan of Bank of America.

Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I have a couple of quick questions, and thanks for the extended time that you've spent on the conference
call. Really appreciate it.

One is, Sasan, what are the indicators you're looking for that small business activity could be starting to
not just stabilize, but starting to pick up some fundamental ground indicators that since you've been in the
business such a long time, I'm sure that there are some things you're keenly watching for. I'm just curious
what they are. And also if you could share your thoughts, Michelle or Sasan, how to think about this year's
unemployment because it's going to weigh on next year's taxes. I'm curious, what are the things that
Intuit can do because the story has been that you've been gaining market share every single year, but this
year is an exceptionally bad year for unemployment, sadly. I'm curious, what is Intuit going to be doing
differently to keep its growth profile as strong as it has been on the consumer tax side going into next
year?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Sure, Kash. Great to hear your voice, and I hope you're doing well and safe and sound.

Let me start with your last question first. And you're very right. It is sad to see this kind of an
unemployment rate, and we are all hopeful that at some point, things will rebound and folks will be able to
get back to work. I think what I would say is because unemployment rate was actually very low through
March, that -- and when you get unemployment income, we don't actually foresee an impact to tax next
year because you still have to do your taxes because you were employed and you have unemployment
income, and so which means you have to do your taxes. So we actually do not see an impact from the
number of people that will need to file IRS. When I look at the total number of IRS returns, this shouldn't
have a dramatic impact for the reasons that I mentioned.

The second is we are very focused on how we help serve these customers through our live platform. And
we believe that this could really be an impetus to deliver a great experience to deliver higher confidence
and for you to be able to do it from the comfort of your home. So that's the answer to the question around
unemployment. Headline news is folks are going to still have to do their taxes because unemployment
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

rate was so low for the first several months of the year, and you have to do your taxes because of
unemployment income.

The second in terms of indicators that we're looking at, I would say there are a few. One is just the
number of workers and employees that are, for instance, tracking their time or getting paid -- tracking
their time through TSheets or getting paid through payroll or the number of payroll companies that are
paying their employees, that is one very important indicator for us. The second is just what happens with
charge volume. That is a very important indicator because it shows the strength of consumer spending
with small businesses and small businesses' small business spending. So that's the second.

And then third is the rate of acquisition and the rate of attrition. Those are all the trends that we look at.

And I would just highlight one subset of all of this, which is how QuickBooks Live performs in this
environment. It's less about just QuickBooks Live but the notion of getting help. Although very early
days with QuickBooks Live, we've been happy with the -- as we said earlier, with the acquisition trend
that we've seen because more and more folks are not only looking to do things in a virtual world, but are
actually looking in this time frame to get help to clean up their books, to ensure they're compliant and
to become far more effective and efficient in how they run their business because, again, money matters
more than ever before.

So those are the 3, 4 indicators that we are looking at and doubling down on the bets that I mentioned
earlier because we believe just there's a huge opportunity to help customers shift to online to help
customers shift to a virtual world and to be able to find ways to put more money in their pocket.

Operator

Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that is all the time we have for questions today. Would you like to
close with any additional remarks?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes, I will. First of all, thank you for everyone's time and for joining today and your thoughtful questions.
I would like to just close by once again thanking our employees for just the incredible work that they've
done being by the side of our customers and being empathetic and compassionate for what they're having
to go through and also just the partnerships with our partners. I wish all of you on the call well. Please
stay healthy. Take care of yourself, and we look forward to talking to you at the next earnings call. Take
care, everybody.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. And this concludes today's conference call.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

INTUIT INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 21, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

