Intuit Inc. NasdaqGS:INTU
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, February 23, 2021 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.67

0.68

1.49

6.71

8.37

9.76

Revenue  (mm)

1604.50

1576.00

(1.78 %)

4493.47

8922.71

10321.40

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-23-2021 1:12 PM GMT

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

4.48

1.12

0.43

0.67

4.49

1.81

0.94

0.68

0.22 %

61.61 %

118.60 %

1.49 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
INTUIT INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Kimberly Anderson Watkins
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

ANALYSTS

Arvind Anil Ramnani
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Brad Alan Zelnick
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Brad Robert Reback
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Hoi-Fung Wong
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jennifer Alexandra Swanson
Lowe
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Michael James Turrin
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Michael Millman
Millman Research Associates

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Sitikantha Panigrahi
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Sterling Auty
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Stewart Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INTUIT INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon. My name is Latif, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to
welcome everyone to Intuit's Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
With that, I'll now turn the call over to Kim Watkins, Intuit's Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms.
Watkins?

Kimberly Anderson Watkins
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Latif. Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuit's Second Quarter Fiscal 2021 Conference Call. I'm
here with Intuit's CEO, Sasan Goodarzi; and Michelle Clatterbuck, our CFO. Before we start, I'd like to
remind everyone that our remarks will include forward-looking statements.

There are a number of factors that could cause Intuit's results to differ materially from our expectations.
You can learn more about these risks in the press release we issued earlier this afternoon, our Form 10-
K for fiscal 2020 and our other SEC filings. All of these documents are available on the Investor Relations
page of Intuit's website at intuit.com. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.

Some of the numbers in these remarks are presented on a non-GAAP basis. We've reconciled the
comparable GAAP and non-GAAP numbers in today's press release. Unless otherwise noted, all growth
rates refer to the current period versus the comparable prior year period and the business metrics
and associated growth rates refer to worldwide business metrics. A copy of our prepared remarks and
supplemental financial information will be available on our website after this call ends. And with that, I'll
turn the call over to Sasan.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Kim, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Second quarter results reflect strong
momentum across the company. Small Business and Self-Employed Group grew double digits. Credit
Karma performed very well, and we are very encouraged by our early results this tax season. We're on
track for Intuit to deliver another year of double-digit revenue growth.

We are confident our game plan to win is durable, accelerated by digital tailwinds given the pandemic. Our
platform is well positioned to help customers take advantage of a shift to virtual solutions, acceleration
to online and omnichannel capabilities and new ways to reduce debt and save money. The velocity of
our innovation is helping our customers at a time when they need us most and positions us to accelerate
growth in light of these structural and behavioral changes.

We closed the acquisition of Credit Karma on December 3 and welcomed 1,300 Credit Karma employees
to the Intuit family. We bring together a large customer base of 110 million Credit Karma members and 57
million Intuit customers to help them unlock SMART Money decisions. Credit Karma data platform creates
powerful network effects through personalized financial offers, benefiting members and partners while
adding a new monetization engines into it. We are off and running, executing on our innovation road map,
which I will touch on shortly.

Since we're in the middle of tax season, let's start there. We're very confident in our strategy and
momentum, extending our lead in the do-it-yourself category, and transforming the assisted segment.
We're making great progress serving fast-growing underpenetrated Latinx, self-employed and investor
segments. This season, we also expanded our free eligibility to better serve customers receiving
unemployment benefits. We continue to aggressively transform the assisted segment by reshaping how 86
million filers can get their maximum refund with confidence virtually. We feel great about how the season
is progressing.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INTUIT INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Let me now shift to our Big Bets. We're seeing strong momentum and accelerating innovation across the
business with our AI-driven expert platform strategy and 5 Big Bets. These Big Bets are focused on the
largest problems our customers face and represent durable growth opportunities for Intuit. I'll highlight
our progress, covering Big Bet #1 last as it accelerates innovation across our platform and is foundational
to the other Bet.

Our second Big Bet is to connect people to experts. We're solving one of the largest problems our
customers face, lack of confidence by connecting people to experts virtually with TurboTax Live and
QuickBooks Live. With TurboTax Live, we're transforming the $20 billion assisted category by providing
86 million filers the opportunity to access tax experts on our platform. We continue to lead the way in
shaping the category, helping customers understand how they get their taxes done in a new way with our
marketing campaigns and for a limited time, offering free live expertise to filers with very simple returns
to attract them into the category. We have significantly improved the TurboTax Live platform by making
it easier for customers to access an expert throughout the filing experience. And now with our innovative
full-service offering, our customers can hand off their return to an expert who will prepare and file it for
them.

We continue to make progress with QuickBooks Live, which is built on the same expert platform. Entering
our second peak this season with QuickBooks Live, our customer base has doubled from a year ago and
retention rates are improving. Although it's early days for QuickBooks Live, we're confident in the long-
term opportunity to penetrate nonconsumption.

Our third Big Bet is to unlock SMART Money decisions. We're making progress towards our goal of creating
a personal financial assistance that helps consumers find the right financial products, puts more money
in their pockets and access to financial experts and advice. Our strategic focus is to grow the core,
including credit cards and personal loans, expand growth verticals, including home loans, auto loans and
insurance, and develop emerging verticals focused on money innovation, including savings and checking
accounts. As we make personalized financial offers to customers across our platform, Credit Karma
provides an additional monetization engine, increasing our combined wallet share with both free and
paying customers.

We've made great initial progress combining our capabilities to fuel success of the Credit Karma platform.
First, to create a complete financial profile for existing and prospective members. With customer consent,
we've combined income data from 26 million TurboTax returns with Crédit Karma. The combination of
verified income data with credit history will enable Credit Karma to better personalize offers, driving
engagement and creating a win-win-win for our members, partners and us over time. This enables us
to grow in our core verticals for credit cards and personal loans and growth verticals for insurance and
mortgages.

Second, we integrated Credit Karma Money into the TurboTax filing experience, providing approximately
36 million TurboTax customers ability to deposit up to 88 billion of tax refunds into a no-fee checking
account.

And third, we're migrating turbo users to Credit Karma. We're very excited about the journey ahead of us.

Our fourth Big Bet is to become the center of small business growth by helping our customers get paid
fast, manage capital, pay employees with confidence and grow in an omnichannel world. 60% of small
businesses struggle with cash flow, and we're innovating with velocity to create solutions for customers to
overcome this challenge.

We're making it even easier for customers to get paid fast with tools like payment-enabled invoices by
auto enabling new customers to accept payments immediately increasing our charge volume. We continue
to innovate with QuickBooks Cash, a small business bank account that helps our customers manage
working capital by providing visibility into their full financial picture, along with the ability to move money
instantly and ensure their money is working for them, while taking advantage of the built-in accounting of
QuickBooks.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INTUIT INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

We integrated bill pay into the offering this quarter. We're seeing growing adoption and active users for
QuickBooks Cash, including a meaningful increase in activation rates.

We're making good progress with QuickBooks Commerce launched last September. QuickBooks Commerce
is designed to better serve the 1 million product based businesses on our platform and 6.4 million product-
based businesses in our core markets. The offering provides inventory and order management tools small
businesses need to grow their businesses in an omnichannel world.

We continue to add new partner integrations, enabling a streamlined experience. We're further bolstering
the offering with the acquisition of OneSaas in early February. OneSaas is an infrastructure platform that
integrates data streams from multiple sources of e-commerce platforms. This will help our customers see
a complete view in QuickBooks. It's still early for both QuickBooks Cash and QuickBooks Commerce, but
we're encouraged by what we're seeing.

Our fifth Big Bet is to disrupt small business mid-market with QuickBooks Online Advanced. The features
we're introducing individually tailor the offering for the needs of small businesses with 10 to 100
employees at a disruptive price point. We continue to build out the offering and innovate to better serve
these mid-market, small business customers by adding more deeply integrated partners important to both
acquisition and retention.

And finally, our first Big Bet, revolutionize speed to benefit enables us to put more money in our
customers' pockets to eliminate friction and deliver confidence at every touch point by using AI and
customer insights.

In TurboTax, we're leveraging advanced models to proactively offer customers the right resources at
the right time to keep them engaged and give them confidence to file their taxes. And in QuickBooks
Advanced, we're using AI to detect anomaly in price and quantity on customer invoices, saving our
customers' time and frustration of having to resend an invoice. Our Live offerings are benefiting from a
common AI platform that's creating efficiencies at scale, driving profitable growth.

Across all of our Big Bets, we're building momentum and accelerating innovation, which we believe
positions us well for durable growth into the future. I'm excited about the opportunity we have ahead of
us, and I'm proud of the progress we're making as a team. Now let me hand it over to Michelle.

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Sasan. Good afternoon, everyone. For the second quarter of fiscal 2021, we delivered revenue
of $1.6 billion, GAAP operating loss of $25 million versus operating income of $270 million last year. Non-
GAAP operating income of $235 million versus $384 million last year. GAAP diluted earnings per share
of $0.07 versus $0.91 a year ago. The GAAP earnings include a $30 million gain from the sale of a note
receivable that was previously written off. And non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.68 versus $1.16
last year.

Turning to the business segments. Consumer Group revenue declined 71% in Q2, driven by the later
IRS opening this year. We continue to focus on our strategy to expand our lead in DIY and transform
the assisted segment with TurboTax Live. We remain confident in our plans and guidance of 9% to 10%
growth in fiscal 2021.

Turning to the ProConnect Group. Revenue declined 8% in Q2, reflecting a delay in forms availability.
In the Small Business and Self-Employed Group, revenue grew 11% during the quarter, while Online
Ecosystem revenue was up 22%. Our strategic focus within Small Business and Self-Employed is to grow
the core, connect the ecosystem and expand globally. Our longer-term expectation remains 30% or
greater Online Ecosystem revenue growth, driven by 10% to 20% growth in both customers and ARPC.

First, we continue to focus on growing the core. QuickBooks Online accounting revenue grew 22% in fiscal
Q2, driven mainly by customer growth and mix shift. We lapped a full quarter of a price increase last year,
driving slower year-over-year growth versus last quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INTUIT INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Second, we continue to focus on connecting the ecosystem. Online Services revenue, which includes
payments, payroll, time tracking and capital, grew 20% in fiscal Q2. Within payments, revenue growth
reflects continued customer growth, along with an increase in charge volume per customer. Within payroll,
we continue to see revenue tailwinds during the quarter from a mix shift to our full-service offering and
growth in payroll customers.

Third, our progress expanding globally added to the growth of Online Ecosystem revenue during fiscal Q2.
Total international online revenue grew 44%. The slower growth from last quarter was driven by lapping
price increases a year ago and the lingering impact from lower retention and customer acquisition at the
beginning of the pandemic.

Desktop ecosystem revenue declined 2% in the second quarter, in line with our expectations for the
business to decline longer term. Within this, QuickBooks Desktop Enterprise revenue grew mid-single
digits. Small businesses are resilient, and we continue to help them put more money in their pockets
when they need it most. We're pleased to see most QuickBooks indicators are back to or better than pre-
pandemic levels. This includes growth in customer acquisition, the number of companies running payroll
and payments charge volume. This reinforces the digital tailwinds and positioning of our platform and Big
Bets Sasan touched on earlier.

We closed the acquisition of Credit Karma on December 3, resulting in revenue of $144 million for the
partial quarter. Our strategic focus with Credit Karma is to grow the core of credit cards and personal
loans; expand growth verticals such as home loans, auto loans and insurance; and developed emerging
verticals, focused on money innovation, including savings and checking accounts. I'll share more detail on
each of these strategic focus areas.

First, our focus is growing the core. We're seeing new credit card and personal loan partners onboarding,
while overall partner activity continues to recover. Adoption of the industry-first Lightbox continues to
grow. Lightbox enables Credit Karma to more tightly integrate with its financial partners, which helps
match members to the products that are right for them. This now represents approximately 40% of credit
card transactions and approximately 30% of personal loan transactions, up substantially year-over-year.

Second, our focus is expanding growth verticals. Although it's early days, we're seeing strong growth
in auto insurance, followed by home loans and then auto loans. January revenue in the growth vertical
is up over 1.5x year-over-year. It's a high-water mark. During the quarter, we introduced Karma Drive,
providing members an easy opportunity to qualify for an auto insurance discount based on actual driving
habits.

Third, our focus is developing emerging verticals, particularly money innovation, and we're just getting
started with Credit Karma Money.

Turning to our financial principles. We remain committed to growing organic revenue double digits and
growing operating income dollars faster than revenue. As I've shared before, as we lean into our platform
strategy, we're starting to see the opportunity for faster margin expansion over time, and I'm proud of the
progress the team is making. We take a disciplined approach to capital management, investing the cash
we generate in opportunities that yield an expected return on investment greater than 15%. We continue
to focus on reallocating resources to top priorities, with an emphasis of becoming an AI-driven expert
platform. These principles remain our long-term commitment.

Our first priority for the cash we generate is investing in the business to drive customer and revenue
growth. We consider acquisitions to accelerate our growth and fill out our product road map. We return
excess cash that we can't invest profitably in the business to shareholders via both share repurchases
and dividends. We finished the quarter with approximately $2.7 billion in cash and investments on our
balance sheet. We repurchased $175 million of stock during the second quarter. We have approximately
$2.2 billion remaining on our authorization, and we expect to be in the market each quarter this year. The
Board approved a quarterly dividend of $0.59 per share payable April 19, 2021. This represents an 11%
increase versus last year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INTUIT INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Moving on to guidance. While macro uncertainty continues, we remain confident in how our business is
performing in the current environment. Our guidance for third quarter fiscal 2021 includes revenue growth
of 53% to 55%, GAAP earnings per share of $5.85 to $5.95 and non-GAAP earnings per share of $6.75 to
$6.85. You can find our full Q3 and reiterated fiscal 2021 guidance details in our press release and on our
fact sheet. With that, I'll turn it back over to Sasan.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director
Great. Thanks, Michelle. I'm very proud of our team and all we've accomplished together, and I'm very
optimistic about the future. So with that said, let's now open it up to your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INTUIT INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer.

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

I'm going to hone in on tax since we're in that season. And I'm just very curious on if you're seeing any
activity pick up from all the new brokerage accounts opened in 2020, if you're seeing a lot of activity in
your tops business from corresponding tax reporting from that? And just, Sasan, a few thoughts on that.
Is that going to trigger near volume? Or do you think it's more likely something that would trigger an
increase in the revenue per return since transactions might come in at a higher tier of offering?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Thank you for your question, Scott. If I would take you back to what we declared several years ago, one
element was underpenetrated segments. The investment community was one, of course, Self-Employed
and Latinx. And the other element, of course, is about transforming the assisted segment, which also
helps us serve that community well if they need expertise or if they want us to do their taxes for them.
And what I would tell you, we all see the same stats. There's been really a significant increase in retail
investors using all the different tools that are out there and not just in the United States, but particularly
in Brazil, India and the U.S.

And so I feel good that we're very well positioned. And all of those segments that I mentioned, Latinx,
Self-Employed and Premier, we are actually experiencing the kind of growth that we expected. And
probably a tick up on our Premier offering, which really serves our investment community. So we are
experiencing an accelerated growth, and it's really all sort of in context of what we had declared. And we'll
have to see how the season plays out. And when we tally up our results, what it all looks like, but we're
very, very pleased with the fact that we really positioned ourselves to serve this segment a few years ago.
And I think we're positioned well for delivering for them this season, both with live platform and if you
want to do it yourself.

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

And then staying on taxes. I'm just curious, kind of a high-level question, and you get this throughout
the preseason, but now we're into the tax season. What type of federal returns do you expect this year
versus last year? I saw recently that Texas, because of what's going on there in the last couple of weeks,
has gotten to delay to June 25. So with that into account and then just the long tax season last year, a
condensed, for most states, tax season this year, what are you expecting just for an industry growth year-
over-year and anything that you're seeing in the early season to support that view?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Sure. A couple of things I would say. One, the assumptions that we made coming into this tax season is
that IRS returns would be sort of flattish. And we expect to be able to grow our share of the total number
of returns and particularly because of our focus on these underpenetrated segments that I mentioned and
transforming the assisted segment with our live platform. So really, for us, it's about growing our share of
the entire category. And as you know, we have such a massive opportunity with 86 million filers that today
go to somebody else to do their taxes. And the fact that we have an opportunity to help them get their
taxes done with the expert at their fingertips with any time that they needed. So really, our role is about
growing the category and in context of a flattish IRS returns.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INTUIT INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

All of our guidance just -- we made the assumption that it's April 15 finish. We contemplated the Texas
announcement that was made yesterday. We're really just looking at past situations where there's been
a disaster where IRS has extended the filing date. The behaviors are very different. Net-net, we feel very
good about our progress. We feel very good about our momentum and really good about the potential that
we have this season in the context of the guidance that we provided.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ken Wong of Guggenheim Securities.

Hoi-Fung Wong
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

The first one for you, Sasan, also on tax. As you think about TurboTax Full-Service, not sure if you guys
are starting to see some good traction there, but would love to get a sense of what kind of customers
you're seeing utilize that particular product? Is it guys coming from accountants? Is it kind of net new
filers who may have the greatest level of uncertainty just across the board? Any color you can give would
be fantastic.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Sure, Ken. Good to hear from you. It's important just to remind ourselves that we're in the assisted
segment, the biggest problem that we're solving is confidence. These 86 million filers need to know that
they can ask a question from an expert at any time that they need to and have the ability to turn over
their return if they so choose. And we are getting very good traction with Full-Service, but it really plays,
I would say, a halo effect. What customers want to know is that they can come in and if they choose to
ask for help that they can get it. And somewhere in the experience that they choose to just say here, let
me give you all of my documents digitally that we can do it for them or even if they choose to make that
choice upfront.

So Full-Service beyond the actual number of customers that will end up using Full-Service really is playing
a halo effect, which is what we learned in our test results last year, it really builds confidence for filers that
come in from the assisted category that I can get my questions answered. There's always going to be an
expert at my side. And as a reminder, last year, we experienced 70% plus growth in TurboTax Live. And a
majority of those customers actually came from the assisted category. So it's playing the role exactly as
we had assumed that it would. And so far, so good the season in terms of the traction that we're getting.

Hoi-Fung Wong
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. Great. That's super helpful. And then a quick one for you, Michelle. You touched on Lightbox and
seeing, I think a 40% of transaction, 30% of personal loans. Just wondering kind of where do you think
those numbers could trend up to. And then as far as monetization, any color on kind of how monetization
has improved for customers that are utilizing Lightbox?

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

Ken, thanks for the question here. Lightbox is a great technology that really is -- enables us to have a
winning experience for both the customer and for our partners, our financial institution partners as well
as us. There's nothing more frustrating than for a customer to come in and not be able to get access to
a financial product that they thought they would. And so it enables the financial institutions to be able
to better target the products that they have and then customers are much more likely to actually be
approved.

So with the metrics that we have right now, we'll have to see how those trend over time. We're very
excited about it. We want to continue to have more and more transactions go through Lightbox because,
as we said, it's a better experience for the customer, and it also is a better experience for our partners.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INTUIT INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Operator

Our next question comes from Brad Zelnick of Crédit Suisse.

Brad Alan Zelnick
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. Sasan, we heard from Michelle's comments that many of the small business indicators, such as
customer acquisition, number of companies running payroll payments, charge volumes, things like that
are all trending positively. Can you maybe expand a little bit more on the indicators that you're looking
at in terms of small business health? And from your perspective, kind of where we are in terms of small
business recovery?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes, sure. Let me start, Brad, with the actual recovery, depending on the geography, United States versus
U.K. or different states within the U.S. Every geography is performing differently. And just to use an
example, we've got places like Florida, Texas, Arizona, Georgia, that have actually recovered quite nicely.
And then you have places like Michigan, Washington and California and New York that are lagging. And
then within that, you have industries that have come back all the way and the industries that have and it's
the natural ones that you would assume, it's fitness, restaurants, travel.

I bring that up in context of yet another data point, which is when we look across the data points that we
see, about 25% of our customers, their net dollars in their bank account is down and nearly 50%. So I
give you those data points just to say that small businesses are still working hard to come back to where
they were, and they're not all the way back. That's really important context relative to how our trends are
doing and what you heard from Michelle, which is we watch acquisition, we watch retention, of course. We
watch our payments charge volume, the number of companies running payroll, the number of employees,
core companies using payroll, time tracking, et cetera. And all of those indicators are at or above pre-
COVID levels, except the number of employees at small businesses.

And that really tells you a lot about just the innovation that's happening on our platform, the power of our
platform, and the fact that in times where small businesses are actually doing worse than they were prior
to COVID, our actually platform metrics are at or better than pre-COVID. And so that actually really bodes
well for us to not only deliver for our customers, but the growth rates that we would expect as we look
ahead. So good momentum and actually bullish about where we are in the opportunities for the future.

Brad Alan Zelnick
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

That's very helpful. And maybe just a follow on for Michelle. Credit Karma is off to a really strong start.
And you're now just migrating Turbo users over and you've got so many growth opportunities ahead that
you've talked about in your remarks. Can you just remind us perhaps of the seasonality of this business?
Because if we just start annualizing the last 2 months, I think we'd all be getting a little bit ahead of
ourselves. What should we keep in mind relative to what we've seen out of the gate versus what you're
guiding for the full year?

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thank you, Brad. Good question. We are off to a strong start with Credit Karma. Feel really good
about the progress that they're making. We're seeing the business bounce back more quickly from the
pandemic than we had expected, not all the way back to pre-COVID levels but definitely making progress
there. When you think about seasonality in the business, they do see a little bit stronger in the January,
February time period, but there is a huge seasonality in the business. But I would say in January, February
is a little bit more of an uptick as people are coming into the new year and some of those new year
resolutions and so forth. But that's what I would say you guys should expect.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INTUIT INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Our next question comes from Keith Weiss of Morgan Stanley.

Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

A very nice quarter. I wanted to expand a little bit on Brad Zelnick's question. Can you help us understand
now that the indicators are at or above kind of like the pre-crisis levels, how should we think about the
mechanism of how those indicators and the time frame for when those indicators will translate into kind of
the revenue growth rates that you guys have guided to longer term and that we're expecting? So like how
should we moderate our expectations on to how quickly do indicators become sort of the actuality in terms
of what we see on the income statement?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thanks for your question, Keith. And in context of being a subscription business, a lot of the growth
rate we're experiencing now is the things that were happening almost a year ago this time. And in context
of slower acquisition, retention, dropping a couple of points starting in March of last year. And also,
there are a number of things that have huge benefits for customers that we paused, things like payroll,
full service migration we have a line for where you have to upgrade to QuickBooks Advanced. We sort
of dropped that line for a while. So it was the combination of acquisition, retention, along with very
intentional decisions we made around pricing and migration that has had an impact on the growth rates
that we're seeing now.

And in addition to all of that, we're lapping price increases that we had done the same time last year. So
the long answer to your short question is what we are starting to see now, we should expect the growth
rates to be impacted in the year ahead because a lot of the metrics and the trends that we're experiencing
now, we'll see the follow-on benefits in the quarters ahead. But I would say, almost think about a year out
or so is the way -- is the best way to think about it.

Keith Weiss
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. Got it. And if I could ask a follow-up to Michelle, on the margin side of the equation. Really
appreciate the continued kind of balance between good growth and faster margin expansion over
time. Great to see that as part of the corporate philosophy. This quarter, in particular, we saw the SMB
contribution margin up nicely on a year-on-year basis. But I know a lot of companies are talking to us
about kind of onetime items or sort of crisis-related expense savings that we saw in the year past that
might not sustains the year forward. Anything we should be aware of in terms of sort of expenses that
might come on board that could upset -- or not upset, but could temporarily sort of reverse the margin
expansion that we've been seeing?

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

Our -- thanks for the question, Keith. First of all, for us, as we've been thinking about margins and margin
expansion, really the biggest driver of any of that is us becoming more and more of an AI-driven expert
platform. And so you may see some expenses here, there and obviously, you see margins move around
a little bit quarter-to-quarter. But I would say, really focused on our guidance, which is, after last year,
expanding margins a point. This year, we expect margins to expand approximately 110 basis points once
you're excluding Credit Karma. And that is really us continuing to evolve to being more of a platform
company and seeing those areas for us to drive margin expansion across the company, everything from
technology to customer success to go-to-market. And so that is the biggest driver of margin expansion for
us across the company.

Operator

Our next question comes from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan.

Sterling Auty

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INTUIT INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I think in some of the prepared remarks and the press release, there was the talk of the cross-sell of
TurboTax going to Credit Karma. But I'm wondering what the expectations are in terms of the cross-sell
and marketing that you could do to Credit Karma users for TurboTax for this tax season.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes, sure, Sterling. Let me just -- if I could take it up one notch, and I'll come back specifically and answer
your question. There are a number of things that we have launched. We've launched Credit Karma Money
at the end of the TurboTax experience, we're migrating Turbo customers with Turbo being deprecated
to Credit Karma. And of course, then to your question, launching TurboTax as part of the Credit Karma
platform.

So there are a number of big things that we're doing. And all of them, Sterling, I would think about them
as long-term opportunities with our focus being testing and experimenting right now to really nail the
experience. So I wouldn't expect really big impacts from those in the near term. But we do expect these
to deliver significant customer benefit and growth in the future because we're really just testing and
experimenting. We want to really nail the experience before we launch things at scale. So hopefully, that
answers your question.

Sterling Auty
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

It does.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kash Rangan of Goldman Sachs.

Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Congratulations on the quarter. Sasan, at the Analyst Day, you talked about a $24 billion U.S. tax
opportunity. I'm wondering, what have you learned from live? And what are the things that you need to
add to live in terms of capabilities to be able to address this in a larger scale? And also in the same vein,
as you look at QBO Advanced, what are the things that you've learned with that product out at the higher
end of the SMB market that you traditionally played in? And what are the things that you're looking to
introduce in the product to make it address the full breadth of the TAM?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Sure, Kash. Good to hear from you. Let me start with live and the 86 million customers that today go to
an assisted method. Based on research and work that we did several years ago, one of the learnings that
we had is over 70 million of these 86 million customers are actually willing to use a digital platform as long
as they can get help and expertise to be able to file their taxes with confidence. And in fact, they would
like to get help beyond taxes, which is where Credit Karma comes in.

And so to your question of what we have learned with our -- beginning our fourth year with the live
platform, we're more bullish about the opportunity ahead of us than we were even 4 years ago when
we launched TurboTax Live. Because in essence, what we've learned, and that's informing what we're
executing this season is, one, we have 86 million folks that we need to get to consider the fact that there's
a digital platform with an expert at their fingertips and the fact that they can actually hand everything off
digitally for an expert, which is where you see what we're doing in our marketing campaigns. And you may
only see what we're doing off-air on TV, but we've got an incredible campaign in educating our customers
in multiple different digital channels to help them understand how this works because we're really shaping
and reshaping the category. So one is about education, which is where a lot of our investment is going.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INTUIT INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

The second is when they come in, really nailing the first-time use. Immediately when they come in to
help them understand how to get access to an expert, engaging with an expert, exchanging a document
visually and seeing how easy it is. And then with now the launch of Full-Service, if you choose to upgrade
the Full-Service or if you come in and choose Full-Service, how do we deliver instant benefit to you? An
instant benefit, by the way, is confidence that there's an expert there.

Now which gets me to the other side of the equation, which I haven't mentioned, and that is our expert
platform. That's really where we have advantage. A lot of our AI investments are actually improving our
expert platform around scheduling, document exchange, making sure that we connect the right expert
to the right customer, ensuring that we deliver insights to the expert because of our machine learning
capabilities so that when the expert is talking to the customer, it actually -- they deliver confidence with
their know-how and their knowledge. And then being able to, by the way, the culture we're creating with
the experts that we have on our platform that love the Intuit culture, the income that they make and
love the fact that they get to deliver for our customers in the comfort of their home. So those are the
areas that we are focused on. And frankly, every day and season, we learn and we adjust and we love our
momentum and the opportunities ahead.

And what we'll learn over time is we're launching TurboTax Live as part of the Credit Karma platform. And
what's unique in launching that as part of the Credit Karma platform is we'll actually be able to deliver a
personalized experience because we'll know that you were a prior year assisted customer. And that, again,
will pay off in the long-term but those are the things that we're testing now.

In terms of your question around disrupting the mid-market with QuickBooks Advanced, I mean, there's
a couple of things that we've learned. Frankly, we believe that we can even go higher in the market
beyond 10 to 100 employees. Now our focus right now is 10 to 100 employees. But as we see the power
of our platform and the ability for us to scale, we believe that we can actually serve even bigger mid-
market customers at a disruptive price. And to your question, the things that we're continuing to add are
things around like workflow management, automated invoice approval, batch increasing, getting very
deep integration of critical apps that these customers need to be able to grow their business and run
their business, some of which Michelle actually mentioned in the script around like DocuSign, HubSpot,
Salesforce as just a few examples. And every day, we're learning what we need to add to the platform.

But it's a lot of what we do today, just a much, much higher scale. And the confidence it's given us is
not only being able to go upmarket, but we're actually -- we have now 70% of the customers that we're
getting are upgraders and 30% that are new to the franchise. And we're actually seeing our new to the
franchise growing even at a faster rate than what we thought without the focus yet in place to be able to
go after new to the franchise. So those are the few elements that I think are worth sharing, Kash.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brent Thill of Jefferies.

Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Back on Small Business. I just wanted to drill and there were a handful of investor questions related to
your comments around the pipeline yet Q1 to Q2, the growth rate decelerating in the small business,
I think many believe that they would stabilize or build. And I just want to make sure we're truly
understanding this that the comments that your -- or color that you're seeing in the pipeline and close
rates and things behind the scenes are showing a much better growth rate than what that reported
number is indicating. And I just want to make sure if there's any anomalies or any differences that
investors should be aware of? There's a number of questions just to disconnect from the comment relative
to the reported number.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Sure, Brad. One of the things that we've been pretty consistent in communicating is that our growth
rates would decline sequentially before they start bouncing and going back up. And that's really what

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INTUIT INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

we saw in Q2, is very consistent with what we expected. And it's consistent with what we expected on a
couple of fronts. One, because this time last year or starting in March for several months, both acquisition
slowed, but also our attrition popped. But in addition to that, there are things that, as I mentioned a few
moments ago that we paused, like Full-Service migration, we paused our QuickBooks Advanced lineup for
those upgraders that we didn't ask them to move up because we didn't want to have them experience that
in the early COVID times.

And so what your -- what we're experiencing now is just a reflection of some of those key indicators that
we experienced earlier in the year. And we are, on top of that, lapping a price increase that we did last
year that we didn't do this year. So you put all of that together. We're actually quite pleased with the
growth rate that we experienced in the quarter, although we expected it to be lower than last quarter. And
then as we look ahead, as I mentioned, in the coming quarters and year ahead, a lot of the indicators that
Michelle and I shared will start turning into revenue growth. But everything is per our expectation. I think
the only thing that's not per our expectation is the business is actually performing better than what we
thought in the pandemic. And therefore, we're bullish about the future.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kirk Materne of Evercore ISI.

Stewart Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Actually, Sasan, I want to -- actually, maybe is for Michelle. Just per Brent's question. Didn't you get 4
points of benefit from the PPP program last quarter in your 24% so if we sort of normalize? And I guess,
did you have any this quarter because if you normalize for that, you actually have accelerated from -- if
I'm doing the math right, from 20, 22 this quarter. So I guess, just can you talk about the PPP program
helped QBO ecosystem at all this quarter?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I would -- in a headline, what I would say -- oh, Michelle, please go ahead.

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

No, that's okay. I was just going to say, Kirk, actually, the PPP revenue that we got, that was actually in
Q4, we saw that. And so we did have about a 4 point decline, if my memory serves me correctly, for 28%
Online Ecosystem revenue growth in Q4, which then dropped to 24 in Q1, and that was -- that actually
had PPP in it. But we didn't have anything material in Q1.

Stewart Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. That's fine. I just wanted to double check that. But Sasan, I guess, just sort of on the Small
Business, another question would be on the international growth. Clearly, the U.K. was under a pretty
severe lockdown for a lot of this quarter. Did that impact you all at all, like international growth was still
very strong in the mid-40s. But I was just kind of curious if that was one of the regions that perhaps was
still maybe taking a little bit longer time to recover.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Kirk, it actually has. I mean, I would say if I look at it across the globe, the United States has really
not just bounced back nicely, but just the resiliency of our platform, the innovation on the platform is
really allowing us to see all the indicators get back to or better than pre-COVID levels. When we look at
outside of the United States, countries like U.K., Australia, France, actually were hit much harder. And to
your point, they're still, specifically U.K. and France, in a lockdown. So that has impacted the growth rate

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INTUIT INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

relative to what we see in the United States. But all of that is within the context of the guidance that we
have provided. But it has been a hit.

Operator

The next question comes from Michael Turrin of Wells Fargo Securities.

Michael James Turrin
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Going back to Credit Karma, it looks like that segment outperformed what we were expecting on the
partial quarter. Looking at what's implied for the rest of the year, it looks like it's still below the $1 billion
that business was at in 2019. Can we just go back to what some of the factors are that could drive
outperformance from that beyond what's assumed in your current outlook? And then on the margin there,
is the 26% segment margin there a good building block for us to be thinking about? Or is the seasonality
Michelle referenced somewhat impacting that number as well?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes, sure. Michael, just as a quick refresher, there are 3 elements around growth in Credit Karma. It's
growing the core, which is credit cards and personal loans. It's expanding our growth verticals, which is
auto and home loans and insurance. And then emerging verticals, which is really all around assets, which
is money innovation. And none of this growth is really coming from that third bucket. And the second
point I would make is we sort of have a 75-25. About 75% of the revenue is coming from credit cards and
personal loans and 25% coming from the growth verticals, which is auto and home loans and insurance,
which has actually really improved versus about a year ago where it was 95% credit cards and personal
loans.

And specifically, with that context to answer your question, we're seeing more partners come back on the
platform. We're seeing new partners come on. We're starting to see higher spend and because of just the
innovation with Lightbox and the better matching, we're getting more customers to actually get connected
to the financial products that are right for them and partners benefiting from it. So the performance we
experienced this quarter is just we're seeing stronger momentum when it comes to credit cards, personal
loans, and then the growth vertical, specifically around auto insurance.

And when we look ahead, our overall guidance was just based on the trajectory that we assumed for the
year, and we'll just have to continue to see how these verticals play out, but we like the momentum that
we see. But that could be the reason in the long term for overperformance, to your question. Specifically
around margin, really important to note that, one, we manage margins at the company level. And so
really pay attention to the guidance that we provide at the company level.

Two, we are investing in Credit Karma. It is a -- we see it in the long term as a big growth engine for the
company. The penetration, when you think about the 110 million members that Credit Karma has, the
penetration with all these different financial products that I mentioned is actually still quite low. So it's
actually quite exciting as we look ahead, the possibilities of increasing penetration.

And so we are investing dollars in Credit Karma, all within the context of the guidance and margin
expansion guidelines that we have provided. So I wouldn't get too anchored on the current quarter margin
rate. It was more because it performed better than what we thought, and some of the investments and
hiring shifted between quarters. I would more focus on company level operating income that we provided
and margin rates that we provided.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jennifer Lowe of UBS.

Jennifer Alexandra Swanson Lowe
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INTUIT INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Maybe just first one quick clarification for me relative to the question that Kirk asked earlier. Michelle, you
clarified that Q4 had the PPP impact. And by Q1, there wasn't one. But given that, that program reopened,
I think earlier this calendar year, can you just confirm whether there was an impact in Q2?

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

No, Jen. That program, the new PPP program has been moving. You may have seen it in the process has
been moving much more slowly than anyone had anticipated. And no, we don't have anything in the --
anything material in the Q2 results.

Jennifer Alexandra Swanson Lowe
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Perfect. And then just following on some of the questions around the trajectory in small business. There's
a couple of different factors that you called out. There's, first, the fact that the economic indicators have
improved, but maybe not everything is back to pre-COVID levels. And then there's also sort of this lagging
effect from some of the subscription businesses or some of the pauses that you took as everyone sort of
navigated a very uncertain time. So I just want to clarify, if you think about the 30% plus type aspirations
for the Online Ecosystem component, is that something you can get back to in the current environment
and it's just a function of working through some of these sort of leftover impacts from the last 6 to 12
months? Or do you need to see continued improvement in the broader small business economy as well to
get back to pre-pandemic levels to support that 30%?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Jen, thanks for your question. What I would say is the economic indicators are still below pre-COVID
levels. It's more our own indicators and the performance of our platform that has bounced back, and in
many cases, better than the pre-COVID levels, which gets, I think, that the essence of your question, and
that is, our goal in the long term has not changed. We believe that we will get this business, specifically
the online revenue growth back above 30%. And we just need to keep executing our game plan.

And I would tell you that we don't think it's heavily relied upon how the economy bounces back. Because
if you look at where we are today versus 6 months ago, a lot of the performance that we are talking about
is based on the performance of the platform and our execution and the innovation on our platform. Now
at the end of the day, this economy does need stimulus -- fiscal stimulus to get people back into jobs. But
that is not the anchor for us to get back to the growth rates that we believe we can get back to. It will just
take some time.

Operator

Next question comes from Kartik Mehta of North Coast Research.

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Sasan, when you look at the QuickBooks business, obviously, you're lapping a price increase, but you
haven't stopped innovation. I'm wondering what metrics you'll look at to feel comfortable to adjust pricing.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Kartik, thank you for your question. Our main focus around pricing will be when we believe it's the
right time given how small businesses are performing and given the pandemic. It is actually not related
to our innovation. But as you know, we now have innovation that allows us to go upmarket with both
QuickBooks Advanced and QuickBooks Live, which is a much higher ARPU offering. We have the ability to
garner a higher price from customers. But from a price increase perspective, it's less about the metrics
and indicators that we see with our own platform, but more when we believe is the right time to raise

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INTUIT INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

prices with customers, given what they're experiencing and the challenges that they're experiencing for
their business. So the 2 are in many ways unrelated in terms of the way we think about it.

Kartik Mehta
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

And then just finally, when you look at the Credit Karma customers as far as tax customers, is the mix of
the products they're using different than the core TurboTax customers, at least what you're seeing early
on?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. What I would share with you that we've learned about the Credit Karma base is a big portion of their
customers actually use an assisted method. And that is actually what is exciting to us. Now because they
have 110 million members, you can imagine they have a strong cross-section of folks in the U.S., whether
Latinx, self-employed, those that are retail investors. So that cross-section is generally consistent with the
customers we serve in TurboTax today. What's different is we've got a good majority of those customers
that, in the prior year used an assisted method.

Operator

Our next question comes from Siti Panigrahi of Mizuho.

Sitikantha Panigrahi
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

I wanted to ask about the feedback you got from that product-based businesses, mainly QuickBook
Commerce that you launched a few months back. That seems like that's an acquisition from TradeGecko
mainly has order inventory. I'm wondering like how far you can expand that offering. It feels like you can
become the back office platform for these kind of businesses. So what sort of opportunity you are seeing
and what sort of feedback you got so far?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Sure. Thank you, Siti. First of all, we're very excited about QuickBooks Commerce, and it's also very,
very early innings with QuickBooks Commerce. And the acquisition we just made with OneSaas actually
allows us to bring data into the platform from marketplaces, from POS providers, from fulfillment apps.
And so it really actually helps us help a customer understand how they're doing and their profitability,
which is what's most important for the customers.

We actually had to restrict at the top of the funnel to ensure that we can nail the customer experience.
And so our focus first was ensuring that we can serve new customers that don't use our inventory today.
Our next focus will be existing QBO customers that don't use any of our inventory capabilities. And then
third will be existing QBO customers that actually do use our inventory capabilities. And the reason that's
important is we want to ensure that if a customer already has inventory that we can easily think all
the product catalogs and their product numbers and to keep their books clean. So net-net, we're just
getting started. We had to restrict the top of the funnel because of the demand and the excitement that
was out there because we want to be very intentional in terms of building out the capability. Very early
indicators are positive with the number of customers that we have on our platform. But again, think about
QuickBooks Commerce, think about QuickBooks Cash as these are long-term plays in terms of when and
how they will deliver growth. But so far, we're bullish about the early indicators.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brad Reback of Stifel.

Brad Robert Reback
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

INTUIT INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Great. Michelle, as we think about free cash flow generation over time, is there any reason it shouldn't
closely mirror operating income growth?

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

I'm sorry, can you repeat that, Brad? I didn't hear the last part of it.

Brad Robert Reback
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Sure. As we think about free cash flow generation over time, is there any reason that shouldn't mirror
operating income growth?

Michelle M. Clatterbuck
Executive VP & CFO

No, no. There shouldn't be any real big reason why you shouldn't see that. No.

Brad Robert Reback
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. That's great. And then maybe one quick tactical one. Sasan, you talked about QuickBooks Live
retention getting better. Is that meaningfully different than QuickBooks Online retention right now?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. The biggest thing -- well, first of all, it's very early days. So we look at more cohort of customers
versus the aggregate numbers. The biggest reason we're so focused on retention right now with
QuickBooks Live is we're focused on understanding customer needs and really nailing the experience.
Because with QuickBooks Live, there are customers that come in to get set up. There are customers that
come in that want us to provide them advice, and they're just -- they're looking for bookkeeping advice.
And there our customers actually want us to do their taxes for them and run their books for them.

And what we're really being intentional about is understanding what are the needs, what are the
experience that we need to deliver? And what does that look like on the platform, which is why you heard
me mention retention. Retention right now is more focused on cohorts and it is lower than QBO only
because we're looking at different cohorts of customers and their needs are very different. And before we
really open up the top of the funnel, we want to make sure that every customer loves the experience that
they're getting from us on QuickBooks Live. And the team is just innovating like crazy to close some of the
gaps. And so we're excited about the possibilities.

Operator

Our next question comes from Arvind Ramnani of Piper Sandler.

Arvind Anil Ramnani
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I wanted to follow up on a question that was asked earlier around kind of the increase in brokerage
accounts. And I just wanted to ask about potential lift from crypto users. This will be the first time these
users will need to do -- some of them will be first-time filers, but many of them will certainly be adding the
kind of the added product for capital gains or losses. Are you seeing any kind of lift from this segment of
users?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Arvind, it's not particularly just from the crypto users. We're just -- there are just millions more of
customers that are doing their own trading in the U.S. and outside the United States. And come tax time,
they need to be able to do their taxes. And so we're just seeing an increase in our Premier product, both
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

INTUIT INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

with Live because if you need assistance, you can use Live. And if you want to do it yourself, you just use,
of course, our Premier Do It Yourself product. So we're seeing an overall increase based on an increase in
retail investing. I couldn't call out something that's material on the crypto side.

Arvind Anil Ramnani
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Great, great. And when you just think about the kind of the lift in revenues, I mean, I'm not looking for a
specific quantification, but directionally, are you expecting more of a lift from increased ARPU or increased
users?

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. The way we designed our long-term growth rate is on the underpenetrated segments, which is
investment community, self-employed and Latinx and it's TurboTax Live. And with TurboTax Live, just by
design, it has a higher ARPU. Now right now, we are so early in the shaping of the category and being able
to acquire customers that the best thing for you all to anchor on is what we shared at Investor Day, which
is our long-term expectations just on the tax side is 8% to 12%. And probably the largest driver of the
higher end is ARPU. And just know that we're being very intentional about right now raising awareness,
both with our campaigns, but the free expertise that we are providing for those that have very simple
returns just to create awareness in the category. But in the long term, it's ARPU because of the assisted
segment.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Millman of Millman Research.

Michael Millman
Millman Research Associates

A couple of questions. You mentioned that Credit Karma was getting some business from assisted. Can
you talk about if that normal switching around between different methods? Or if this is particularly a Credit
Karma-type business activity? Secondly, can you talk about -- and maybe you do this, whether you can
use RALs to kind of speed up some of this movement, particularly from assisted. And I guess, well, let's
talk start with those.

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Sure, Michael. Thank you for your question. The point I made earlier was twofold. One, that this is
a learning year for us in launching TurboTax as part of the Credit Karma platform. And we're just running
a lot of experiments to make sure that we can deliver a fantastic experience before we go big in the out-
years. But the second comment that I made is that, that a good portion, we've not divulged the number of
Credit Karma members, use the assisted segment. And it's very much connected to -- when you look at --
there's 155 million or 160 million IRS returns, 86 million are in the assisted segment. Proportionality is the
same thing within the Credit Karma base. So that's the point that I was making earlier.

To your second question about RAL is really the biggest driver of getting a customer to use a digital
platform is actually confidence are not early access to their money. They have to first have confidence
that they can get their taxes done right with you, which is where our experts and expertise comes in. And
that's really where a lot of our investments are going. We also provide early access to your refund. But
really, the big driver is about ensuring that we deliver confidence to our experts.

Michael Millman
Millman Research Associates

Do you see a big opportunity, added money to move with confidence over to eliminating RAL, kind of
money?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

INTUIT INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Sasan K. Goodarzi
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Well, first of all, we're really focused on getting these customers that come to our platform by
ensuring that they know that they can get access to an expert. So confidence is first and foremost. And
of course, there are different methods that we can help these customers get early access to the refund
that's very, very consumer-friendly. So the answer is yes, but it's secondary to providing expertise to
these customers to use the platform.

And thank you, everybody. I know we ran a little bit over. I appreciate everyone's questions. I wish
everyone well, stay safe. Until next time. We'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you, everybody.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. This concludes today's conference call.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

INTUIT INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

