Intuitive Surgical, Inc. NasdaqGS:ISRG
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 20, 2021 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.63

3.52

Revenue  (mm)

1111.92

1292.10

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-20-2021 12:36 PM GMT

33.84

16.20

2.88

12.51

15.25

1152.85

4946.50

5787.60

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.49

2.05

3.11

2.63

1.11

2.77

3.58

3.52

SURPRISE

126.53 %

35.12 %

15.11 %

33.84 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Jamie E. Samath
Senior VP of Finance & Principal
Accounting Officer

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

Philip Kim

ANALYSTS

Amit Hazan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Frederick Allen Wise
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Matthew Charles Taylor
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Richard S. Newitter
SVB Leerink LLC, Research
Division

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Securities, Research Division

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Intuitive Q1 2021 Earnings Release.
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the
conference over to our host Philip Kim, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Philip Kim

Good afternoon, and welcome to Intuitive's first quarter earnings conference call. With me today, we have
Gary Guthart, our CEO; Marshall Mohr, our Chief Financial Officer; and Jamie Samath, our Senior Vice
President, Finance.

Before we begin, I would like to inform you that comments mentioned on today's call may be deemed to
contain forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied
as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in
our Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our most recent Form 10-K filed on February
10, 2021. Our SEC filings can be found throughout our website or at the SEC's website. Investors are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.

Please note that this conference call will be available for audio replay on our website at intuitive.com on
the Latest Events section under our Investor Relations. Today's press release and supplementary financial
data tables have been posted to our website. Today's format will consist of providing you with highlights of
our first quarter results as described in our press release announced earlier today, followed by a question-
and-answer session. Gary will present the quarter's business and operational highlights. Marshall will
provide a review of our financial results. I will discuss procedure and clinical highlights. And Jamie will
review our financial outlook. Finally, we will host a question-and-answer session. With that, I will turn it
over to Gary.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Thank you for joining us today. Our first quarter of 2021 was a step in the right direction. In the quarter,
we saw a healthy recovery of surgery and use of our products. Strong capital placements continued in
Q1 2021, and utilization of installed systems increased through the quarter, indicating a need by our
customers to return to surgery. We're in the early innings of commercialization of 2 new platforms for
Intuitive while advancing digital enablement of our ecosystem. Our teams are making good progress in all
3 areas.

Overall, we're seeing some pandemic recovery, but improvement has been uneven with significant regional
variation. Our experience shows that our business rebounds as COVID drops.

Starting with procedures. General surgery in the United States was a source of strength in the quarter,
driven by bariatric surgery, cholecystectomy and other procedures. Bariatric surgery has been on a
multi-quarter growth trajectory, the result of aligned development and commercial activity, starting
with a capable system, using advanced instruments and combined with a focused commercial team.
Ventral hernia surgery is recovering, with inguinal hernia tracking behind, aligned to hospital and patient
prioritization.

In the U.S., gynecology and urology returned to growth after pandemic-related declines. Growth in our
second largest market, China, continued to be strong with multiple specialties contributing.

Lastly, procedures that have long diagnostic journeys such as prostatectomy and thoracic surgery, remain
below historical levels. Philip will take you through procedure dynamics in more detail later in the call.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

On the capital side, new system placements continue to exceed our expectations with the United States,
China, France and the U.K. standing out in the quarter. We know that new system placements are closely
tied to anticipated procedure volumes and system utilization in mature markets.

System utilization grew in the quarter on average with significant regional variance due to pandemic
differences. Overall, capital strength indicates anticipation of future procedure opportunity by our
customers. A significant number of systems were part of multisystem deals by hospitals and integrated
delivery networks, supporting a theme in which customers who know robotic-assisted surgery well
continue to invest with us.

Lastly, the use of leasing and other alternative capital placement models ticked up again this quarter.
Marshall will take you through capital placements in more detail later in the call.

Surveying our business around the world, our business in China is growing quickly from a small base,
and we are pleased with the performance of our joint venture with Fosun Pharma. We believe there is
significant long-term opportunity in China and remind you that it is currently a quota-controlled market.
We expect China to be dynamic and competitive in coming years, and we're investing in the market to
bolster our place as a leading provider to the Chinese health care system.

In Japan, growth remains healthy, though below pre-pandemic levels. In Europe, our business in France
and Germany have performed well, considering the pandemic. In the U.K., tightly controlled surgery
resulted in procedure declines, but we've also seen an increased commitment to robotic-assisted surgery
in the form of increased capital placements, anticipating a return of da Vinci surgery post pandemic.

Italy and Spain are rapidly returning to growth after substantial pandemic impacts.

Speaking to our finances in the quarter, procedures recovered nicely in Q1. System placements came in
above plan and I&A revenue per procedure was above our expectations, together, driving 18% revenue
growth over Q1 2020. The product gross margins were strong in the quarter, largely due to above-average
system ASPs, lower-than-expected excess and obsolescence charges and higher volumes through our
factories.

Other spending was constrained in the quarter, driven by 3 factors. First, travel and associated costs did
not recur at pre-pandemic levels. This spend will increase as COVID wanes and our customers and our
staff reach immunity.

Second, COVID delayed some work in R&D, leading to some underspend in prototypes. We expect these
programs to ramp up as COVID wanes and our labs and development programs recover efficiency.

Third, we deferred some investments in infrastructure that were unnecessary during the pandemic. We
think most of these factors will normalize over time, and we consider them onetime events related to
the pandemic. We are still in the early stages of developing robotic-assisted surgery globally, and we will
continue investing in R&D and our regional capabilities to realize these opportunities.

As I mentioned at the start of the call, we are in the early phases of our commercialization efforts for new
platforms, which we expect to play out over future quarters. Our single port surgery platform, da Vinci SP,
we performed our first cases in the U.S. and Korea of an important accessory, our SP access port, which
enables surgery close to the [ body wall ] and eases assistant surgeon access through the single incision.
The access port is an important -- is important in the SP ecosystem, facilitating access and workflow in
many procedures in which SP is used. We've had very strong customer feedback on the port to date.

We are also increasing our investments to accelerate new indications in key countries. In the U.S., we
have 2 cleared indications for SP and expect to initiate cases as part of our colorectal IDE this quarter.
We've seen strong interest in SP use in various specialties, and we're in the process of designing trials for
additional indications, including thoracic surgery and other surgical disciplines. Overall, we've received
robust customer feedback for SPUs under existing clearances.

Turning to our flexible robotics platform, Ion, we installed 14 systems in the quarter. We are recovering
from our supply backlog and are meeting demand for ion procedures at all our installed accounts while

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

working to fill customer inventory stocking requests and our internal inventory goals, which we expect
to complete around midyear. Our precise trial evaluating the ability to reach and diagnose suspicious
pulmonary lesions is on track to finish enrollment by Q2 this year. Our Ion clinical performance is meeting
our expectations and customer acceptance remains highly encouraging.

In our digital ecosystem enablement, we broadened access to our mobile surgeon portal, the My Intuitive
app, this April as part of our phased launch. My Intuitive is a mobile app that allows surgeons to manage
their da Vinci experience, log into da Vinci systems, manage their training and view their operative data
from the palm of their hand.

Our Intuitive telepresence program supported 45% of all case observations in Q1 2021, up from less
than 5% a year ago, a significant achievement accelerated by the pandemic, improving convenience for
our customers and reducing costs for our team. Year-over-year surgical stimulation usage in the quarter
grew roughly 46% over Q1 2020, validating the power of digital tools. Finally, our team made significant
progress in automating customer-facing analytics as part of our robotics program consulting services,
which allow our customers to analyze the relative performance of their da Vinci programs. Now we retain
part of customer engagement in the United States.

In conclusion, we're seeing adjustments in the health care system that favor our offerings. Increased
depreciation of high-quality MIS in the current and post-pandemic environment, increased openness to
digital technologies, increased use of analytics to assess care and increasing sensitivity by health systems
to total cost to treat.

We have and will continue to position ourselves to perform well in this environment. I'll now turn the time
over to Marshall to take you through our financial performance in greater detail.

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

Good afternoon. I will describe the highlights of our performance on a non-GAAP or pro forma basis. I will
also summarize our GAAP performance later in my prepared remarks. A reconciliation between our pro
forma and GAAP results is posted to our website.

Key business metrics for the first quarter were as follows:

First quarter 2021 procedures increased approximately 16% compared with the first quarter of 2020, was
approximately the same as last quarter. On a day-adjusted basis, procedures grew 18% year-over-year.

First quarter system placements of 298 systems increased 26% compared with 237 systems for the
first quarter of 2020 and decreased 9% compared with the 326 systems last quarter. We expanded our
installed base of da Vinci systems over the last year by 8% to approximately 6,142 systems. This growth
rate compares with 11% last year and 7% last quarter.

Utilization of clinical systems in the field measured by procedures per system increased approximately 8%
compared with last year and decreased 2% compared with last quarter.

The impact of COVID on da Vinci procedures varied by region. In the U.S., COVID resurgence affected
procedures later in the fourth quarter continued well into January. Then as COVID subsided, procedures
experienced a steady improvement through February and March. In Europe, the spread of COVID varied
regionally and procedure growth rates were mixed with strength in France and a year-over-year decline in
the U.K.

While there have been COVID hotspots within some of our Asia Pacific markets, they tended to be isolated,
and in general, procedures performed well. China growth was far higher than other regions reflecting
the severity of the COVID impact on China in the first quarter of last year and the additional system
installations over the past year.

Philip will provide additional procedure commentary later in this call.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Despite the fact that hospitals are better equipped to handle COVID patients today compared with the
outset of the pandemic, resurgences of COVID-19 and its variants, like those currently being experienced
in parts of Europe and the U.S., have challenged hospital care capabilities and have negatively impacted
da Vinci procedures. In addition, delays in diagnosis and treatment of underlying conditions have
continued to negatively impact da Vinci procedures. While there is a backlog of patients, it is unpredictable
when those patients will ultimately seek diagnosis in treatment and whether they will be treated in
surgery.

Jamie will be providing procedure guidance later in this call. That guidance is based on our experience in
the first quarter and the pace at which vaccines have been and are forecasted to be rolled out. Changes
in the spread of COVID and its variance in the pace of vaccine rollouts could significantly impact our
guidance.

Moving on to capital placements. Placements in the quarter reflected procedure growth, hospitals
purchasing systems in preparation for a post-pandemic environment, and hospitals upgrading in order
to access or standardize on fourth generation capabilities. First quarter capital placements exceeded our
expectations. We believe that generally, COVID has had less of an impact on hospital capital spending
capacity and that customers recognize that da Vinci surgery meets their quadruple aim objectives better
than other surgical approaches.

Looking forward, we see the following capital revenue dynamics: Procedure growth drives capital
purchases in many of our markets. To the extent that COVID impacts procedures, it will also impact capital
purchases.

Leasing and alternative financing arrangements have enabled customers access to capital. We believe
leasing will increase as a percentage of sales over time, which will result in the deferral of otherwise
current revenue into future periods.

The trade-in cycle has been a tailwind to system placements. However, as the installed base of older
generation product declines, the number of trade-ins will decline.

Macroeconomic conditions created by COVID could regionally impact hospital capital spending. And as
we face competition in various markets, we may experience longer selling cycles and price pressures.
Additional revenue statistics and trends are as follows: Total first quarter revenue was $1.292 billion,
representing an 18% increase from last year and a 3% decrease from last quarter.

First quarter revenue growth reflected procedure growth and higher-than-expected system placements.
Leasing represented 43% of current quarter placements compared with 32% last year and 37% last
quarter. Leasing as a percentage of total sales has and will continue to fluctuate with customer and
geographic mix. However, given hospital [indiscernible], we anticipate more customers will seek leasing or
alternative financing arrangements than reflected in historical run rates.

44% of systems placed in the first quarter involved trade-ins, which is lower than the 57% last year and
49% last quarter. Trade-in activity can fluctuate and be difficult to predict.

First quarter system average selling prices increased to $1.65 million from $1.44 million last year and
$1.43 million in the fourth quarter. The increase relative to last year reflects a higher mix of systems
placed in China and our direct markets relative to our indirect markets, a higher mix of dual console
systems and a lower proportion of trade-in transactions. The increase relative to last quarter reflects a
higher mix of dual consoles and a lower proportion of trade-in transactions. We recognized $19 million of
lease buyout revenue in the first quarter compared with $12 million last year and $14 million last quarter.
Lease buyout revenue has varied significantly quarter-to-quarter and will likely continue to do so.

Instrument and accessory revenue per procedure for the first quarter of $1,950 decreased compared with
$1,990 per procedure for the first quarter of last year and $2,060 per procedure in the fourth quarter of
2020.

Extended use instruments were introduced in the U.S. and Europe in the fourth quarter. While we saw
increased usage of extended use instruments in these markets, full adoption will occur over the next few

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

quarters as customers burn off lower use product. In addition, we saw customers begin to adjust their
instrument buying patterns to reduce their inventory levels to reflect the additional uses per instrument.

Increased usage of extended use instruments and customer buying patterns are the primary reasons
for the decrease in instrument and accessory revenue per procedure in the first quarter relative to prior
quarters. We expect this trend to continue over the next few quarters. While we expect price elasticity
associated with extended use instruments to enable greater penetration into available markets, that
benefit is delayed by COVID and otherwise will take time.

6% of the systems placed in the first quarter were SP systems, reflecting a continued measured rollout
of SP. Our installed base of SP systems is now 75; 8 in Korea and 67 in the U.S. Our rollout of the SP
Surgical System continues to be measured putting systems in the hands of experienced da Vinci users
while we pursue additional indications and optimize training pathways in our supply chain. We expect to
initiate first cases associated with the U.S. colorectal trial in the next few months.

We placed 14 Ion systems in the quarter, bringing the installed base to 50 systems. Ion system
placements and procedures are excluded from our overall system and procedure counts. The supply issues
we called out last quarter had less of an impact on Ion placements and procedures this quarter. We expect
to have resolved those supply issues this quarter. Our rollout of Ion will continue to be measured while
we optimize training pathways in our supply chain. Procedures under the precise study are expected to
complete this quarter.

Outside of the U.S., we placed 108 systems in the first quarter compared with 55 in the first quarter of
2020 and 130 systems last quarter.

Current quarter system placements included 59 into Europe, 8 into Japan and 23 into China compared
with 25 into Europe, 10 into Japan and 9 into China in the first quarter of 2020. 22 of the 59 systems
placed in Europe this quarter were in the U.K. Placements in many markets like the U.K. can vary
significantly quarter-to-quarter. While we are pleased with the performance of the U.K. team, we do not
anticipate this level of placements in the U.K. in future quarters.

Moving on to gross margin and operating expenses. Pro forma gross margin for the first quarter of 2021
was 71.8% compared with 69.7% for both the first and fourth quarters of 2020. The first and fourth
quarters of 2020 included higher period costs associated with lower production and higher excess and
obsolete inventory charges. In addition, the first quarter of 2021 reflected leveraging fixed costs over
higher production levels.

Product and customer mix fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, which can cause fluctuations in gross margins. In
addition, if revenues are pressured by COVID-19, production levels may operate at below normal levels
which may result in higher labor costs and under-absorbed overhead and reduced product margins.

COVID has impacted global supplies of semiconductors and other materials used in our products. While we
carry safety stocks of critical components and are otherwise working to secure supply necessary to ensure
fulfillment of customer demand, global shortages could result in higher production costs or production
delays.

Pro forma operating expenses increased 5% compared with the first quarter of 2020 and increased 2%
compared with the fourth quarter of 2020. The fourth quarter of 2020 included a $25 million contribution
to the Intuitive foundation, while there were no contributions in the first quarters of 2021 and 2020.

The increase compared to the prior year reflects costs associated with higher headcount and increased
variable compensation, partially offset by lower spending in areas impacted by COVID. First quarter
spending was below our expectations for the reasons outlined by Gary in his opening remarks.

Looking to the remainder of the year, we expect spending impacted by COVID-19, including clinical
development, in-person training, marketing events and travel costs to increase as COVID's impacts
decrease and spending deferred due to COVID and other timing matters to increase. Jamie will provide
spend guidance later in this call.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Our pro forma effective tax rate for the first quarter was approximately 20%, meeting our expectations.
Our actual tax rate will fluctuate with changes in geographic mix of income, changes in taxation made by
local authorities, and with the impact of onetime items. Our pro forma 2020 -- our first quarter 2020 pro
forma net income was $427 million or $3.52 per share compared with $323 million or $2.69 per share for
the first quarter of 2020 and $434 million or $3.58 per share for last quarter.

I will now summarize our GAAP results.

GAAP net income was $426 million, or $3.51 per share for the first quarter of 2021, compared with GAAP
net income of $314 million or $2.62 per share for the first quarter of 2020 and GAAP net income of $365
million or $3.02 per share for last quarter. The adjustments between pro forma and GAAP net income are
outlined and quantified on our website and include: excess tax benefits associated with employee stock
awards, employee stock-based compensation and IP charges, amortization of intangibles and acquisition-
related items and legal settlement.

GAAP net income for the fourth quarter of 2020 and the first quarter of 2021 also included pretax gains
of $4.7 million and $14.3 million on our investments in private companies resulting from our purchases of
certain technologies. The EPS impact of these gains, net of tax, was $0.03 per share in the fourth quarter
and $0.09 per share in the first quarter. These gains are excluded from our pro forma results.

We ended the quarter with cash and investments of $7.2 billion compared with $6.9 billion at December
31, 2020. the increase in cash in the first quarter primarily reflected cash from operations and stock
exercises. We did not repurchase any shares in the quarter. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Philip,
who will go over procedure performance.

Philip Kim

Thank you, Marshall. Our overall first quarter procedure growth was 16% year-over-year compared to
10% growth during the first quarter of 2020 and 6% growth last quarter. Our Q1 procedure growth was
driven by 14% year-over-year growth in the U.S. and 23% growth OUS.

Procedures in the U.S. recovered steadily after January as COVID cases declined and the associated
impact on hospital resources improved. In the U.S., within general surgery, bariatric, cholecystectomy and
hernia were the largest contributors to procedure growth within the quarter. Bariatrics growth remained
strong with positive customer feedback on our advanced instrument portfolio. Cholecystectomy growth
was driven by the continued expansion of robotic procedures by general surgeons throughout their total
practice. Inguinal hernia growth trailed dental growth in the quarter.

With respect to our more mature procedure categories in the U.S., Q1 gynecology procedures grew double
digits the prior year growth comparison that was negative due to COVID. While dVP in the U.S. stabilized
in Q1 from previous declines, it remains unclear when patients who have been impacted from delays in
diagnosis and treatment will ultimately come back.

In aggregate, on a worldwide basis, prostatectomy in the first quarter largely stabilized. More broadly,
OUS procedure growth was driven by urology, earlier stage growth in general surgery, gynecology and
thoracic procedures.

With respect to OUS markets, China procedure growth was strong and benefited from the severe first
quarter 2020 impact of COVID and an increase in the installed base over the past year. China had broad-
based growth in all procedure categories.

In Japan, procedure growth moderated somewhat due to restrictions associated with COVID. Procedure
growth in South Korea was encouraging with SP utilization continuing to be above Xi. In Europe, France
had a solid quarter with broad-based strength in a wide range of procedure categories. The U.K. remained
challenged due to COVID.

Now turning to the clinical side of our business. Each quarter on these calls, we highlight certain recently
published studies that we deem to be notable. However, to gain a more complete understanding of the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

body of evidence, we encourage all stakeholders to thoroughly review the extensive detail of scientific
studies that have been published over the years.

A recent article by Dr. Mohamed A. Abd El Aziz, Fabian Grass, and David Larson, with colleagues from the
Mayo Clinic published in Surgical Endoscopy provided results from a real-world study aimed to analyze
national trends of conversion during elective colectomies in addition to MIS utilization trends. Using the
ACS National Surgical Quality Improvement Program database for elective laparoscopic or robotic-assisted
colectomy between January 2013 and December 2018, a total of 66,652 patients were identified. Overall
conversion rates from MIS to open were approximately 42% lower for robotic-assisted procedures when
compared to laparoscopic procedures, 4.9% versus 8.5%. The rate was also lower for obese patients with
a BMI greater than or equal to 36% versus 10.3%.

The authors concluded in part, "This large-scale study identified a decreasing trend in conversion rates
6-year inclusion period, both overall and in patients with obesity, paralleling, increased utilization of the
robotics platform. Given the potential negative impact of conversion on patient outcomes, individual
institutions should consider a review of their own conversion data as this may represent an opportunity for
quality improvement."

In February of this year, Dr. Amir Bastawrous, of the Swedish Cancer Institute in Seattle, Washington; and
Dr. Robert Cleary of St. Joseph Mercy Hospital in Ann Arbor, Michigan, published a real-world observational
study, which compared the rates of long-term opioid prescriptions for patients who underwent minimally
invasive and open colectomies. This study utilized the IBM MarketScan research database and analyzed
14,887 eligible patients who underwent a colon resection via the open laparoscopic or robotic-assisted
approach between 2013 and 2017.

In the 1:1 propensity score matched analysis comparing the MIS and open approaches with over 5,000
patients in each arm, the MIS approach has significantly lower incidence rate of long-term prescriptions
of any opioids by approximately 36%, 13.3% versus 20.9%; schedule 2 and 3 opioids by approximately
39%, 11.7% versus 19.2%; and high-dose opioids by approximately 44%, 4.3% versus 7.7%, from
90 to 180 days postoperatively. Looking at the matched analysis between robotic-assisted surgery
and laparoscopy with over 1,100 subjects in each group, the robotic-assisted approach demonstrated
approximately 45% lower long-term prescription rates of high-dose opioids, 2.1% versus 3.8% when
compared to the laparoscopic approach.

Furthermore, in subgroup analyses, the robotic-assisted approach showed significantly lower rates of
long-term prescriptions in any opioids, schedule 2 and 3 opioids and high-dose opioids compared to the
laparoscopic approach for subjects undergoing colectomy for nonmalignant conditions.

The authors concluded in part, "Choosing an MIS option in robotic-assisted surgery for some colorectal
operations is a modifiable factor that may contribute to less long-term opioid use."

And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Jamie, who will review our financial outlook.

Jamie E. Samath
Senior VP of Finance & Principal Accounting Officer

Good afternoon. While there continues to be uncertainty regarding the ongoing impact of COVID-19 and
given moderating coverage hospitalization trends and vaccination progress, particularly in the U.S., which
accounted for approximately 70% of our 2020 procedures, we are reestablishing our financial guidance.

In providing this guidance, we note that there are emerging supply constraints in our supply chain, for
example, in the semiconductor industry. The outlook we are providing does not reflect any potential
significant disruption or additional costs related to these supply constraints.

Our financial outlook for 2021 is as follows: starting with procedures, total 2020 da Vinci procedures grew
approximately 1% to roughly 1,243,000 procedures performed worldwide. For 2021 and we anticipate
full year procedure growth within a range of 22% to 26%. We expect 2021 procedure growth to continue
to be driven by U.S. general surgery and procedures outside of the United States where we are at earlier
stages of adoption.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

The high end of the range assumes that COVID cases and the impact on da Vinci procedures continue to
decline throughout the year, the vaccine rollouts continue at the level currently expected by governments
around the world, and that recovery of patient backlog will progress. Modeling quarterly results is difficult
given the impact that COVID had on 2020 procedures. Therefore, with respect to procedure seasonality,
we expect similar quarterly patterns for 2019.

With respect to capital, system placements are generally driven by procedure demand, prompting
hospitals to establish or expand robotic system capacity. System placement demand is also the result of
customers standardizing our fourth generation technology through trade-ins.

Capital sales can vary substantially from period-to-period based upon many factors, including government
health care policies, hospital capital spending cycles, reimbursement and government quotas, product
cycles, economic cycles and competitive factors. Within this framework, we'd expect 2021 capital
placements generally be driven by procedures and the adequacy of existing capacity in the installed base.

During the first quarter of 2021, 43% of systems shipped were under operating leases. We expect that the
proportion of systems placed under operating leases will vary from quarter-to-quarter and could continue
to trend up in the future.

Turning to gross profit. Our full year 2020 pro forma gross profit margin was 68.4%, reflecting the impact
of fixed -- higher fixed overhead costs relative to revenue, higher excess and obsolete inventory charges,
and the customer relief program that was implemented in the second quarter of 2020. Our full year 2019
pro forma gross profit margin was 71.7%. In 2021, we expect our pro forma gross profit margin to be
within a range of between 70% and 71% of revenue. Our actual gross profit margin will vary quarter-to-
quarter, depending largely on product, regional trade-in mix, the impact of product cost reductions and
manufacturing efficiencies and competitive pricing pressure. With respect to operating expenses, in 2019,
our pro forma operating expenses grew 27%. And in 2020, given the impact of the pandemic, they grew
3%.

In 2021, we expect pro forma full year operating expense growth to be between 18% and 22%, reflecting
increases in investments in our digital ecosystem, Ion, SP, OUS expansion, higher regulatory-related costs
and infrastructure investments to allow us to scale.

2021 spending also expected to be impacted by a return over the course of the year to higher rates of
travel, increased customer training and a greater proportion of marketing events being held in person and
by a variable compensation. We expect our noncash stock compensation expense to range between $450
million to $470 million in 2021 compared to $396 million in 2020. We expect pro forma other income,
which is comprised mostly of interest income, to total between $45 million and $55 million in 2021,
reflecting lower interest rates relative to 2020.

With regard to income tax, in 2020, our pro forma income tax rate was 22.5%. As we look forward, we
estimate our 2021 pro forma tax rate to be between 20% and 21% of pretax income. Our 2021 outlook
for the pro forma tax rate does not reflect any potential change in U.S. tax rates.
That concludes our prepared comments. We will now open the call to your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] First, we're going to the line of Amit Hazan.

Amit Hazan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Can you hear me okay?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

We can.

Amit Hazan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Great. I'd maybe burn the first question on just the guide. Obviously, appreciate that just given all the
uncertainty on the procedure side.

And so given that you gave that number, I want to see if you'd go a step further and just give us a little
bit more color as to how you got there. We're obviously all kind of trying to figure out recovery back
to normal, but also these potential buckets of recapturing backlog of procedure categories for you,
particularly in prostate, I suspect. Can you just talk to how you thought about those backlog of patients
and that return to normal as you develop this guide for the rest of the year on the procedure side?

Jamie E. Samath
Senior VP of Finance & Principal Accounting Officer

Yes. So maybe, Amit, I'll start with -- this is Jamie. I'll start with the low end of the procedure guidance.

So we considered 3 factors in the low end. We see the possibility of extended impact of COVID in certain
OUS geographies with slower vaccine rollouts and resurgences in some of those geographies. We see that
in parts of Europe currently.

Secondly, we embedded in the lower end of the procedure guidance, a slower recovery of diagnostic
pipelines that have been impacted during the pandemic.

And then the third item in the low end of the guidance, is the possibility of regionalized resurgence of
COVID in the U.S. as we race towards the rollout of vaccines and, ultimately, at some point, achieve herd
immunity in the U.S.

With respect to the backlog, the backlog's accumulated really for 3 factors: lower diagnostic pipelines,
deferred elective surgery as hospital systems get inundated with COVID cases and patient reluctance to
undergo surgery during COVID resurgences. These subcomponents, we think, get recovered over different
periods of time. The backlog is actually constantly netting between increases and recovery. So the total
accumulative backlog is difficult to predict. The rate of recovery is also difficult to predict, but we expect it
to go through into 2022. And so the '21 procedure guidance that we provided reflects our best estimate of
the range of the impact of backlog in the year.

Amit Hazan
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. I appreciate that. And I want to come back with the second question just to a topic that's been
discussed before. But I figured, in light of COVID, to bring it up again, which is this is a question of
ambulatory surgery centers and lower acuity procedures generally. I mean, especially given COVID, it just
seems like there's never been more of an optimal time for Intuitive to discuss and go after this part of the
market. And we still don't hear you talking about it that much. So I just -- it begs the question of what's
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

holding you back? And we know that the reflect answers seems -- reflex kind of answer seem to be on the
reimbursement side and that it may not be optimal.

When I think about your advantages that you pitched to hospitals on the marketing side, the surgeon
benefit, frankly, the outcomes, that seems to be a lot more important and potentially beneficial than where
reimbursement lies. So help us out here. Why are ambulatory surgery centers not a bigger opportunity for
you right now?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Yes, this is Gary. We are already in ambulatory surgery environments with our customers of different
types, and we see healthy programs there. I don't think we are struggling from the point of view of having
a product that can help them or services that can help them or a way to have a conversation. I think all
those things are in place. I do believe that over time, reimbursement matters, particularly in customers
that operate in both environments, hospitals and ASCs. For them, reimbursement matters. If they're
going to move a patient, but they get a big difference in the revenue, then they're going to make those
decisions.

It may change over time. And that -- what payers ultimately decide to do and whether they want to create
some incentives to help things move into ASCs, we'll be ready. Long term, I'm bullish on that. I think the
environment makes sense. But economics and incentives really matter. It doesn't clear up your question.
It reinforces our position.

Operator

And next, we'll go into the line of Larry Biegelsen.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Gary, can you please provide more color on the Intuitive telepresence feature that you mentioned on
this call? It's the first time I heard you talk about it, and that 45% of procedures was a pretty impressive
number. Is that through your agreement with InTouch? How is it being used by customers? What are the
benefits? And how do you see that playing out post COVID? And I had 1 follow-up.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So you're right. It is the result of the technology and a collaborative agreement we signed with
InTouch many years ago. We brought a team over as well as some of the technology and have put it in our
hands.

The use case I was talking about there is the ability for people who are interested in observing a case by
an expert, to log in online through a secure network, high-speed streaming, and view that case on da
Vinci accounts. And that's an important part of both knowledge transfer from those high-volume accounts,
as well as an introductory exposure for surgeons who are thinking about it. So that has been great.

There are other use cases for streaming connections, video streaming connections into our products
that I won't detail now. It's pretty neat. And so prior, we had started that. I was a believer -- or we,
as a company, were believers that those kinds of access, think of it as kind of surgical Face Time or
surgical Skype over a distance. That kind of access would be important to folks, and the pandemic really
accelerated it. And so we had the technology infrastructure in place. And as people started to be more
open to the use of digital tools to do their learning and exposure and wanted to stay off the planes and out
of cars, we saw it really accelerate. And that's what we've been touching on there.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

That's very helpful. And then lastly, what response are you getting from the extended use program you
introduced in Q4 2020? Any changes to kind of the impact that we could see from that? And any color yet
on demand elasticity?

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sure. So we introduced extended use instruments into Europe and into the U.S. in Q4. We did see
increased usage of extended use instruments. They still have some level of inventory of shorter life use
instruments and they're burning that off.

We also had commented last quarter that we saw stocking orders of extended use instruments. And
we're seeing some adjustment of their buying patterns to recognize the increased number of uses per
instrument.

So the quarter, as I called out, instrument and accessory revenue per procedure was lower than last
quarter, and it primarily reflects those factors: the use of extended instruments and adjustments of
inventory buying patterns.

I don't think it's exhausted the whole impact. I think if you go back to our previous script, you'd see that
we said that had you implemented this in 2019, it would have affected total revenue by about $150 million
to $170 million, or about 7% of Ion [ aid ] per procedure, and we've only seen a part of that so far. When
the rest of it will hit is questionable. It will roll out over time as they continue to use those instruments
and as we roll it out to other countries.

Operator

And next, we're going to the line of Bob Hopkins.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Securities, Research Division

Great. I wanted to ask a question or a few questions on just the first quarter procedure volume numbers
that you provided because it was obviously a lot stronger than consensus estimates. And so Gary, I was
just wondering a couple of quick things. Is it safe to assume that the end of the quarter was materially
stronger than the beginning and middle of the quarter in terms of procedure growth. And then I was just
wondering what stood out to you, Gary, either geographically or by procedure type in the quarter that you
think is worth calling out?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

So your -- thanks for the question. So the first one, we definitely saw growth through the quarter, which
was encouraging.

In terms of procedure types, I think there's this interesting mix. The prioritization that folks are making
as they come back in the hospitals, I think, is a mixture of patient desire, depending on what they think
their condition might be, for example, bariatrics, and hospital and surgeons prioritization around urgency,
for example, diagnosed cancers and changes or challenges to the diagnostic pipeline. I was pleased by
U.S. general surgery. I think that, that has shown some resilience. A lot of that is benign procedures. And
I think that, that has been kind of on the upside of our models. So, so far, so good.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Securities, Research Division

And then one follow-up just on that also to get a little bit of a better flavor for procedure volumes in the
quarter by geography. I'm just curious, on Europe, what's your take on how bad are things there for -- in
your view? And just curious maybe how far below 16% was Europe in the quarter.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Yes. I won't quantify it for you, but just to give you a little bit of qualitative color, and Marshall, please
jump in and help. In the U.K., we've seen NHS make priority decisions firmly and that reflects what
we see in the procedure performance itself, which has been suppressed. That said, we're also seeing
commitments to MIS in the form of capital acquisition and other things that indicate to us that they're
rotating toward it. So there, it's kind of a mixed conversation.

France and Germany have been surprisingly good despite complexity with regard to the way COVID is
rolling out. And then as we look at Spain and Italy, we see it really just follow, as COVID eases, surgery
comes back and we come back with it.

Overall, we feel like we have really good leadership teams in place in country. We feel like we're in good
connection with the health care systems. I think we're being agile and adaptable to meet their needs,
which is really controlling what we can control. And in that sense, I think the company is doing all right.
Marshall, anything you'd add?

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

No, I think it was great color. I think the only other thing I would add is the -- we've talked about in
the past that a lot of the procedures we're performing are urologic, and we're in the process, in certain
countries, of pivoting. And we're starting to see some adoption in GYN and general surgeries in some
countries, but we still have work to do.

Operator

And next, we go into the line of Tycho Peterson.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

A couple of follow-ups. I'm curious what's baked into guidance on utilization given the extent of the you
use instrument kind of commentary before. What are you kind of modeling for utilization for the year?

Jamie E. Samath
Senior VP of Finance & Principal Accounting Officer

Yes. I think I would refer Tycho back to 2019 patterns in terms of utilization. Obviously, in the end, capital
is going to be driven by procedure performance. So I think I would just refer to seasonal patterns in 2019
as a starting point.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And then you've commented a couple of times on this call and other calls on the diagnostic pipelines
being under pressure. Can you just talk a little bit about how they are looking as a leading indicator to
some of the more mature procedures, dVP in particular?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Jamie, why don't you jump in?

Jamie E. Samath
Senior VP of Finance & Principal Accounting Officer

Yes. So we have some market data, actually, for the U.S. What we see is -- and that's through February
'21. What we see is most of the diagnostic tests, PSA testing, for example, CT scans on lung cancer, we
see that those have been suppressed during this period. So we haven't seen them start to recover, at least
in the data that we've seen so far. And we see that reasonably correlated to the associated procedures. So
PSA, dVP has been relatively weak during that period. So has lobectomy. So so far, we haven't seen any
evidence of recovery in diagnostic testing in the U. S.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

There are some anecdotes that it's starting to get better in March. We'll see as it plays out. Even after
the diagnostic gets done, there's a work up -- a pipeline that has to be done. That said, I don't feel like
we have any evidence that it's moving away from surgery. So it appears, in those kind of cases, that it's
building a backlog that ultimately will flow through. If PSA testing back in 2012 is a guide, it will take
several quarters for that to work its way up.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And then last one on SP -- 2 quick ones, actually. Can you confirm you started the IDE trial for
colorectal in the quarter? And then Gary, you mentioned thoracic surgery and other disciplines. I'm just
curious if you could talk a little bit about the road map, other areas you might go after with SP?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Sure. On the SP side, on the IDEs, the first cases are scheduled. We have -- we've got all the paperwork
done in our research institutions that we're working through, at least the first starting ones, and we expect
that to happen. The first cases have not yet gone through. They should happen here in the next few
weeks.

Thoracic, that's the first time we've been telling you that we think that's interesting. There are single-
port opportunities for thoracic surgery and we are excited by them. We're working through what those
trials look like and having conversations with regulatory bodies to get it going. And given the current
environment, we'll have concurrent trials for the colorectal and then thoracic. There are a couple of more
indications beyond that. For competitive and other reasons, we're not yet ready to describe what those are
going to be for us. But SP's a platform, and we're excited by it. So as we get closer and those things get
closer to being filed as IDEs and trials, we'll describe them more fully.

Operator

And next, we're going to the line of Rick Wise.

Frederick Allen Wise
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I was hoping we could talk a little bit more, Gary, about Ion. We did a bunch of physician calls a month
or so ago and heard really fantastic feedback. The doctors were telling us about early signs of higher
diagnostic yield, success in complex cases, noticeable functional benefits and features. All that left me
optimistic about the PRECISE trial. So a couple of things.

Are you optimistic and hopeful about PRECISE? I think you said it would be wrapped up, I just want to
make sure I understand, by midyear. When might we see the data? All the docs are anxious to see the
data. And with some of the logistical issues resolved, could we -- should we expect an acceleration? Is it
reasonable to think about, anticipate acceleration in Ion uptake in the second half and into '22?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Sure. On the issue of the PRECISE trial, Phil, I'll turn to you in terms of timing?

Philip Kim

Sure. So we confirm that we would expect enrollment to end this quarter in Q2, and then you'd have final
data readout in the back half of next year, '22.

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

On the issue of -- you had said how are we feeling about it. I think we are reading and hearing what you
are reading and hearing also in terms of talking to our customer about the ability of Ion to deliver on its
promises. So to reach into lung to get to diagnostic yields that folks have not seen with other technologies
and to work in complex cases. So I'm feeling enthusiastic and bullish on it.

With regard to ramp, we are expecting Ion to continue to ramp through the year and into next year.
I don't see a step function change. I think it's a sequential ramp as we go. And that's because it's an
interesting and sophisticated technology. So a lot of what we're working on is making sure that we can get
the manufacturability where we need it. Getting supply, stability, quality and predictability where we need
it. Iterating our design for manufacturing and working on additional indications because it's a platform.
And we are doing all 4 of those things. But I don't think investors -- because of the way these things
work, should expect that you flip a switch and it just goes to the next level. I think that it will climb each
quarter and that's what we're working on. That meets our expectation and our experience in these kind of
platforms.

Operator

And next, we're going to the line of Richard Newitter.

Richard S. Newitter
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Just one on operating expense guidance. Thanks for the full year outlook. Just could you give us any sense
of the quarterly pacing? Or would it be safe to assume the 2019 cadence commentary for procedures
applies to OpEx too?

Jamie E. Samath
Senior VP of Finance & Principal Accounting Officer

Yes. I think you should see, sequentially, operating expenses generally increase across the rest of the
year. It's really going to be a function of the extent to which COVID continues to impact our ability to incur
travel, accelerate customer training and hold marketing events in person. But generally, I would expect it
to ratably increase across the balance of the year.

Richard S. Newitter
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Got it. And just same kind of topic here. On geographic investments and expansion that you started to get
more aggressive on pre-pandemic, especially in India. Just in light of what's been going on in that region
specifically with the COVID problem, should we be thinking that some of those initiatives postpones even
further out in '22 and beyond? Or are those things that could resume as early as this year?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I'm sorry, I had a little bit of a hard time hearing you with regard to the referenced trial. So go ahead
and reask the question, if you would.

Richard S. Newitter
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Sorry, my connection's off. But just India, should we think of reinvestment in that region starting now? Or
in light of COVID and the situation there, is something in 2022 and beyond, is that part of the spending in
geographic expansion you referred to?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So with regard to India, clearly, current -- the current situation there is such that current procedures
are impacted. That said, I think that the long-term commitment we have to market is intact. Our teams
are making really nice progress of building footprint and relationships to hospital systems. And so I expect

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

as COVID starts to become managed there a little bit more forcefully, that -- and it starts to recover, we'll
see a recovery on our side. It has not had us a retreat.

Other places around the world, whether it's Japan or China or Europe, we continue to be interested and
committed. So not just India, but others as well. And if you just asked your last question, then we'll go
from there. [ Rich ], any follow-ups?

Operator

Next, we go on to the line of Matt Taylor.

Matthew Charles Taylor
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I guess it was good to see that the strong return of capital spending, and you're talking about customers
looking forward to prepare for volumes and commitment to robotic surgery. Do you think that there was a
little bit of a bolus of kind of pent-up spending that came through in Q1? Or do you think this is the start
of a new pattern of purchasing based on your backlog and what you're seeing with your orders?

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

Matt, this is a subject of fearsome debate amongst us as a company. Marshall, why don't you share your
opinion.

Marshall L. Mohr
Executive VP & CFO

Well, I gave you a few different dynamics to consider as we go forward. It's always hard to project out
based on 1 quarter results. I guess we've had a couple of quarters that have been decent.

Is there -- was there -- I think part of your question was, is there pent-up spending? I would just say,
I don't know if it's pent-up spending, but I would say that clearly, the hospitals had more capital spend
than we had anticipated. And as a -- and what's really driving then their spending on da Vinci capital is
procedure growth. Procedure growth's the #1 thing that drives capital. But also the trade-in cycle and the
desire to access fourth generation product, including the extended use instruments we mentioned earlier.

And then finally, I think that you also have them getting ready for the post-pandemic environment. And
just a general recognition that da Vinci surgery meets their quadruple aim objectives better than other
approaches. So...

Gary S. Guthart
President, CEO & Director

All right. Well, thank you. Okay. Well, that was our last question.

In closing, we continue to believe there's a substantial and durable opportunity to fundamentally improve
surgery and acute interventions. Our teams continue to work closely with hospitals, physicians and care
teams in pursuit of what our customers have termed the quadruple aim: better, more predictable patient
outcomes, better experiences for patients, better experiences for their care teams, and ultimately, a lower
total cost of care. We believe value creation in surgery and acute care is foundationally human. It follows
from respect for and understanding of patients and care teams, their needs and their environment. Thank
you for your support on this extraordinary journey, and we look forward to talking with you again in 3
months.

Operator
And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T
conferencing service. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

