Iron Mountain Incorporated NYSE:IRM
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, August 05, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.35

0.38

Revenue  (mm)

1094.06

1119.76

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-05-2021 11:55 AM GMT

8.57

2.35

0.37

1.35

1.59

1115.56

4423.66

4546.08

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.25

0.31

0.25

0.35

0.31

0.29

0.32

0.38

24.00 %

(6.45 %)

28.00 %

8.57 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Barry A. Hytinen
Executive VP & CFO

Greer Aviv
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

William L. Meaney
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Eric Thomas Luebchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Michael J. Funk
BofA Securities, Research Division

Nathan Daniel Crossett
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG,
Research Division

Rob Simone

Sheila Kathleen McGrath
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Shlomo H. Rosenbaum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the Iron Mountain Second Quarter Conference -- 2021 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Greer Aviv, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations.
Please go ahead.

Greer Aviv
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Debbie. Good morning, and welcome to our Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.

On today's call, we will refer to materials available on our Investor Relations website. We are joined here
today by Bill Meaney, President and CEO; and Barry Hytinen, our EVP and CFO.

Today, we plan to share a number of key messages to help you better understand our performance,
including our Q2 outperformance, the increased momentum in the business, our updated outlook for 2021
financial guidance, the continued growth in our data center business, and the strong performance in our
growth areas. After prepared remarks, we'll open up the lines for Q&A.

Today's earnings materials contain forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our
expectations. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to
today's earnings materials, the safe harbor language on Slide 2 and our annual report on Form 10-K for a
discussion of the major risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-
looking statements.

In addition, we use several non-GAAP measures when presenting our financial results. We have included
the reconciliations to these measures in our supplemental financial information.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Bill.

William L. Meaney
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Greer, and thank you, all, for taking time to join us. I hope you and your families are safe and
well.

This morning, we reported record second quarter financial results with revenue of more than $1.1 billion
and EBITDA of $406 million. This strong performance in both Q2 and the first half of the year reflects the
breadth and depth of our products and solutions and the strength of our deep customer relationships.

Our second quarter results especially reflect increased demand for our services across our key markets
and is based upon these strong results and the increased momentum in the business that has caused us
to increase the midpoint of our financial guidance, as well has increased the expected bookings in our data
center business.

As we celebrate and honor Iron Mountain's 70th anniversary this month, I am extremely proud of what
our team has accomplished in growing our relationships with our large and diverse customer base in spite
of the continued challenges due to COVID. Our Mountaineers across the globe have conquered every
obstacle with tenacity in an innovative mindset, all with a focus on accelerating growth in services to assist
our customers.

Before we dive into our record results and the positive momentum in our business, I want to take a
moment to reflect on the current situation with the pandemic and new variants still wreaking havoc in
many parts of the world. In addition to operational complexities, we're also dealing with the realities of the
workplace and a world changed forever by the COVID-19 pandemic. In Iron Mountain, we're thinking how

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

we can move forward instead of getting back to normal, all whilst remaining diligent to ensure the physical
and mental health as well as the overall safety of our teams, their families and our customers.

As I mentioned earlier, this year, we celebrate 70 years of Iron Mountain. It's a legacy with a rich inspired
past, which continues inspiring the future. Since that day on 24 August 1951, we have built, evolved and
expanded our trusted relationship with our customers to include not just the leading storage platform
of physical assets but now includes a rapidly increasing range of business services. These new services
are centered around data center colocation, information security, data insights, IT asset disposition and
business process management.

And today, with this broadened portfolio of services and storage capabilities, we have become an
innovative and global leader in our field with more than 225,000 customers, including more than 95%
of the Fortune 1000, a global footprint of more than 1,450 facilities with a presence in 58 countries and
24,000 dedicated Mountaineers across the globe. And doing all this with -- in an energy sustainable way
with 100% of our data centers powered by renewable energy. Many of the things about us have changed
in 70 years. What hasn't changed is our core values and commitment to building and delivering on the
trust our customers have come to count on.

Over the last 2 quarters, we shared with you that we now have an expanded total addressable market,
or TAM, of more than $80 billion. And against that expanded TAM, we've identified the building blocks
for growth that will enable future growth and success. And in fact, you can already see evidence of
this expansion through our year-on-year digital service revenue growth, together with secure IT asset
disposition or ITAD. In this quarter versus a year ago, these business lines have grown over 37%,
resulting in $25 million of incremental growth.

I want to highlight a few examples which illustrate our progress in helping our customers through utilizing
new technologically-enabled approaches and products to not only protect, but unlock value from what
matters most to them. The first win I want to highlight is in Singapore with a multinational banking and
financial services corporation. We won a $750,000 annual recurring revenue digital mailroom contract over
their current service provider.

At first, the bank didn't believe that Iron Mountain could solve this need for them as they had only
known us to support their storage and scanning requirements. However, the account team pursued the
opportunity and highlighted Iron Mountain's strength utilizing a new technologically-based approach,
which allows us to assist in managing the very start of much of the information entering the bank while
securely facilitating a hybrid office and home working model. As we are already this customer's partner for
business process outsourcing and processing much of the bank's critical information, the mailroom is a key
additional service, which will yield further security and simplicity for the bank.

Turning to another area representing part of our expanded TAM, I want to touch briefly on Secure ITAD.
Think of this as an area where we apply our highly secure chain of custody with a service that allows our
customers to dispose securely in an environmentally responsible way their IT assets, which are at end
of life. We have continued to see good momentum in our Secure ITAD solution following a number of
big wins last quarter. We won a deal with one of the world's largest banks to recycle corporate laptops,
monitors, and outdated IT equipment across over 400 corporate offices, 4,000 conference rooms and
5,000 retail offices, which we expect to generate annual run rate revenues greater than $5 million. This
is a valuable offering given our expertise in chain of custody and compliance, helping customers securely
dispose of their IT equipment.

Turning to our data center business. We want to share not only our continued growth in top and bottom
line, but some recent exciting developments in the last month which has led us to increase our guidance
for expected 2021 leasing from 25 to 30 megawatts to over 30 megawatts, not including additional leasing
expected from the recent acquisitions in Frankfurt and India.

Our increased guidance around leasing activity is based upon the momentum we have seen in the
business in the first half of the year as well as the pipeline. Today, we announced not only the 3.6
megawatts of new leases we signed in the second quarter, but also a 6-megawatt lease with a new logo
to our platform that was signed post Q2 in Northern Virginia. Taken together, along with our strong results

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

in Q1, we have recorded a total of 19 megawatts of new and expansion leases in the first 7 months of the
year. This is a great launching off point for the remainder of the year, and we feel confident we will achieve
leasing activity above the top end of our original guidance.

Turning back to Q2, it should be noted, of the 3.6 megawatts we leased in the quarter, the majority was in
the retail and enterprise segments. This resulted in attractive pricing for the quarter which increased 14%
sequentially. Our strongest markets in terms of new and expansion leasing were Phoenix, Singapore and
Northern Virginia.

Finally, in terms of development you likely saw from our recent press releases, our data center business
is expanding rapidly in Europe. We have a new 27-megawatt greenfield build in London, adjacent to
our existing London-1 facility as well as the pending acquisition of a multi-tenant colocation data center
in Frankfurt. Taken together, this will increase our total potential capacity in Europe to more than 88
megawatts and will provide access to important interconnection markets for new and existing customers
looking for a reliable, flexible and secure data center location.

As always, sustainability continues to be a top priority. And as part of our commitments, we will power our
new buildings in London and Frankfurt with 100% renewable energy.

Before I hand the call over, I also wish to touch upon some new product areas which are leading to more
growth in our traditional storage areas. One of these newer product offerings is Clean Start, which is a
service that helps customers navigate today's changing workplace requirements from reconfiguring the
office for social distancing to office closures or moving to a more digital way of working.

Since its inception, the Clean Start product has generated over $19 million in revenue and has uncovered
1.1 million net new cube over a 3-year period. In 2020, we decided to expand Clean Start globally with all
regions engaged in growing the program. Since taking the business globally, we have seen an acceleration
in bookings. Specifically, in the first half of 2021, Clean Start has delivered $5 million of new revenue or
some 25% of the total revenue from this program since its inception 3 years ago.

A specific customer example in this quarter includes a $1.8 million deal with a leading global hotel chain
over the next 5 years. Due to challenges from the pandemic, the customer needed solutions to help with
compliance and storage of materials. This customer has been with Iron Mountain for years at an individual
hotel level and its corporate team saw the value in our scale, breadth of offerings, compliance expertise
in risk reduction solutions. This prompted their decision to deploy our services across 103 hotels, plus
an additional 15 one-off sites as required. We were able to manage much more than just their record
storage, also meeting the destruction needs and providing image on demand services, all of this being
done company-wide at a scale unmatched by any other provider.

Another example which showcases our innovative new products which drive record volume and services
growth is Smart Sort. Our customers want to reduce cost and risk by defensively destroying records as
they meet retention requirements, which is difficult to do if records are not stored by the destruction
eligibility date.

For example, many health care accounts store records by patient number or last date of visit and not by
retention requirement. With Smart Sort, we organize the records by destruction date so the customer
knows what they can destroy and when. Our team understood a pervasive customer problem, took a
customer-centric approach and proactively came up with a solution to solve it with Smart Sort.

Just in the last year, we've had 10 health care vertical wins for Smart Sort with our most recent win with
Johns Hopkins Medical Center. The agreement is a 5-year term which includes a $1.2 million Smart Sort
move project, bringing an additional 160,000 cubic feet of inventory, representing over 4 million individual
patient records.

Reflecting some of these successes, total global volume grew to a record 733 million cubic feet this
quarter. In spite of organic volume being down 10 basis points in the second quarter versus the first
quarter, total global organic volume was up 1.6 million cubic feet in the first half of the year, and we
continue to expect organic volume to be flat to slightly up for the full year. This expected organic volume,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

together with continued strong price increases, sets us up well for continued strength in organic storage
revenue growth from our physical business areas.

In closing, I want to say thank you to the 24,000 Mountaineers who've done an outstanding job navigating
through the pandemic. I'm extremely proud of their relentless dedication to each other and our customers.
With a resilient business model, ongoing market share growth and strategic investments to transform the
company, we are excited about the significant opportunities ahead of us, which continue to exceed even
our ambitious targets.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Barry.

Barry A. Hytinen
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Bill, and thank you for joining us.

The second quarter exceeded our expectations across each of our key financial metrics. Continuing the
trend we have seen over the last few quarters, revenue continued to strengthen with a strong recovery in
service revenue and activity levels. Our core physical storage business performed well, and we are seeing
great progress in our growth areas. Reflecting that progress and the outperformance in the first half, we
increased the midpoint of our financial guidance.

Turning to our results for the quarter. On a reported basis, revenue of $1.1 billion grew 14%. Total organic
revenue increased 10%. Organic service revenue increased $81 million or 26%, and was ahead of our
expectations. Our team drove strong growth in both our Global Digital Solutions business and Secure IT
Asset Disposition. Total organic storage rental revenue grew 2.5% with continued benefit from pricing,
together with positive trends in volume. Adjusted EBITDA was $406 million. We exceeded the projections
we shared on our last call as the team delivered better-than-expected Project Summit savings, together
with the revenue beat.

AFFO was $246 million or $0.85 on a per share basis. If you recall, last year's AFFO benefited from a $23
million tax refund. Adjusting for this, AFFO would have increased 8% year-over-year. As we mentioned on
our prior earnings call, AFFO also reflects an increase in recurring CapEx as we catch up on some projects
that were deferred during the pandemic. Our full year recurring CapEx guidance is unchanged.

Turning to segment performance. In the second quarter, our Global RIM business delivered revenue of
$993 million, an increase of $116 million from last year. On an organic basis, revenue increased 9.1%. The
team performed well with constant currency storage rental revenue growth of 1.9% or 1.6% on an organic
basis. Growth was driven primarily by pricing and volume. We added about 4.5 million cubic feet from our
acquisition in Indonesia, which closed during the quarter.

Our traditional services business continued to recover from the pandemic with revenue growing 24% year-
over-year and 4% from the first quarter. Our Global Digital Solutions business continued to display strong
momentum, growing 24% year-over-year.

Global RIM adjusted EBITDA was $430 million, an increase of $47 million year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA
margin declined 50 basis points year-over-year as a result of mix given the strong service revenue
growth. Sequentially, EBITDA margin increased 110 basis points due to Project Summit benefits and the
contribution from pricing.

Turning to our global data center business, where the team continues to perform exceptionally well.
We booked 3.6 megawatts in the quarter, and through the first half, we have booked 12.6 megawatts.
Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we signed a 6-megawatt lease in Northern Virginia. Based on the
year-to-date performance and the strength of our pipeline, we increased our full year leasing target to
more than 30 megawatts, which would represent a 23% increase in bookings.

In terms of revenue, as we projected, growth accelerated sharply to 15% year-over-year. We continue
to plan for full year revenue growth in the range of low double digits to approaching mid teens. The

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

combination of our strong prior year bookings and the team's leasing performance year-to-date provides
high visibility.

Adjusted EBITDA margin of 43.4% increased 60 basis points from the first quarter and was ahead of our
expectations. As compared to our prior outlook, the improvement was driven primarily by timing related
to the Frankfurt build-out we discussed last quarter, which has been modestly delayed. As a result, we
now expect more of the work associated with that project to occur in the second half, which will result in a
temporary impact on segment margins on the order of 3 points relative to the second quarter level.

Turning to Project Summit, this quarter, the team delivered $42 million of incremental year-on-year
adjusted EBITDA benefit. With the strength of the team's performance year-to-date, we now expect year-
on-year benefits from Summit to approach $160 million, with another $50 million of year-on-year benefit
in 2022.

Total capital expenditures were $136 million, of which $100 million was growth and $36 million was
recurring.

Turning to capital recycling. As we have said before, we view the market for industrial assets as highly
attractive as a means to supplement our growth capital. With that backdrop, in the second quarter, we
upsized our recycling program and generated approximately $203 million of proceeds. Year-to-date,
we have generated $215 million in proceeds compared to our previous guidance of $125 million. With
our strong data center development pipeline, we are now expecting to generate full year proceeds of
approximately $250 million.

Turning to the balance sheet. At quarter end, we had approximately $2.1 billion of liquidity. We ended the
quarter with net lease-adjusted leverage of 5.3x, slightly better than our projection and down from both
last year and last quarter. This marks our lowest leverage level since year-end 2017.

As we have said before, we are committed to our long-term leverage range of 4.5 to 5.5x. For 2021, we
expect to end the year within our target range and estimate we will exit the year at levels similar to the
second quarter.

With our strong financial position, our Board of Directors declared our quarterly dividend of $0.62 per
share to be paid in early October.

Turning to our outlook. Today, we are pleased to increase the midpoint of our 2021 financial guidance.
There are 3 factors driving the improved projections. First, operational performance in the second quarter
was better than expected, and we have good momentum in our key growth areas. Second, we have
identified additional benefits from Project Summit, primarily related to opportunities that our commercial
team has been able to uncover. And third, we have acquired a small records management business in
Morocco that will add about $5 million in revenue.

Conversely, as compared to our prior guidance, there are 2 headwinds I would call out. First, we divested
our Intellectual Property Management business in early June. Compared to our prior guidance, this
represents a reduction of approximately $20 million of revenue and $15 million of EBITDA. Second, since
May, the stronger U.S. dollar is more of a headwind by nearly $20 million for revenue and $7 million for
EBITDA.

For the full year 2021, we now expect revenue of $4.415 billion to $4.515 billion. We now expect adjusted
EBITDA to be in a range of $1.6 billion to $1.635 billion. At the midpoint, this guidance represents growth
of 8% and EBITDA growth of 10%. We now expect AFFO to be in the range of $970 million to $1.005
billion. And AFFO per share of $3.33 to $3.45. At the midpoint, this represents 11% and 10% growth,
respectively.

Our guidance assumes global organic physical volume will be flat to slightly positive versus last year. And
with continued benefit from pricing, we anticipate low single-digit growth in total organic storage revenue.
For services, we expect to maintain positive revenue growth through the remainder of the year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

With the ongoing pandemic, we believe it is helpful to share our short-term expectations. For the third
quarter, we expect revenue and EBITDA to both increase approximately $10 million sequentially from the
second quarter levels. We expect AFFO to be slightly in excess of $250 million in the third quarter.

In summary, our team is executing well. We have seen positive trends in the macro environment, and our
pipeline continues to build. The momentum we had entering the year has strengthened, our addressable
market continues to expand, and we feel confident in our ability to drive growth. We feel well positioned
and look forward to updating you on our progress during -- following the third quarter.
And with that, operator, please open the line for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Sheila McGrath with Evercore.

Sheila Kathleen McGrath
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

The services rebound was very strong in the quarter, and I understand that it's based on some new
products, which you called out. Just wondering if there's more leverage as people return to the office in
some of your services businesses that have been held back from the pandemic or people working from a
home, is there more leverage for those businesses to increase as people return to office?

William L. Meaney
President, CEO & Director

Sheila, thanks for the question. So first, I appreciate the call out. We're really pleased with the organic
service revenue approaching 26% in this quarter, which we thought was just a very strong result. And as
you pointed out, that was really driven by a lot of our new digital solutions, which was well north of 30%
growth if you take ITAD and digital services combined.

I think your question on the traditional service side is a good one because what we've seen actually is
an increase in the backlog of incoming cube, which quite frankly, we haven't been able to get at in some
countries because of continued rolling lockdowns or intermittent lockdowns. So we do expect, as some
of the lockdowns get eased, that on the traditional service lines, that we know that there's a backlog of
income in cube that we haven't been able to access the offices for. So I think there will be some in the
medium term in that area. How big, it's hard to judge right now.

Operator

The next question is from George Tong with Goldman Sachs.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

My question is on Project Summit. You mentioned that you're realizing additional benefits from Project
Summit that's causing you to raise your guidance. And you talked about expectations of $160 million
savings, with another $50 million next year. So how much of the upside in savings represent the pull-
forward from future periods? Or would you say this is like an increase in total savings from Project
Summit? And can you just sort of map out the entire time line of when you would expect to realize the full
amount of project savings over the next couple of years?

And maybe related to that, the Project Summit savings, how does your increased investment into growth
initiatives impact the flow-through of Project Summit savings in terms of margin expansion opportunity?

Barry A. Hytinen
Executive VP & CFO

Okay. George, it's Barry. Thanks for the questions. So we feel really good about the way the team is
progressing with respect to Project Summit. The full program, we anticipate generating $375 million of
benefit. You'll recall that last year, we generated about $165 million of benefit. And year-to-date, together
with last year -- so program to date, we're at about $257 million of benefit. We will end the year with all of
the run rate savings in the numbers. So we expect to be exiting the year at the full program benefit.

That leaves about $50 million of year-on-year benefit next year. And so you should be penciling something
about $70 million of incremental year-on-year benefit in the back half, probably split pretty equally this
year with that $50 million remaining. So we feel great about the way the program is progressing. The
team is executing well.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

You asked about investments. What you will see is we certainly did, as part of Summit, invest in certain
areas like our commercial organization, innovation, our global strategic accounts organization, and you
would see that in our SG&A expenses this year. If you look at our SG&A year-on-year, it's up -- excluding
stock compensation expense, it's up about $16 million. And actually, more than all of that is in the
commercial organization supporting growth.

And so we -- both in the form of increasing that organization as well as some variable costs that go
along with the great sales performance year-on-year like variable compensation expense. So you are
seeing those expenses in the numbers already, and we expect that you will continue to see very good
performance out of the team on Summit.

William L. Meaney
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And the only thing I would just add to it, Barry, I think Barry's last point is important is the $375
million is a net number. Obviously, we're making a lot of investments to transform the business, but the
$375 million is net of all the investments we're making.

Operator

The next question is from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.

Shlomo H. Rosenbaum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I just want to focus a little more on the services business. Obviously, that seems to be doing a lot better.
You have new products and things coming to market. And I was just wondering, is there some impact on
the margin from the mix of the newer products? It just seems like the gross margin was down sequentially
despite higher revenue. Is that kind of a ramp thing that's going on? Or maybe you could just give us a
little bit more color on how that's going through?

Barry A. Hytinen
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Shlomo, it's Barry. Thanks for the question. We feel really good about the way the team is
performing in our services organization. As you know, the revenue is up considerable amount both year-
on-year and sequentially. While the gross margin is a tick down, call it, 40 basis points, I'll note that, that
is driven by the fact that revenue in that line outstripped our projections.

As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, if you look at versus our projections last quarter, for the quarter,
we beat revenue by about $25 million, round numbers. The vast majority of that was in services. So we
certainly did to maintain customer service, and we did have some level of what I would consider like surge
expenses related to servicing that uptick in demand. And I think you should expect that, that will even out
as we move forward. The decline in gross margin is about $1 million. So it's not a tremendous amount. We
feel good about the margins we're generating off the new product offerings, to Bill's point on our Global
Digital Solutions and our Secure IT Asset Disposition, those are very nice margins.

The other thing I'll note is our -- if you work through the numbers in our services area on EBITDA, the
EBITDA margin in that business was actually up 100 basis points sequentially. And that was up 640 basis
points year-on-year. So we feel good about the way our services are performing. Thanks for the question.

Operator

The next question is from Nate Crossett with Berenberg.

Nathan Daniel Crossett
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

A couple of data center questions, if I may. There's over $6 million of leasing per megawatt that you did in
July, was that a single hyperscale lease, maybe you can give some detail on that?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

And then also, if you could talk about your outlook for pricing for the data center business, more
specifically on renewals and mark-to-market over the next few years? Because I think there's been some
cross currents in the space and your data center peers have said different things when it comes to that. So
I'm curious to hear what you're seeing in terms of the outlook for renewal pricing.

William L. Meaney
President, CEO & Director

Nate, I appreciate the question. So first, on the 6 megawatts, yes, we're really pleased to say it's a single
customer for our Northern Virginia campus, hyperscale, and it's a new logo to us. So on just a number
of fronts, it's just a great -- it's a great customer win. And as you can see, our -- we keep expanding
capacity in our Northern Virginia campus based on the pipeline that we see even beyond that. So really,
congratulations to the team.

I think in terms of the pricing, you noticed this month, we were up slightly. So we thought that was
actually a good trend. I think, generally, what we -- we're blessed being, in that sense, a relatively
newcomer to the data center space, so we don't have as many historical customers that were originally
sold in at higher than what today market prices are. So most of our customers, because we've been
growing very quickly over the last few years, are relatively new customers that are at what I would call
new and -- the new pricing level. So we don't have as much pressure as some of our older peers that have
had that.

With the exception, we've called out the last few quarters from time to time when we did acquisitions.
We knew we were acquiring some customers that had been with our acquired companies for a long time
and that those were rolling up. So generally, we feel pretty good where we are on pricing. You noticed
that this quarter, we were on the 3.6 megawatts. We were up quarter-on-quarter on pricing, and that was
really more about mix that we were highly focused on colocation or retail and enterprise customers, which
obviously come at higher pricing. So generally, we don't see a big change in the pricing on customers that
we've acquired or brought into facilities that we've acquired.

Operator

The next question is from Michael Funk with BofA.

Michael J. Funk
BofA Securities, Research Division

Just wanted to refocus on the RIM business for a moment. You made a comment seen as a backlog of
incoming cubes. I'd love to get more thoughts there on how that might impact volume moving forward.
But then also looking at the last quarter, would love any kind of commentary just on the volume trends
you're seeing, whether that's a gross additions for churn? And then how acquisitions also impacted the
volume in the quarter?

William L. Meaney
President, CEO & Director

Thanks for the question. I think that a couple of things I would say is that, first of all, if we look at on the
records management business, we see a very -- if you look at quarter-on-quarter over the last, say, 4 or
5 quarters, we see kind of pretty much the same kind of trends, it bumps up and down. So we don't see a
big change in terms of the net volume trends in that part of the business.

I do think that because of the shutdowns that I referred to earlier in a number of our countries, we have
seen a significant increase in backlog, waiting for people to be able to get back to office to allow us access
to bring that in. So that's positive.

But if you just look overall in terms of our total physical storage business, we're really pleased with how
that's coming out. Because if you look across the portfolio of our physical storage businesses, the first
year -- the first half of the year, we're up organically in terms of volume. We expect the second half of
the year in terms of our physical storage business to continue that trend. So overall, the year, we say flat

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

to slightly up. But as I said, we're up slightly in the first half, and we expect the second half to look the
same, and then we had the normal price increase on top.

So we feel really good in terms of where we're sitting on the general trends, and the trends within each of
those segments of our physical storage business seem to be relatively consistent. As I said, I think there
will be a short-term uptick once we can access some of the boxes that were -- that have been ordered for
us to pick up. But I think that's more to do with a one-off transition as we hopefully get out of COVID.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Rob Simone with Hedgeye Management.

Rob Simone

One of my questions is already answered. But your company obviously has a larger workforce than a
typical REIT. So I was wondering -- and you touched on some of the costs and how it's expected to even
out over the balance of the year. But I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about the ease or
the lack thereof that you guys are able to source new employees -- retained employees? And also to what
degree wages are moving up? And do you expect that to accelerate in the back half?

William L. Meaney
President, CEO & Director

I appreciate the question. So maybe what we'll do is I'll answer the first bit in terms of the acquisition of
employees because it's a really good point. And then I'll let Barry comment on the inflation that we see
across our business, not just on labor.

I will just say, inflation for us generally is our friend because we have such high -- 75% -- 70% to 75%
gross margin business, but obviously -- and we're able to price pretty aggressively against that. So it
generally creates a tailwind towards our margins.

On accessing talent, look, it is -- luckily, we're blessed with a very strong culture. So if you look at our
employees, and I'm referring mainly to our frontline employees who really are the heart and soul of the
company. These are the people that you see our trucks out on the road or people see our folks coming
into the facilities or these are the people to keep the lights on in our data centers. They are very long-
term employees. Culture is very strong. And we have very low churn. For a service company, we have
probably one of the lowest churns in the industry. So we're blessed that we don't have a lot of outflow of
employees.

That being said, the growth that we're seeing in a number of our service areas as well as our data center
means that we are actively going out there and acquiring talent. And I'll be honest with you, it's tough
sometimes, but our biggest reference are our current core employee growth. So we haven't seen a
situation where we haven't been able to grow with the demand, except for the backlog I mentioned
because we just can't access facilities.

And there has been some short-term blips that Barry called out in terms of -- we had to use some
expedited labor in a couple of cases so that we could meet the demand. But generally, we feel that our
culture has been our friend in terms of being able to acquire the necessary talent.

Barry A. Hytinen
Executive VP & CFO

Rob, it's Barry. Thanks for the recent pickup of coverage. We appreciate that. On your question as it
relates to inflation, I'll say that at the beginning of the year, I would say we were quite prudent with
respect to our guidance on inflation. Obviously, that's a topic that's very much in the popular culture right
now.

We -- one of the reasons we can be confident in our guidance and increase the midpoint today is that what
we are seeing is not out outside the realm of what we baked into our original guidance. And if you look
at our cost of service labor, for example, you actually see that we're generating productivity there, both

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

sequentially and year-on-year. And so we feel good about where we are and appreciate the interest. Thank
you.

Operator

The next question is from Eric Luebchow with Wells Fargo.

Eric Thomas Luebchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Wondering on the capital recycling front. So you guided to $250 million this year, and it seems like cap
rates continue to be pretty attractive in the kind of low 4% range. So if I recall, I think you have just north
of $2 billion of industrial real estate in your portfolio. How much of that over time do you think you can
potentially sell? And given the attractive valuation environment, I mean, do you think you can do even
more in the near term than you had previously guided?

Barry A. Hytinen
Executive VP & CFO

Eric, it's Barry. Thank you for the question. We certainly continue to view the market for capital recycling
on industrial assets as quite favorable. That's one of the reasons why we did complete the transactions
that I spoke about in the prepared remarks. We have doubled the level of recycling for this year that we
had in the original guidance. You'll recall, it was originally $125 million, and I've just increased it to $250
million.

Most of that is already done, I might add, so you can put that in the model. I think from a standpoint
of going forward, you are thinking about it the right way. We've got a large portfolio, and we see the
opportunity to opportunistically continue to recycle a relatively small amount.

Without giving forward guidance, we've historically said use something in the order of $100 million a
year, maybe even $125 million a year as a planning posture. Obviously, our recycling efforts are back in
circumstances driven, both based on what's out there in terms of cap rates as well as what we need from
a development pipeline.

I will say that one of the benefits of our business is in light of the growth in EBITDA and the cash
generation of our core business, which is just tremendous. We see the opportunity to continue to fund
our development, both from internal growth of EBITDA and cash generation as well as the sort of modest
recycling. So that's the way I would think about it, and I appreciate your interest.

Operator

Next, we have a follow-up question from Shlomo Rosenbaum.

Shlomo H. Rosenbaum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Want just a question in understanding the volume -- physical volume trends in the aggregate. There's just
over $5 million of volume from business acquisitions in the quarter. And I was trying to -- does it -- is that
all in the RIM business? And if I kind of assume that, it looks like the RIM sequentially went down by 2.8
billion -- $2.8 million.

And I'm just trying to understand, the last quarter, we kind of leveled out a little bit. It seemed to come
down a little bit more this quarter, and I'm just trying to get a sense of is there a stabilizing trend, a
continued trend with a little bumps here and there and just basically trying to understand that? And with
the understanding that the other businesses seem to be outgrowing it in terms of the adjacent business in
concern of other, but I'm just trying to get a sense of that RIM side.

Barry A. Hytinen
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Shlomo, it's Barry. Thanks for the question. Let me clarify that. Of the $5 million, about $4.5 million is in
the core. That's from the small deal we did in Asia, which is about $4.5 million a cube. The rest is in the
adjacent business category. And so when you work that through the model, you should find that the core
was down just about 30 basis points, which to your point is and in Bill's earlier comments, very consistent
with what we've been seeing, even a little bit better than where we were, let's say, 1 year, 1.5 years ago
in terms of sequential performance.

We continue to feel good about our core business and expect it, as we guided earlier, to be flat to slightly
down on an organic basis for the full year. And in light of the dynamics that Bill mentioned in terms of the
backlog for incoming cube and likely for the pandemic to continue to ease over time, we expect that, that
performance will continue to bump along and maybe even slightly improve. So we feel really good about
where we are there.

Operator
This concludes our question-and-answer session and the Iron Mountain Second Quarter 2021 Earnings
Conference Call. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

