Iron Mountain Incorporated NYSE:IRM
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 06, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.25

0.32

Revenue  (mm)

1066.54

1082.04

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-20-2021 12:36 PM GMT

28.00

1.45

0.30

1.41

1.51

1073.97

4357.67

4535.69

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.15

0.25

0.31

0.25

0.22

0.31

0.29

0.32

46.67 %

24.00 %

(6.45 %)

28.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Barry A. Hytinen
Executive VP & CFO

Greer Aviv
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

William L. Meaney
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Nathan Daniel Crossett
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG,
Research Division

Sheila Kathleen McGrath
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Shlomo H. Rosenbaum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Unknown Analyst

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the Iron Mountain earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] Please
note this event is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Greer Aviv, SVP, investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Greer Aviv
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Irene. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter 2021 earnings conference call. On
today's call, we will refer to materials available on our Investor Relations website. We are joined here
today by Bill Meaney, President and CEO; and Barry Hytinen, our EVP and CFO.

Today, we plan to share a number of key messages to help you better understand our performance,
including our strong start to 2021 despite the ongoing impact of the pandemic, the continued execution of
our strategic plan, solid progress in our key growth areas, continued expansion of our global data center
platform and our strong commitment to corporate social responsibility, including diversity, equity and
inclusion. After prepared remarks, we'll open up the lines for Q&A.

Today's earnings materials will contain forward-looking statements, including statements regarding
our expectations. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to
today's earnings materials, the safe harbor language on Slide 2 and our annual report on Form 10-K for a
discussion of the major risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-
looking statements.

In addition, we use several non-GAAP measures when presenting our financial results. We have included
the reconciliations to these measures in our supplemental financial information. With that, I'll turn the call
over to Bill.

William L. Meaney
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Greer, and thank you all for taking time to join us. I hope you and your families are safe
and well. We are pleased to have delivered a strong start to the year with both revenue and profitability
coming in ahead of our expectations for the first quarter despite the ongoing challenges of the pandemic
and continued lockdowns in many parts of the world.

Some of the key accomplishments of the quarter include: we achieved a record level of quarterly revenue;
pricing continues to yield strong results as highlighted by our organic storage rental revenue growth
of 1.7% year-on-year; total organic volume grew some 2 million cubic feet versus last quarter, and we
continue to forecast the overall volume growth to be flat to slightly positive for the year; we saw a strong
performance from our growth areas, for example, digital solutions has shown year-over-year organic
growth of 11%, while secure IT asset disposition, or SITAD, has shown 30% growth; we are in line with
delivering over $50 million of revenue growth from these 2 dynamic areas this year; our global data
center team leased 9 megawatts in Q1 versus our guidance of between 25 and 30 megawatts for the full
year; we continue to grow our footprint, acquiring a new land parcel adjacent to our campus in Northern
Virginia, which will increase our total potential capacity in that key market to 145 megawatts and bringing
our total potential data center capacity globally to 445 megawatts; finally, adjusted EBITDA grew 2%
year-over-year on a constant currency basis and our margin expanded 100 basis points.

It should be noted that Q1 this year is even more impressive given that we are comparing it to a year
ago where COVID, for the most part, was affecting very few of our customers. Whilst the impact from
COVID during this quarter continues with many of the 56 countries we operate in to be in various stages
of lockdown, we are proud of the consistency and stability of our core business and we continue to deliver

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

on our strategic plan. This reflects the diversity and scale of our portfolio, the depth and breadth of our
service offerings and the efficiencies that have been created through Project Summit.

To further underline the point, our sales productivity remains strong and our mountaineers persevere
resulting in Q1 overall revenue slightly ahead of last year, whilst our traditional service revenue, which
is most closely tied with being in the office, was off 7%. We continue to expect to see very modest
improvements in core service revenue as we progress through the year, and we are not factoring in a full
COVID recovery for the traditional side of the business before Q4 and perhaps for some parts of the world,
even Q1 next year.

In the meantime, we can see in our results and our improved guidance, our growth from new product
areas will continue to deliver overall growth in our business in spite of the COVID impacts elsewhere.
We remain committed to taking purposeful and bold steps to transform our entire organization, both
operationally and culturally. We remained true to our plans to accelerate growth and continue our digital
transformation journey, which for us includes both an internal focus as well as expanded product offerings
for our customers.

We are confident that our continued delivery of overall revenue growth, together with the expansion of
margins due to Project Summit, will enable us to continue our acceleration in cash generation, which will
allow us to continue to invest in our future, whilst returning more and more cash to our investors.

Project Summit is well on track to deliver $375 million of annual run rate adjusted EBITDA benefits exiting
this year, even after investing in new growth areas. In addition to adding $375 million to our EBITDA
through margin improvement, Project Summit will continue to enable us to invest in the growth areas we
identified and discussed last quarter, further accelerating our growth in revenue as well as profits.

Some of these areas, you will recall, include digital solutions, consumer storage, data center and SITAD.
Examples to illustrate the impact of our focus on revenue growth can be seen from recent wins in digital
services and SITAD. One recent win in digital services was with a global insurance company, which was
managing its exposure from a large and complicated liability claim.

This customer desired end state was to streamline underwriting and claims management processes by
providing digital accessibility to records to quickly identify risk exposure, reduce processing times, improve
SLAs, ensure chain of custody and gain scalability for large discovery audits.

Our unique solution was to integrate 440,000 of their physical boxes with their digital information to
provide a single view to search across and identify relevant and required information on demand. By
leveraging our InSight platform, we were able to immediately improve their legal discovery efforts and
automate their claims processes.

Another recent win was with the Government of Canada to leverage our Image on Demand, or IoD,
solution to process applications for immigration, refugee or citizenship status. The government
experienced a backlog during COVID as staff could not access offices and applications kept piling up.
This digital solution enabled the government staff to work through the backlog. We are currently imaging
more than 4,000 applications on a weekly basis, which are then digitally delivered for processing by the
Government of Canada's employees.

Switching to SITAD. This quarter, we have secured contracts with 4 large global clients to provide services
across the globe. These engagements cover everything from enterprise infrastructure such as servers,
routers, switches, printers, copiers to small personal devices and specialized equipment such as card
readers. Our solutions in SITAD are the only ones in the market built around a secure chain of custody
where assets attract at every stage of their journey and our customers' data is kept secure.

Also, our disposition process is built with sustainability in mind. We are a leader in thinking and acting for
the environment. Demand for these services is particularly strong as companies look to consolidate and
transform their physical footprint to move to new hybrid collaboration models post-COVID, and we expect
to partner with many more of our enterprise and global clients throughout 2021 and beyond.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Now let me switch gears and spend some time discussing our ESG commitments, including the
sustainability of our products, services and operations as well as our efforts focused on diversity, equity
and inclusion.

Our eighth annual corporate social responsibility report will be published later today. In that report, we
share sustainability goals as part of our ESG commitments to reduce our environmental impact. Whilst
we have been extremely successful in achieving targets that were previously set, including exceeding
our science-based targets to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 6 years ahead of schedule. We have --
we are introducing even stronger commitments to our planet, our customers, our employees and our
communities.

Some highlights include: we are committed to achieving carbon net-zero by 2040, 10 years ahead of the
Paris climate accord. We are proud to be ranked #81 on Newsweek's list of America's most responsible
companies in 2021. By 2025, we are committed to building all of our newly constructed multi-tenant data
centers to be certified to the BREEAM Green Building Standard.

In addition to contracting for renewable energy equivalent to 100% of our data center electricity load
worldwide and passing through the carbon reduction benefits to our customers who availed themselves of
our Green Power Pass, we have announced our first electricity supply contract that matches our load 24/7
with local renewable generation for our facilities in New Jersey and Pennsylvania.

Additionally, we shared with you our REIT commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion, not just because
it is just, but also because it is key to our strategic success in being a more creative and dynamic
organization, which can deliver more value in tune with our customer needs.

For example, by 2025, we have committed to increasing representation of women in our global leadership
team to 40% from 31% today, and people who identify as BIPOC in our U.S. leadership team to 30% from
19%. Thanks to the true commitment of my fellow mountaineers across the globe and with the guidance
and engagement of our employee resource groups, we have made significant process on our journey, but
have a lot more to do.

To further us on our journey, I'm pleased to announce that we have recently recruited Charlene Jackson
as our Global Chief Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Officer. Charlene brings a strong set of experience and
skills as we continue building our global enterprise into an organization which is both diverse and inclusive.

Finally, before handing the call over to Barry, I would like to provide a bit more information on the data
center performance. As I mentioned earlier, our global data center team is off to a strong start, leasing
more than 9 megawatts in the first quarter. As you likely saw, this included 6 megawatts with an existing
U.S.-based Fortune 100 technology company.

We also signed a 1-megawatt lease in Singapore with a leading e-commerce and gaming company. The
remainder of the leasing for the quarter was co-location, and we continue to build our pipeline for both
hyperscale and retail deployment.

Subsequent to the end of the first quarter, we closed on our joint venture with Web Werks and have
already seen great growth prospects from that partnership. Web Werks recently announced that they have
acquired a land parcel to build a stand-alone purpose-built greenfield data center in Mumbai.

This new data center will be designed to support 12.5 megawatts of IT capacity with a rich interconnected
ecosystem consisting of major telcos, over 150 Internet service providers and 3 major Internet exchanges.
The new facility, expected to be operational by mid-2022, abuts Web Werks existing data center in
Mumbai, which would result in a campus with 15 megawatts of total capacity.

We also continue to grow our platform organically with the recent purchase of a land parcel adjacent to
our existing Northern Virginia campus. This parcel is expected to support 32 megawatts of IT capacity
at full build-out. In addition, we redesigned our Manassas campus master plan and can now support 30
megawatts of IT load at VA2 compared to 24 megawatts previously, as well as an additional 35 megawatts
of capacity at the campus.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

With these design and scope changes, our NoVa campus capacity has increased more than 90% to 145
megawatts, with 16 megawatts built and 72% of that leased.

Our total data center potential capacity globally now is 445 megawatts and/or an increase of more than
18%, giving us a long runway for future development and growth.

In closing, let me say thank you to our mountaineers and their families for their continued support and
dedication in what has been a difficult and heart-wrenching year for many. We and our customers count on
our essential workers every day, and I personally always come back inspired after meeting with many of
our teams around the globe.

Our results demonstrate accelerating earnings growth, the resiliency of our business, revenue growth in
new areas and the benefits of our culture. Our culture supports customer first with an innovative mindset.
With that inner DNA, we will continue to climb higher together with our customers.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Barry.

Barry A. Hytinen
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Bill, and thank you for joining us. In the first quarter, our team delivered solid performance that
exceeded the expectations across each of our key financial metrics. Building on the improved performance
we delivered in the second half of 2020, revenue trends continued to strengthen in the first quarter.

Our core physical storage business is demonstrating its resilience and momentum is building in our growth
areas. We are confident in our projections and are pleased to raise our full year financial guidance.

Turning to our results for the quarter. On a reported basis, revenue of $1.1 billion grew 1.2%. Total
organic revenue declined 60 basis points. Organic service revenue declined 4.8%, a marked improvement
from prior quarters, representing our best performance since the first quarter of 2020.

While our service activity is still experiencing an impact from COVID, March was the first month since
February 2020 with positive organic service revenue growth. Our team continues to drive improving
trends with growth in our global digital solutions business and revenue management notable callouts.
Total organic storage rental revenue grew 1.7% with continued benefit from pricing combined with a slight
increase in volume.

Adjusted EBITDA was $381 million. We exceeded the projections we shared on our last call as the team
delivered stronger margin flow-through together with the revenue beat. First quarter EBITDA reflects
progress on our Summit transformation and revenue management, offset by COVID-driven impacts to the
business. AFFO was $235 million or $0.81 on a per share basis. As we mentioned on our prior earnings
call, AFFO reflects an increase in recurring CapEx as we catch up on some projects that were deferred
during the pandemic. Our full year recurring CapEx guidance is unchanged.

Turning to segment performance. In the first quarter, our global RIM business delivered revenue of $967
million, an increase of $11 million from last year. On an organic basis, revenue declined 80 basis points.
The team performed well with constant currency storage rental revenue growth of 1.7% or 1.6% on an
organic basis. Growth was driven by pricing and volume.

While our traditional services have been impacted by the pandemic, trends continued to improve during
the first quarter. We are focused on expanding our global digital solutions business. And in the first
quarter, we experienced strong growth, building on the commercial successes we delivered in 2020.
We are pleased with the continued performance in our consumer storage business. Even with normal
seasonality, the business contributed nicely to our overall physical volume.

Global RIM adjusted EBITDA was $409 million, an increase of $17 million year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA
margin expanded 120 basis points, driven by pricing and Project Summit.

Taking a look at headline numbers for our global data center business, we had another strong quarter of
bookings with 9 megawatts. We are well on track to deliver our full year target of 25 to 30 megawatts.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Total revenue grew 6% year-over-year, in line with our projections. As I mentioned on our prior call, we
expect revenue growth in the data center business will be more back half weighted as the bulk of our 2020
bookings commenced in the second quarter and beyond.

We continue to project full year revenue growth in the range of low double digits to approaching mid-
teens. With our strong prior year bookings, we have good visibility. In the second quarter, we anticipate
an increase in both revenue and adjusted EBITDA compared to the first quarter. In terms of margin, we
expect the second quarter to be down 2 to 3 points sequentially as a result of COVID-driven construction
delays and onetime build-out services for a specific customer. We expect margins to remain at that level in
the third quarter before recovering in the fourth quarter.

In late April, we formed a joint venture with Web Werks, a leading co-location data center provider
in India. We made an initial investment of approximately $50 million in exchange for a noncontrolling
interest. As we have previously disclosed, we expect to invest an additional $100 million over the next 2
years, which we expect will result in a majority ownership position.

Turning to Project Summit. This quarter, the team delivered $50 million of incremental year-on-year
adjusted EBITDA benefit. As a reminder, we expect Summit to contribute $150 million of year-on-year
benefit in 2021 with another $60 million of year-on-year benefit in 2022. Total capital expenditures were
$113 million with an investment of $85 million of growth CapEx, along with $29 million of recurring CapEx.

Turning to capital recycling. In the first quarter, our program generated approximately $12 million of
proceeds. With the highly favorable market backdrop and our strong data center development pipeline, we
remain committed to recycling approximately $125 million of industrial assets for the full year.

Turning to the balance sheet. At quarter end, we had approximately $1.8 billion of liquidity. We ended the
quarter with net lease adjusted leverage of just under 5.5x, slightly better than our projection and down
from last year. As we have said before, we are committed to our long-term leverage range of 4.5 to 5.5x.

For 2021, we continue to expect to end the year within our target range near the high end, which will be
modestly down from year-end 2020 on a pro forma basis. With our strong financial position, our Board
of Directors declared our quarterly dividend of $0.62 per share to be paid in early July. As we have said
before, we are fully committed to our dividend at this sustainable level. Our long-term target for payout
ratio is low to mid-60s as a percentage of AFFO.

Turning to our outlook. Today, we are pleased to increase our 2021 financial guidance. There are 2 factors
driving the improved projections. Our outlook for the business continues to improve with first quarter
performance better than expected and increased confidence in our key growth drivers and the underlying
business trends.

Second, we've also factored in the benefit from 2 small recently closed acquisitions as well as the Web
Werks investment. And I would note that we have been able to increase our guidance despite the ongoing
impact of COVID on our traditional services business and construction delays in Frankfurt.

For the full year 2021, we now expect revenue of $4.365 billion to $4.515 billion. We now expect adjusted
EBITDA to be in a range of $1.585 billion to $1.635 billion. At the midpoint, this guidance represents
growth of -- revenue growth of 7% and EBITDA growth of 9%. We now expect AFFO to be in the range of
$955 million to $1.005 billion and AFFO per share of $3.28 to $3.45. At the midpoint, this represents 10%
growth for both metrics.

Our guidance assumes global organic physical volume will be flat to slightly positive versus last year. Our
revenue management program will provide a significant benefit in 2021, and I will note that nearly all of
the actions driving that benefit were in place by the end of the first quarter.

For services, we are prudently assuming some measure of continued COVID impact, albeit the first quarter
was another good proof point for the momentum building in our digital solutions business. While we do not
typically guide quarterly with the pandemic, we felt it would be helpful to share our expectations for the
second quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

We expect revenue to approach $1.1 billion and adjusted EBITDA to approach $400 million. We are
confident in our outlook and the strength of our pipeline. We expect to grow revenue sequentially
throughout the year.

In summary, the year is off to a good start. I am confident in the team's ability to continue to build on our
momentum, we feel well positioned.
And with that, operator, please open the line for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is from George Tong of Goldman Sachs.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Last quarter, you made a push into various growth markets. At this point, can you summarize how big
your growth portfolio is? And how your growth expectations for this growth portfolio have evolved over the
past quarter since doubling down into these various growth verticals? And perhaps how much funding you
would need to put into your initiatives in order to accelerate the growth in these growth markets?

William L. Meaney
President, CEO & Director

George, thanks for the question. So taking back, as you referred to the last meeting, over the last 5
years, we've been developing a number of new products and market approaches that really have taken us
from a total addressable market, where our products and services range up from $10 billion to over $80
billion. So the things that we've been doubling down are consistent with that road map and picture that we
highlighted last year.

And that $80 billion, I should highlight, is also growing kind of low teens in terms of our organic growth
rate. So if you think about -- I highlighted SITAD, for instance, and digital services today. I mean, I
wouldn't say that we've just been doubling down on them in the last quarter, this has been a continuous
build with, I would say, acceleration as part of Project Summit.

And part of Project Summit, you're seeing the $375 million net EBITDA improvement that we're delivering
and committing to, this is net of the investments that takes us -- that's required to actually invest in our
digital services, SITAD, our continued investment in data center, further acceleration in consumer, for
instance.

So the investment is already in there. The $375 million is a net number that's coming out. And I think you
can expect, as we said today, is that we just look at SITAD and digital services, this year alone, that will
add roughly $50 million of revenue on a year-over-year basis. So we feel pretty good.

Obviously, we just highlighted those 2 today, but across the board, and you can see it also in data center
with 9 megawatts leased in this quarter, so we feel pretty good about now aiming towards an $80 billion
market in terms of revenue growth, and that was part of Barry upsizing the revenue guidance for the full
year.

Operator

Our next question is from Erik [indiscernible] of Wells Fargo.

Unknown Analyst

Just one on the guidance. I'm just wondering if you could parse out the guidance increase? What's coming
from really operational out-performance versus perhaps some slightly more favorable foreign exchange
rates that you experienced in the quarter versus last year?

And then another question on the data center side. Just wondering, as you look at future growth areas,
are there potentially any new markets either domestically or internationally that could make sense for Iron
Mountain to enter either via M&A or through a new greenfield development? Or do you think you -- you're
just going to continue to develop in the markets that you have today?

Barry A. Hytinen
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Eric, it's Barry. Maybe I'll take the first one, and I'll let Bill take the second one. I appreciate the question.
As compared to our prior guidance, the increase of $40 million of revenue and $10 million of EBITDA is
really driven by 2 factors, as I mentioned on the call: first, it's our outlook on the business, which just
continues to improve, the first quarter performance, I think, is a testament of that. The team did a very
well -- executed very well in the first quarter, and we're continuing to increase our confidence in our
growth drivers and the underlying business trends. That's about $20 million of revenue in the guide up
and probably 7, round number $7 million of the EBITDA.

The second point is we factored in the benefit from 2 recently closed acquisitions as well as the Web Werks
investment. That's about, combined, $20 million of revenue in the year. Note that we acquired those in
the second quarter. And then about, call it, $3 million of EBITDA. I'll remind people that the Web Werks
acquisition is not consolidated, so there's no revenue that comes along with that in our financials.

I would also just note that there's no change in our assumption as it relates to foreign exchange rates.
So the rates that we're using and the impact of that on our growth that we had in our prior guidance is
unchanged in the current guidance. So it's the underlying business performance, together with a couple of
small deals.

William L. Meaney
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And the only thing I would add, Eric, in terms of other areas of growth for our data centers. So I
appreciate the question is, let me kind of parse it out into theaters or parts of the world. So if we look at
domestic, as you know, that we have a land bank in Chicago, we continue to like the Chicago market.

So it's just a matter of where our priorities are on capital allocation. So I think you can expect, at some
point, Chicago will be on the map. Also we continue to like the potential opportunities to re-purpose some
of our electricity meters, if you will, in California, where we can actually buy wholesale power, which gives
us an advantage in terms of power costs by taking a records management facility and re-purposing that
into a data center. So California continues to be an area that we remain focused on as potential market for
further development.

On Europe, as we highlighted a few calls ago that we started building Frankfurt and then sold the thing
out 100% over 27 megawatts, so Frankfurt is a market that we continue to look at further expansion to
because it's a key market serving Continental Europe. London, too, as we noted, is in full development,
but that's also looking to be pretty buoyant, so we'll continue to look at if we need more capacity in
London.

And then the last aspect, I would say, in London is we have had a few of our customers approach us on
looking at edge deployments and where we were considering actually re-purposing some of our industrial
real estate footprint into data centers. So if you think about -- we have a land bank for our data center
business, which takes us up to 445 megawatts.

But that's not including the 80 million square feet of industrial warehouses that we have around the world.
A number of those are suitable to be re-purposed into data centers. So we continue to look at that mainly
for, as I say, edge kind of deployment, which can be anywhere from, let's say, from 2 to 6 megawatts.

On the Asia front, as Barry highlighted, and I mentioned in my remarks, we're super excited about the
joint venture that we have with Web Werks. India, we think, has a lot of potential, and we're already
seeing pent-up demand. Partly, it's regulatory driven and partly it's just the growth of the economy.

So I think there's a lot more for us to do in India. As you would have noted, is that we're now 100% sold
out in Singapore. So we're working through the permitting process on finding additional capacity in that
market. And there are other areas in Southeast Asia, which I think are early days that we're looking at
countries that would be interesting to expansion.

And I would put Latin America in the same category is that there are a number of areas in Latin America
that we're starting to look at, but we're at earlier stages for those areas.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Operator

Our next question is from Sheila McGrath of Evercore ISI.

Sheila Kathleen McGrath
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Bill, the short interest in the stock is down, but it still looks elevated to REITs. Certainly, not something
you can control, but I was just -- the concern has always been in storage volume given paper trends. Can
you just give us your updated insights on how Iron Mountain is still growing storage volume total revenue?
And effectively shifting to adapt your business to these changing trends?

William L. Meaney
President, CEO & Director

Sheila, and thanks for the question. Yes, I think also as people really start understanding the durability of
our business and also the ability for us to continue to grow organically, cash generation through top line
growth, I think people are starting to realize that they're probably overplaying the paper storage aspect of
the story.

So to your point is that you saw the records volume was slightly improved from Q4 into Q1. Overall, we
reiterate our commitment that we expect physical storage in the business to be flat to up for the full year,
again, on an organic basis. And then you add 3 points of price to it. So -- and given the relatively slow
growth of that business, there's not a lot of CapEx is going into it.

So we feel really good because this is just effectively generating tons of cash that we're able to plow over
to invest behind some of those growth initiatives that are targeted at the $80 billion total addressable
market that I mentioned before as well as data center, which we've been increasing our capital allocation
to over the last few years.

So I think over time, I mean people are going to really understand that the physical volume, physical
storage business is alive and well, and we're getting good price increase on top of that. And of course, as
you alluded to, some of the other new physical storage areas like consumer continue to deliver dividends.

And then on the other aspect is the revenue growth is starting to pick up from the investments we've
made over the last 5 years into new business areas, I think, is starting to come through.

Operator

Our next question is from Shlomo Rosenbaum of Stifel.

Shlomo H. Rosenbaum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I kind of want to piggyback on the last one. Just in terms of the organic storage rental, on the one hand,
the guidance is going up. You guys did better. The organic storage rental growth range embedded in the
guidance though didn't change. And I'm not sure if that was just kind of it's a rounding item or the growth
is really coming outside of that.

And I guess related to that, is the sequential change in the physical records volume was the slowest
decline I've seen on a while. And I was wondering if you could point to what's going on over there, is there
a more of an influx of boxes, less of the -- an issue with destructions, just you used to give more detail on
a slide that's not in there anymore. Maybe you could talk to these items.

William L. Meaney
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Shlomo. I'll talk about the physical volume side, and then Barry can give you our thinking
around the guidance around storage. So I think on the physical volume, as you've been watching the story
for a very long time. I mean, first of all, that the record storage is just 1 aspect of our physical storage
business, right?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

And at the end of the day, it comes down to occupancy and our ability to drive cash returns for that
business. So we feel that -- I wouldn't say a large diversification, but a purposeful diversification of our
physical storage business. I think -- and you can even see that in our data is showing the robustness and
continuity of that business, which we feel really good about.

Specifically, to your question on the sequential Q4 to Q1 improvement in the records management side
of the business, we were really pleased with it. That's why it continues to give our confidence that overall
physical storage will be flattish to slightly up for the year.

And part of that improvement, which you can say during a COVID time frame is kind of interesting, is
really, I give a lot of credit to our global strategic accounts organization, which we set up, I guess, about
12 to 18 months ago is their degree of mining and broadening the conversation with our customers is
showing real results, not just in the new areas that I highlighted in my opening remarks around digital
services and SITAD, which we've had, obviously, really nice growth in that area.

But they actually -- as part of a broader conversation they're having with our customers, which, quite
frankly, has delivered more box to our facilities as well. So we feel pretty good across the board. We feel
good about the different conversation we're having with our customers due to some of the investments
we've made in our commercial operations. But Barry, you might want to talk about the...

Barry A. Hytinen
Executive VP & CFO

Shlomo, it's Barry. Thanks for the question. And I will say that there's an element of rounding and
candidly, an element of conservatism. Certainly, the year has started off well and is trending a little bit
better than our expectations, as I mentioned in the setup.

I will note that, that -- those percentages are organic. So while we have a couple of small deals, that is
a purely organic number. The growth is coming in quite balanced. So we're seeing improving trends on
storage and service. So thank you for the question.

Operator

Our next question is from Nate Crossett of Berenberg.

Nathan Daniel Crossett
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

Two quick ones, if I may. First, inflation, how should we think about expense growth for the year? What
are you guys seeing in terms of labor costs, input costs? And then two, just your current view on funding
the growth areas of the business right now? In the past, you've used JV, sale-leaseback. [indiscernible]
clearly has gone up a lot this year. Is equity [indiscernible] using ATM now at a level that you would
consider using?

Barry A. Hytinen
Executive VP & CFO

Nate, it's Barry. Thanks for the question. So we certainly did, as I mentioned in the last call, include some
level of what I would say is kind of normal inflation, the levels that were being talked about at the time.
We don't see anything that is outside of our expectations that were embedded in the original guidance,
and that's the part of the reason why we were able to continue to raise the guidance for the beat that we
saw in the first quarter.

I'll note that with our structure and our relatively high margins on both storage and service, it does result
in with inflation, the opportunity to price that much more incremental profitability for us. As you know,
we kind of price comparing to other logistics companies. So in some respect, it helps a little bit with our
revenue management program.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

In terms of funding growth, a couple of thoughts. One, obviously, we're continuing to expand EBITDA,
thanks to Summit and the team's underlying performance. We will be doing a level of capital recycling this
year, call it $125 million is what's embedded in the guidance.

I'll note that the market there is very favorable, and we continue to like cap rates. And so those would be
the principal things I'd mention. And in terms of where the yield is and where the stock is, we feel very
good about our ability to fund our operations within our framework. And so we'll be funding from things
like recycling and the growth in EBITDA.

Operator

Our next question is from Jon Atkin of RBC.

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

So I guess a commercial question and then more of an M&A question. I was wondering, as you think about
your leasing objectives, where you see the greatest potential in your supplemental, there's obviously a
very good layout of your pre-stabilized portfolio, the expansion pool and new development, I can imagine
any 1 of those 3 would be potential sources of new pre-leasing or leasing.

But within those 3 categories, is there 1 or 2 that kind of standout -- of those categories that stand out as
to where you see the most potential for the -- through the balance of the year?

William L. Meaney
President, CEO & Director

Jon, thanks for the question. The -- I would -- we think about it in kind of 2 different ways. So if you look
at, say, in the U.S., some of our 2 really large campuses, which would be obviously Northern Virginia and
Phoenix, is a lot of our expansion and development in those sites is driven by line of sight to customer
conversations that we're having, which you can imagine because those are large campuses that attract a
lot of attention from customers, both on the co-location as well as the hyperscale side.

If we look at some of our European markets, is it's more just based on the dynamics and then the
absorption versus the level of capacity in those markets like places like Frankfurt, London, et cetera. So I
think it's kind of 2 different worlds.

And then the same thing in New Jersey, it's a high -- reasonable levels of absorption with the right balance
of supply. So I think it's a mix. There are some cases where it's purely on market dynamics, and there are
other areas where we really like the conversations we're having with a number of customers, especially
around some of our large campuses.

Jonathan Atkin
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. And then if you could maybe just refresh us on, going forward, interest level in inorganic expansion.
And so whether that's sale-leaseback, private REIT portfolios, shelves that are occupied by cloud players
and so forth. I think there's been a little bit of cap rate compression recently and for instance, in the U.S.,
but just interested in any updated thoughts on types of M&A that you would continue to entertain?

William L. Meaney
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Yes, there's kind of -- I think I understand 2 parts of your question. So first of all, in the M&A, we
feel really good about the platform that we have as it is today. So we don't anticipate any large M&A. I
mean there are obviously Web Werks in India is what I would call a more of a brownfield situation where
it's a smaller M&A deal that gives us a platform for further greenfield build-out in what we think is a really
interesting and high-growth market, just like we did in EvoSwitch a few years ago in the Amsterdam
market, right, which again was kind of a brownfield.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

So If we're talking about those kinds of things where we do a make versus buy situation for entering into
a market or expanding in a market, we will continue to look at those kind of what I would call small M&A
deals. But large platform M&A, we don't see, we really have the need. I think partly we're already in 56
countries for many decades as an operator. So we feel we have good cultural fit in the countries that we
operate in.

And we already have a pretty good international spread across our data center business, but we feel
really good. On the capital allocation question, I would just reiterate with what Barry said before is we feel
that between EBITDA growth and opportunities to recycle capital like what we're doing in our industrial
portfolio, where the cap rates are, we think, really low. We like that trade of trading exposure on industrial
right now and putting more capital at work in data center.

Operator

Our last question is a follow-up from Sheila McGrath of Evercore.

Sheila Kathleen McGrath
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Two quick questions. Margin improvement of 100 basis points was a positive. How should we think about
that as the year progresses? And is more of the improvement on cost of sales or SG&A?

And my second question is, Bill, you mentioned existing owned sites could potentially be repositioned as --
for data center. Just wondering, have you done that already? Or is there anything underway?

William L. Meaney
President, CEO & Director

So Sheila, I'll answer your question on the edge data center deployments using our existing footprint. At
this point, it's only conversations. So there are a couple specific sites that we're looking at in Europe at the
moment with customers and -- but it's still early days, I would say. But the -- but I'm encouraged by the
conversations we're having there and the flexibility that our industrial real estate footprint potentially gives
us down the road.

Barry A. Hytinen
Executive VP & CFO

Sheila, thanks for the question. It's Barry. A couple of things. Certainly, as we move into the second
quarter, we're looking for EBITDA to be approaching $400 million, which is a very nice growth rate and
reflects, to some extent, of course, last year's COVID impact. And as you work through the model, you'll
find another continued nice growth in EBITDA going forward.

I will say, I think, a notable call out, frankly, in the first quarter is the fact that our cost of sales are
actually down about $15 million despite sales being up. And that is a testament to the team's strong
progress on Project Summit.

As we've talked about before, Project Summit in 2021 is vastly going to be benefiting cost of sales
as opposed to SG&A just in light of the sort of operational improvements that we talked about and
highlighted such as service delivery changes, et cetera.

And so you really saw that starting to come to fruition in the first quarter with the vast majority of that
Summit benefit year-on-year that I called out being in cost of sales. And that's a trend that we expect to
continue for the remainder of the year. Appreciate the questions, Sheila.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the conference. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You
may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

