Iron Mountain Incorporated NYSE:IRM
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 04, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.40

0.40

0.00

0.39

1.40

1.65

Revenue  (mm)

1130.29

1130.15

(0.01 %)

1145.88

4480.25

4634.23

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-04-2021 12:04 PM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.31

0.25

0.35

0.40

0.29

0.32

0.38

0.40

(6.45 %)

28.00 %

8.57 %

0.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Barry A. Hytinen
Executive VP & CFO

Sarah Barry

William L. Meaney
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Alexander Eduard Maria Hess
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Eric Thomas Luebchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Sheila Kathleen McGrath
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Shlomo H. Rosenbaum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the Iron Mountain Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Sarah Barry of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Sarah Barry

Thank you, Chris. Good morning, and welcome to our third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. On
today's call, we will refer to materials available on our Investor Relations website. We are joined here
today by Bill Meaney, President and CEO; and Barry Hytinen, our EVP and CFO.

After prepared remarks, we'll open up the lines for Q&A. Today's earnings materials contain forward-
looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations. All forward-looking statements are
subject to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to today's earnings materials, the safe harbor language on
Slide 2 and our annual report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the major risk factors that could cause our
actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements.

In addition, we use several non-GAAP measures when presenting our financial results. We have included
the reconciliations to these measures in our supplemental financial information.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Bill.

William L. Meaney
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Sarah, and thank you all for taking time to join us. We are pleased to have delivered strong
performance in the third quarter, reflecting our broad offerings, deep customer relationships, resilient
business model and the strength of our team. This can be easily highlighted by our 7.4% total organic
revenue growth. This strong overall organic revenue growth has been delivered by continued strength in
our storage business as well as double-digit growth in our new and existing digital offerings, including data
center, inside our digital transformation services and IT Asset Disposition, or ITAD.

Throughout the pandemic, including the most recent challenges of the Delta variant, our mountaineers
around the world have truly stepped up each and every day to put our customers first with a focus on
growth. I am both proud and humbled by this incredibly talented and dedicated team and what we've
been able to accomplish through such a challenging time. Today's results, including our strong organic
revenue growth exceeding 7% is a direct result of their dedication in serving our customers in ways they
need to keep their businesses growing.

We have a lot to cover today, so I'll start with a brief overview of our results and key business drivers.
During the third quarter, we reported revenue of over $1.1 billion and EBITDA of $418 million, both of
which are new record highs. Our results are fueled by increased demand for our services across key
markets and continued positive momentum in the business. Our digital services and ITAD business
continued to build on its prior performance and delivered almost 20% growth in the quarter. Today, we are
proud to say that 95% of the Fortune 1000 are among the 225,000 of our loyal customer base.

We have a growing footprint of more than 1,460 facilities. And with our recent expansion in the Middle
East, we are now present in 63 countries and we are supported by 25,000 mountaineers across the globe.

As we look ahead to future opportunities, there is no doubt the world has changed, but we're making
the improvements to our business today to serve the changed needs of the world tomorrow. That is
why we have built, evolved and expanded our trusted relationships with our customers as not only
the leading storage platform of physical assets, but also the business services partner to support data

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

center colocation, information security, data insights, secure IT asset disposition and business process
management.

With this focus, we have expanded our total addressable market to more than $80 billion. Together with
our strong customer relationships, focus on innovation and 70-year heritage, we are operating from a
unique position of strength.

Now let's turn to some of the exciting events during the quarter. You'll hear us talk a lot about customer
centricity here at Iron Mountain. And when we help our customers not only protect their information, but
also unlock new revenue opportunities as well as cost efficiencies. That's a big win for our customers and
ultimately for us.

We were proud to be featured as one of the winners of Google's first-ever Google Cloud Customer Award
for Financial Services for our work with a large financial institution. This is a great follow-on award from
a couple of years ago when we won their machine learning artificial intelligence partner of the year. For
this award, we leveraged our expertise in mortgage document processing to train machine learning models
to automate document classification and data extraction and validation, deliver advanced exception
management and unlock value for our customers.

In line with our automation first mindset, we utilize Google's document understanding for AI algorithms in
Iron Mountain's Insight platform to identify, classify, extract and validate loan data to support authenticity,
accuracy and completeness.

As a result of our services, the customer has seen efficiency improvements, including a 25% post-closing
cost reduction, increased scalability, a shortened cycle time and increased responsiveness to market
demand among other enhancements. We are not only proud of our work with this financial services
customer, but are also dedicated to continuing to enrich our customers' ability to protect and preserve
their high-value assets, and in turn, assist them with gaining market share in their businesses through
higher end customer satisfaction.

I'm also pleased to report that Iron Mountain received the JPMorgan Chase Strategic Diverse Gold Supplier
Award for our commitment to supplier diversity and the contributions of our very owned supplier diversity
program. Together with our fellow gold suppliers, we have selectively agreed to increase spending with
diverse owned businesses and have set ambitious goals over the next 3 years.

As part of this, we are on track to achieve our goal of $63 million in supplier diversity spend by the end of
2021. This is not just about our diversity goals, but it is also about helping our customers like JPMorgan
Chase and our fellow gold suppliers to drive improvements in supplier diversity, which we recognize is
important for all communities in which we operate. By working together, we are having a far greater
impact than any 1 company can achieve alone.

I would now like to highlight our recent win working together with General Dynamics. You will recall, we
have been speaking for some time about the potential for our services inside the U.S. federal government.
Whilst the transformation of the federal government has taken some time, we are seeing over the past
year major growth in our business across a number of governmental agencies.

This growth is due not only to the residents that our products are having with the government and
assisting them on their own transformation paths, but also to the work our government team has done
in partnership with the likes of General Dynamics. This partnership has already resulted in a 3-year
Iron Mountain contract worth $23 million to help the Department of Veterans Affairs with their digital
transformation in order to serve better our U.S. soldiers.

As part of this initial project, we're helping the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs digitally process an
estimated 15 million official military personnel files. Through digital transformation, this agency is taking
a proactive approach to provide greater access to personnel files as well as streamline the overall claims
process in order to get veterans the benefits they deserve.

In addition to our successful with General Dynamics, I would like to highlight another win in our Global
RIM segment. We've had a long-standing relationship with a major global financial institution for over 20

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

years and we have recently expanded our relationship with them by signing a new 10-year global contract
in which they committed to renew and consolidate all global records and data management business with
us.

Through this work, along with our global scale, we won an additional 2-year contract for data restoration
and migration services. We will provide the customer with clear detailed information from back uptakes
spanning 11 years, which will help them make informed decisions around data deletion, retention and
remediation. Ultimately, we will reduce and enhance data management and compliance.

Finally, turning to data center. We are well on track to exceeding our bookings target of 30 megawatts this
year. In fact, through October, we stand at 24 megawatts. In addition to our continued growth in bookings
this quarter, we closed on the acquisition of our new data center in Frankfurt. When we purchased the new
Frankfurt data center, we inherited over 2 megawatts of existing clients, and we have expansion capacity
of 8 megawatts for a total of over 10 megawatts on that site.

Already in this quarter, we have signed 1.6 megawatts of new leases for this site and have a strong
pipeline which should absorb the remaining capacity over the next 2 to 3 years.

I should also add that our first in purpose-built data center in Frankfurt is up and running in a tenant
which leases the entire 27 megawatts is moving in this quarter. With this transaction in Frankfurt, we now
have a total potential capacity in Europe of more than 107 megawatts, which provides access to important
interconnection markets for new and existing customers looking for reliable, flexible and secure data
center locations across the Frankfurt, Amsterdam and London markets.

Even with our rapid growth, sustainability remains at the core of how we offer data center capacity. Iron
Mountain continues to source more than 100% of its energy used for data centers from renewable energy.
Moreover, as we announced in April, we took a significant step forward in the development of enhanced
solutions for purchasing renewable energy by entering into an agreement to track the hourly load. I'm
proud to announce that this September, we were able to report on our performance for the first half of the
year for our data centers in Ohio, Pennsylvania and New Jersey that are benefiting from this agreement.

Over the past several months, we have taken definitive steps towards a truly carbon-free energy supply,
not just by offsetting our carbon footprint by purchasing and reselling renewables, but by matching
renewable energy in the very grids in which we operate. We are the first company to join Google to
adopt the 24/7 carbon-free energy goal, and we became a founding signatory to the new UN Clean
Energy Compact being released at COP26 this week. We can already publish 24/7 carbon-free energy
performance at 3 of our campuses, becoming the first large colocation data center provider with this
capability.

We recognize that we are an important component of our clients' energy footprint, and we will continue to
take every opportunity to minimize our environmental impact on their behalf.

The awards and successes I outlined today are just a few among the various wins Iron Mountain has
achieved this quarter. As we continue to deliver accelerated growth at IRM in spite of the continued impact
of COVID on some of our traditional service areas, I am confident that our resilient business model,
expanded product portfolio, customer-first culture and strategic transformation will continue to deliver
strong sales growth.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Barry.

Barry A. Hytinen
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Bill. And thank you for joining us. The third quarter exceeded our expectations across each of our
key financial metrics. Continuing the trend we have seen over the last few quarters, revenue continued to
strengthen with a strong recovery in service revenue, reflecting accelerating rates of growth driven by the
new service offerings Bill discussed.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Our core physical storage business performed well, and we are seeing continued strength in our growth
areas.

Turning to our results for the quarter. On a reported basis, revenue of $1.13 billion grew 9%. Total
organic revenue increased 7.4% year-over-year. As an example of the momentum we are building on a
2-year basis, our organic revenue growth continued to accelerate in the quarter. Organic service revenue
increased $61 million or 18%. Our team drove strong growth in both our global digital solutions business
and secure IT asset disposition.

Total organic storage rental revenue grew 2.3%, with continued benefit from pricing and positive trends
in volume. Adjusted EBITDA was $418 million, an increase of $42 million from last year. We exceeded
the projections we shared on our last call as the team drove improved margin performance despite the
stronger U.S. dollar. AFFO was $263 million or $0.90 on a per share basis, up $47 million and $0.15,
respectively, from the third quarter of last year.

Turning to segment performance. In the third quarter, our Global RIM business delivered revenue of $996
million, an increase of $74 million from last year. On an organic basis, revenue increased 6%. The team
performed well with constant currency storage rental revenue growth of 2.7% or 1.8% on an organic
basis. This performance reflects an acceleration in growth as compared to the last few quarters.

Growth was driven by pricing and volume. With positive volume trends in the Mid-East deal that Bill
mentioned, total physical volume achieved a new all-time record of 744 million cubic feet. We are pleased
with the underlying trends and continue to expect total volume on an organic basis to be flat to modestly
up for the full year. Our traditional services business continued to recover from the pandemic with
revenue growing 14% year-over-year, albeit still down 4% from the levels achieved in 2019, reflecting the
continued COVID impact.

Global RIM adjusted EBITDA was $443 million, an increase of $49 million year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA
margin expanded 180 basis points year-over-year as a result of strong operating leverage and improved
service margins.

Turning to our global data center business. Our team booked 9 megawatts in the quarter. And through
the end of the third quarter, we have booked 22 megawatts. With our strong and building pipeline and the
additional contracts we've already signed this quarter, we are confident in our ability to exceed our full
year guidance of 30 megawatts.

In terms of revenue, as we projected, growth accelerated sharply to 22% year-over-year. In light of our
strong performance year-to-date and prior year bookings, we now expect full year revenue growth of at
least mid-teens percent, exceeding our prior projections.

Adjusted EBITDA margin of 40% was consistent with the expectations we shared on our last call, and
driven by build-out services at our Frankfurt facility.

Turning to Project Summit. This quarter, the team delivered $38 million of incremental year-on-year
adjusted EBITDA benefit. We continue to expect year-on-year benefits from Summit of $160 million with
another $50 million of year-on-year benefit in 2022.

Total capital expenditures were $138 million, of which $100 million was growth and $38 million was
recurring.

Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with net lease adjusted leverage of 5.4x, slightly
better than our projection. As we have said before, we are committed to our long-term leverage range of
4.5x to 5.5x. For 2021, we expect to exit the year at levels at or below the third quarter.

From a cash cycle perspective, I would like to highlight that our team drove a 2-day improvement from
last year and specifically call out that our days sales outstanding are at the best level they've been at in
several years.

With our strong financial position, our Board of Directors declared our quarterly dividend of $0.62 per
share to be paid in early January.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Turning to our outlook. With the ongoing pandemic and where we are in the year, I feel it will be helpful to
provide our view explicitly for this quarter. We expect total revenue growth to be in the high single-digit
percentage range year-over-year in the fourth quarter.

For EBITDA, we expect percentage growth to be in the range of low double-digit to low teens year-over-
year in the fourth quarter. We expect year-over-year AFFO growth in excess of 30% in the fourth quarter.
As you may remember, last year, we had an elevated level of maintenance CapEx in the fourth quarter
as we caught up from pandemic-driven delays. On a more normalized level of CapEx spend last year, this
implies at least 20% growth on an AFFO in the fourth quarter of 2021.

In summary, our team is executing well. Our pipeline is growing and momentum continues to build across
our business. Our addressable market continues to expand, and we feel confident in our ability to drive
growth. We feel well positioned and look forward to updating you on our progress following the fourth
quarter.
And with that, operator, please open the line for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Sheila McGrath of Evercore.

Sheila Kathleen McGrath
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Bill and Barry, I've gotten questions from investors that bottom line growth and margin improvement has
benefited from Project Summit, and that benefit will be less of a factor going forward. Can you outline
what revenue growth opportunities you are positive about for Iron Mountain looking out the next few
years? And a related question to that is, can you although outline how you're able to effectively present
such a broad offering of products to your customers when it appears there will be different context at the
customers for storage versus data centers versus insight?

William L. Meaney
President, CEO & Director

Sheila, so I'll start with kind of strategically and where the product portfolio is going. And then I'll let Barry
comment a little bit more on the nuts and bolts in terms of margin. So thanks for the question. I think,
first, I think part of Project Summit, you've seen that show up in the record high EBITDA margin that we
had this quarter. So thanks for the call out on that. And I think that's an ongoing benefit that we'll have.
That EBITDA margin may move up and down depending on the product mix, and it comes to your product
portfolio question.

On the product portfolio, part of Summit that you haven't seen directly, in other words, it isn't in the
margin, is we've also taken a lot of the benefit of Project Summit and reinvested in the business. So
besides actually driving the margin improvement that we printed today, we've also invested -- reinvested
in the business, and that's really what's driven that total addressable market going from $10 billion to $80
billion that we've highlighted in the last few quarters.

And part of that $80 billion of new total addressable market is the almost 20% growth that we've seen
in digital services, which is primarily our insight-driven digital platform together with IT asset disposal
business, right? So those are some of the new areas that I think you are highlighting behind your
question. So we actually see -- that business is growing strong double digits, right? And we see that
continue. You take that on top of the growth and the continued acceleration in growth in our data center
business, we say we're well on track to exceed our upgraded guidance last quarter of 30 megawatts of
bookings for this year.

Then I do -- we do expect to see continued levels of revenue growth like we've seen in the last few
quarters because this growth that we've seen in the top line, whilst we've seen luckily some recovery in
terms of our traditional service business, I think it's fair to say that we've seen an acceleration in terms
of our revenue growth, that's really driven by the new product areas and less from what I would call a
rebound from historically low activity due to COVID.

I don't know, Barry, if you want to kind of comment a little bit on the margin?

Barry A. Hytinen
Executive VP & CFO

Sheila, thanks for the question. I would say, when we look at outlook and you look at where our margin
has been recently where it's going to continue to go, we have very favorable trends in pricing. I think that
you will continue to see at least the level of pricing activity going forward as we've seen here over the last
year or so. Some macro trends there that are both positive for us, I think, on a pricing benefit.

If you look at our data center business, the margin, as we talked about, has on a transitory basis, been a
little bit lower than where we expect it to go over time, that business is obviously dealing with some fit-

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

out on our Frankfurt facility, which is transitory here in the third and the fourth quarter. And as we move
forward, we see that margin expanding. So that's obviously a very nice secular a tailwind to the business.

And then I would say, when you look at ongoing productivity, we continue to see that. So while Summit
has been incredibly beneficial to the business, and we'll have more Summit benefit year-on-year next
year, we certainly see the opportunity for additional productivity. The only other thing I would say is,
as you know, since you follow the company well, we've had a couple of relatively large sale-leaseback
transactions over the last 12 months. And while I expect to continue to do a relative amount of capital
recycling, that's been a big headwind on a year-over-year basis. So if that comes down to a little more
normalized level going forward, that's also a benefit.

Operator

The next question is from George Tong of Goldman Sachs.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

As it relates to your overall growth portfolio, can you provide a sense of how quickly it grew and also
discuss examples of recent success and traction outside of your data center business?

William L. Meaney
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, George. So if you look at the 20% growth that we called out this quarter or just under 20%
growth, that's all non-data center. So that's the -- that is the -- what we call ITAD or IT Asset Disposal
business, and we've won some recent large global contracts for that, mainly for corporates that are trying
to make sure that they both manage the secure destruction of any information that happens to be on their
devices or hardware as well as making sure that they can be managed in an environmentally friendly way.
So that's one part of it.

And the other part of it is just the rapid growth that we've seen in adoption of our Insight platform and
overall digitization of people's information. So that's everything from people taking advantage to say,
okay, when they're retrieving documents on a very simple basis, is we want to actually retrieve them
electronically through the Insight platform where they can assess those from a secure platform in the
cloud to digital mailroom, which is beyond the typical mailroom employ arbitrage model, again, allowing
people to have a -- not only access to the information that comes through their mailroom, but to be able
to operate in a hybrid work fashion.

In other words, where people can work from home and the office and always have access to their
information to even some, what I would call, larger, more complex deals. And I guess return from the
Middle East about a month ago, where we're working with a government there and their national archives
to help them digitize everything about the way the government works, right? And that's, again, using
the Insight platform, but it's not just the Insight platform, but auto classification of the documents to
create metadata so that they can actually share the information digitally to the right people with the right
security level in a way that can be managed for the long term.

So a multifaceted thing, but those are the areas that are really driving a lot of the top line growth that
we see today and as well as our data center business. I mean, obviously, the data center business with
the type of bookings that we have will continue to drive increasing levels of growth. I should -- but I
should not miss out is the underlying growth of the more traditional side of the business, mostly driven by
pricing, continues to chug along nicely.

Operator

The next question is from Shlomo Rosenbaum of Stifel.

Shlomo H. Rosenbaum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Sorry, I was muted. I wanted to ask a little bit about the storage business and some of the puts and
takes that went through. It seems like there is some -- there was an acquisition, something added about
10 million cubic feet. You guys are getting pricing. There's some organic growth. When I go to the total
revenue from adjusted storage when including the terminations and prominent withdrawal fees, it's really
flattish sequentially. And so I just want to ask you, what are some of the puts and takes that you might
have seen on a sequential basis? Because I think you commented last quarter, expecting some volumes to
come in that will pent-up from COVID-19. And I'm just wondering how this is translating into revenue as
you kind of build through the year?

Barry A. Hytinen
Executive VP & CFO

Shlomo, it's Barry. Thanks for the question. I'll try to unpack that for you. So you are right. We did close
on the transaction in the Mid-East, which we think is a great platform for us to continue to grow in that
region together with our existing business. And I will note that, that closed very late in the quarter and the
second half of September. So really had almost no benefit to the quarter in terms of the financials, albeit it
is in our cube as you note. So that didn't really help the sequential.

On the pricing, you might recall that at the beginning of the year and then again on the first quarter call,
I mentioned that all of the pricing we had planned for was already set as of March or April. And so the
sequential benefit on pricing was not much and we were planning for it. And then the other thing I'll call
out as you think about storage sequentially is we did divest the software escrow business in June, second
-- first part of June last quarter. And so the sequential move from the second to the third on storage, that
was a completely storage business. So it's about $6 million or $7 million of sequential decline due to that
being in the second quarter, but not in the third quarter.

So all in, we feel quite good. In fact, I'll be -- I'll tell you that the storage revenue performed better than
we were planning on a sequential basis. And as it relates to the point about pent-up demand, you recall
last quarter, we did note that, and that was in some of the economies, particularly in Asia, and I would say
with the some of the COVID and Delta variant and various other elements that occurred in some of those
markets, we continue to have a pretty good sized backlog.

Bill, anything you want to add?

William L. Meaney
President, CEO & Director

No. I think that's covered.

Operator

Then the next question is from Eric Luebchow of Wells Fargo.

Eric Thomas Luebchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I wanted to touch upon fairly topical area in data centers today. A lot of talk in the industry about cost
inflation in terms of development costs along with supply chain challenges and getting new equipment.
Maybe you could just give us your perspective on what you're seeing in your footprint, whether that's
any development cost inflation, any delays in terms of timing and also the impact of higher power costs,
particularly in Europe? And then from a broader pricing perspective, do you think that this environment
may be supportive of industry pricing moving upwards in the next couple of years as we work through all
these challenges?

Barry A. Hytinen
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Eric. No, I appreciate the question. So 2 or 3 points that I'll cover in your question. I think the
first bit is that I would say that for 2022 in terms of supply chain, we're pretty well covered just because
of the lead time. But to your point is we have seen, I would say, 10 to 12 weeks increase in supply chain

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

or lead time on some of the MEP and related equipment and even including steel in some markets. So I
think to your point is we are seeing a lengthening of the supply chain. But I would say for 2022, we're well
covered because that's already been in [ train ] and committed contracts to actually do that build-out.

And now we're already looking at 2023, and we're factoring in that extended lead time for some of that
equipment in our planning. So the good news -- the bad news is that the lead times have increased. The
good news is that we're well covered for 2022. So we've got the time to make sure we incorporate that in
our planning for 2023. So that's, I would say, one aspect.

And in terms of the increase in the price, so we're pretty well hedged for the 2022 commitments that
we have because those are contracts that we've already let. But we are seeing an increase in inflation in
some of those raw materials. That being said, because this is a business where the cost of construction is
well known and quite transparent to our customer base is we see trends and we expect that to continue
that our pricing will go in line with the cost of build. So I think we're kind of naturally hedged given the
transparency of these businesses.

In terms of the power cost is that -- again, we're pretty well covered for this year, but we have seen an
uptick in pricing in pretty much all the markets, as you -- as everyone's noticed. And I would say that --
first part is, I would say, about 60% of our portfolio is in 2022 will be pretty much straight power pass-
through. So we don't have any exposure in terms of the power cost.

The remainder is, most of that is still on long-term -- we've contracted to the power long term. So think of
our business is north of 70% naturally hedged in the part that isn't -- is up for renewal during the course
of 2022 or a big part of it is. So we don't really see power affecting us in any material way. And in fact, we
see continued upward progression in terms of our EBITDA margins as we get into 2022. So -- but thanks
for the question.

Operator

Next question is from Andrew Steinerman of JPMorgan.

Alexander Eduard Maria Hess
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

This is Alex on for Andrew Steinerman. Our question is regarding your guidance. Your guidance for high
single-digit percentage growth in revenue and low double-digit to low teens percentage growth in EBITDA
for fourth quarter appears to imply an adjusted EBITDA margin of about 36.5%. Can you confirm that
we're doing the math there, right, maybe speak to some of the drivers behind that?

Barry A. Hytinen
Executive VP & CFO

Alex, it's Barry. Thanks for the question. Why don't I help you with both the revenue and the EBITDA, the
way we're thinking about it? So in the fourth quarter, you're right, we said about high single digits. So let's
say that's 8% or 9% on the revenue side. Just to give you a couple of the puts and takes, we have the
dollar is stronger, so we have less than 1 point of FX benefit year-on-year and a similar amount from M&A
less than 1 point because just as a reminder, as I mentioned to Shlomo, we divested that software escrow
business in the second quarter and -- so as a result, it's not much M&A benefit. So that leaves you with
about, call it, 7% of organic constant currency growth.

And with the strength of the data center business, that will contribute probably 1.5 points alone because
that business is performing very well. And so you should be working with your model and I think like 20-
plus percent growth in the fourth quarter from our data center business.

The balance would be coming from low single-digit growth in our storage rental revenue, and that will be
with good pricing contribution. Of course, the remainder is, as Bill has highlighted on the call, the very
nice growth we're seeing out of our digital solutions and SITAD business.

On the EBITDA stand side, we're looking at low double-digit to low -- sorry, mid-teens growth. So let's say
that's 13-or-so percent just to keep the midpoint there. For the purpose of this discussion, that's about,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

call it, $48 million of year-on-year increase. FX is a very small contribution, almost nothing and M&A would
be actually a net negative on a year-over-year basis. In light of the escrow business, it was a very high
margin.

And so think about data center as having a modest increase in margin sequentially, still affected by the
fit-out in Frankfurt. So a few million of benefit to EBITDA from data center. Our Summit project is doing
phenomenally well, and the team is executing very well. You'll probably see $30-plus million of year-on-
year benefit in the quarter from that.

And then, of course, pricing will continue to be a very strong contributor. And the services margin, I expect
to continue to improve, which you've been seeing throughout the year. So naturally, there are some
offsets with sale-leaseback, as I mentioned earlier, and higher levels of commission in light of the very
good trajectory the team is driving on top line. So we're feeling very good about the fourth quarter as we
sit here today and look forward to talking to you about it in 90 days. Thank you. Have a great day.

Operator
Thank you, sir. This concludes our question-and-answer session and the Iron Mountain Third Quarter 2021
Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

IRON MOUNTAIN INCORPORATED FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

