J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:JBHT
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 14, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.51

0.98

Revenue  (mm)

2453.08

2179.47

14.29

4.65

5.35

4.81

9167.32

9345.48

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-14-2020 10:05 AM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

1.25

1.35

1.45

1.51

1.09

1.37

1.40

1.35

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

(12.80 %)

1.48 %

(3.45 %)

(10.60 %)

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

A. Brad Delco
Vice President of Finance &
Investor Relations

Darren P. Field
Executive VP & President of
Intermodal

John Kuhlow
Senior VP of Finance, Controller,
Chief Accounting Officer & Interim
CFO

John N. Roberts
President, CEO & Director

Nicholas Hobbs
Executive VP & President of
Dedicated Contract Services

Justin Trennon Long
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Kenneth Scott Hoexter
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

Shelley Simpson
Corporate Executive VP, Chief
Commercial Officer & President of
Highway Services

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Todd Clark Fowler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

ANALYSTS

Benjamin John Hartford
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Brian Patrick Ossenbeck
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Christian F. Wetherbee
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to J.B. Hunt First Quarter 2020 Earnings
Call. [Operator Instructions] A replay will be made available after today's call on the company's website at
jbhunt.com. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to hand the call over to Mr.
Brad Delco, Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

A. Brad Delco
Vice President of Finance & Investor Relations

Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. Hopefully, everyone has had an opportunity to review our
earnings release that was issued earlier today. If not, you should be able to access it at jbhunt.com.

On this call, I would like to take some time to provide some disclosures regarding forward-looking
statements. This call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expects, anticipates, intends, estimates or similar
expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. These statements are based on
J.B. Hunt's current plans and expectations and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause future
activities and results to be materially different from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. For
more information regarding risk factors, please refer to J.B. Hunt's annual report on Form 10-K and other
reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

With that out of the way, I would like to introduce the speakers on today's call. This afternoon, I'm joined
by our CEO, John Roberts; John Kuhlow, our interim CFO, Chief Accounting Officer, Controller, and Senior
Vice President of Finance; Shelley Simpson, our Chief Commercial Officer and President of Highway
Services; Nick Hobbs, our President of Dedicated; and Darren, our President of Intermodal.

At this time, I would like to turn the call to our CEO, Mr. John Roberts, for some opening comments. John?

John N. Roberts
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Thank you, Brad. Continuing with our format of opening remarks, let me start by thanking the
J.B. Hunt teams around the country for their tireless commitment and hard work that has occurred and
will continue in response to the conditions we faced during this pandemic. And in particular, I want to
recognize the efforts and sacrifice of our driving forces and our maintenance teams that had full show
rates every day. As you all know, drivers and maintenance teams cannot work remotely. Lastly, I wish to
recognize the work of all office personnel in making a swift and effective adjustment to remote-style work
to support our drivers and customers. On behalf of the leadership team, we greatly appreciate you all.

Obviously, our commentary on this quarter and the balance of this year will be disrupted by the impact
of the COVID-19 situation in many ways. Please be advised that senior management across the company
meets via conference twice daily on all macro issues relating to staffing, human resources, safety and
customer dynamics to stay very current and agile. We clearly cannot predict the timing or depth of
the coming cycles, but by covering this data frequently, we do get a sense for direction and potential
magnitude of change.

Our views on the current situation include focus on capital deployment; margin recovery; cost saving
levers; prior recession performance; recent weekly, monthly performance trends; cash flow generation;
CapEx projections; balance sheet strengthening and liquidity preservation; portfolio exposure; and
recovery trends. We will touch on these topics and others as we review our work with you today and in the
coming calls we will have.

In all, we see the environment showing near-term disruption and turbulence but expect the longer term
to present opportunities to capitalize on many of our existing priorities, including our efforts with 360,
our Final Mile and private fleet outsourcing businesses in both our Highway Services and Intermodal. We

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

are evaluating several categories of internal and external data to better understand the slope and timing
of the import activities that will impact our intermodal networks, which Darren will comment on during
discussion. We are also studying market information to help us estimate how the domestic freight trends
will move in the coming weeks and months.

As we've mentioned, we are working remotely where possible, which includes above 90% at our corporate
campuses and approaching 50% in our field locations. We are pleased to report that recent investments in
strengthening all aspects of our technology infrastructure and resiliency have delivered the results needed.
Our ability to stay connected with each other, our customers and our drivers has kept us fully operational.

In addition to our traditional workflows, the positioning of our digital freight management platforms,
known as 360, is enabling a different type of response to fast changing needs by our people, customers
and carriers. A recent expansion to the baseline connectivity we have been reporting on, we are currently
testing a comprehensive electronic bill of lading program to capture needed proof of delivery and
signatures in a no-touch environment. This option will be available to all carriers and customers in
early May. Shelley will cover some of the details for us here. This is a good example of our continuing
development in 360.

The comprehensive nature of our transportation offerings create many benefits to our customers. In
addition to those long-held advantages, we are seeing that our broad reach of services presents us with
options to reallocate our assets and people. As noted, we are seeing declines in some channels with
surges in others. There are several options available to us in the way we handle the demands from our
customers in Intermodal, DCS, Truckload and ICS. During our discussion today, we will call out some
examples of how we are providing resources within and -- I'm sorry, pivoting resources within and across
segments.

A new element of our presentation includes the breakout of Final Mile services. Last week, we provided
some historical data to help get you acclimated to the trends in this offering. Of all our business lines, this
one has been hit the hardest in our ability to relocate assets, drivers and contractors due to the nature
of the equipment and services provided. Nick will be able to provide more information on our near-term
expectation for Final Mile. While the environment we are in will make it difficult to effectively model this
business in the near term, we are hopeful that at least you can get more familiar with our current -- our
recent trends.

Even in the current turbulence, we have seen nothing that changes our strategic direction in any area of
the company. In fact, we are encouraged by our positioning, and while we plan to be thoughtful about
discretionary cost controls in the near term, our long-term plans and expectations have not changed
meaningfully.

At this time, I'll ask John Kuhlow to make some comments on our current financial state, and then Brad
will close up our planned remarks, openings for questions following that. John?

John Kuhlow
Senior VP of Finance, Controller, Chief Accounting Officer & Interim CFO

Thank you, John. As John mentioned, the team is going to cover specific on -- specifics on the segment
results. So I'd like to provide some comments on our approach to addressing the pandemic during the
quarter and more importantly, going forward.

We obviously entered the first quarter of 2020 with a very different expectation than what ultimately
transpired. While the pandemic offers a level of uncertainty not seen in many years, J.B. Hunt is essential
to the recovery, and our focus remains consistent, which is to solve for our customers' needs. We are
confident in our balance sheet strength and liquidity position. Our target leverage ratio is 1x EBITDA,
which is where we landed at March 31. We're not afraid to go above this target in the near term if
conditions warrant, and we have the credit resources to do so. We ended the quarter with approximately
$48 million in cash, and we currently have 0 drawn on our revolver, which has $750 million of borrowing
capacity and an option to take that up to $1 billion. We remain confident in our ability to access cash given
the strength of our bank group, and we maintain close communication with that group. In addition, we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

intend and expect to emerge from the current economic environment with our investment-grade rating
intact.

With respect to cash flow generation, outside the risk of declines in the freight market, we view our largest
risk going into the second quarter to be around our customers' liquidity and ability to pay. We monitor
working capital on a daily basis and are in frequent communication with our customers and providers.
We're beginning to see an increase in certain customers reaching out to discuss liquidity concerns; and
while we understand their liquidity issues, we have to enforce our terms that we have agreed to. Our
carriers and suppliers expect us to pay according to terms, and we must expect the same from our
customers.

From a capital deployment standpoint, our approach remains the same. We invest in our people and
business growth. We will maintain our working capital and leverage positions. We'll return value to
shareholders through dividends, and we'll continue an opportunistic approach to share repurchases. This
has been our focus and will remain so for the long term. However, we certainly recognize the current
environment but believe our framework allows us to make discretionary adjustments to this approach as
needed.

In the near term, we are reprioritizing some of our 2020 spend to essential and critical items. We're
evaluating expenditures based on those that must happen, those that can be deferred and those that are
capable of being canceled. By way of example, we plan to expand the terminal facility in our Southwest
region during the second quarter to accommodate long-term growth beyond our 2020 needs. However,
in light of the current state, we have paused this project until we are in a more predictable environment.
Further, our opportunistic buyback approach allows for discretion based on liquidity needs at the time.
So while we have historically planned for excess cash to be used for buybacks, we may opt to hold the
cash if deemed prudent. Additionally, while we continue to evaluate the market for M&A opportunities, any
potential transaction will still follow our normal evaluation process, which consists of liquidity and funding
requirements.

To date, cost reduction actions have consisted mostly of canceling nonessential travel, pausing hiring
activities and delaying other discretionary spend, which we will continue to do so as needed. It's difficult
to determine the specific impact the pandemic has had on our revenues and costs. However, we have
identified approximately $15 million of specific costs in the first quarter that were not planned going into
the quarter. The largest of which was our special bonus for approximately $12 million, as we noted in our
release.

Considering our cost structure, a large portion of our costs are varied. Our purchase transportation
expense, which represents nearly 55% of our costs, is heavily tied to loads. Our next largest cost item is
salaries and wages, which includes driver pay. While driver pay is mostly a variable cost, you can see --
you can expect to see less variability in the near term due to increases in paid time off for quarantined
employees and offsets to reduce pay due to slowdowns. To date, we have not made adjustments to
our costs that we -- that are considered more fixed in nature. However, we are carefully monitoring the
environment and are prepared to adjust if necessary.

Lastly, with respect to CapEx, we've paused or canceled certain CapEx that was originally planned for
2020 that we view as nonessential in the near term. This includes delaying or canceling orders for
tractors, containers and trailing equipment where appropriate. However, keep in mind that not all of this
is under our control as we are at the mercy of our suppliers. To the extent manufacturers have production
slowdowns as a result of the pandemic, we may need to adjust our CapEx accordingly. We previously
provided our 2020 CapEx forecast to be between $675 million to $700 million. Our current view for CapEx
due to the factors noted is now in the range of $575 million to $600 million. This is roughly $425 million to
$450 million of maintenance, and the remainder is growth or success-based CapEx.

Brad, that covers my prepared remarks.

A. Brad Delco
Vice President of Finance & Investor Relations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Okay, great. And just to briefly follow up on John Roberts and John Kuhlow's comments, I thought it'd be
worth providing a little more detail in investor speak with regards to the quarter and what challenges and
opportunities we see ahead in what is likely to be a dynamic freight market.

In our Intermodal business, we've talked about networking balances for several quarters, and that trend
continued with weaker imports into the West Coast. In some instances, we had stronger demand in
backhaul lanes relative to headhaul lanes, which puts pressure on revenue per load metrics as well as
network fluidity. We anticipate network imbalances to continue as well as volume pressure from both
demand trends and competitive pressures, particularly in the East with declining truck rates and lower
fuel prices. We continue to monitor the flow of goods out of Asia in order to most effectively plan capacity
needs on behalf of our customers. And because we're anticipating the question, we'll go ahead and knock
it off the list and provide our Intermodal volumes by month. January was plus 7%. February was plus 8%,
and March was plus 5%. That said, we did see a more meaningful drop-off in volumes in late March, which
has continued thus far into April.

In Dedicated, this business was built to withstand the severe ebbs and flows of demand cycles, and we
acknowledge that we may have an opportunity to prove the strength of our model in the near future. That
said, we should all recognize that DCS is not 100% immune to economic cycles, and we will see some
impacts to the business that I'll let Nick discuss in more detail during Q&A. But in short, we feel confident
in our ability to service our customers with the high level of service they've come to expect from J.B. Hunt,
and that couldn't have been more pronounced than what we saw in Q1.

In ICS, investments in building out the digital platform will continue, and we remain focused on
investments in 3 areas: people, technology and scaling the platform. As you should expect, gross margins
will fluctuate based on the relationship between supply and demand in the markets we serve. Clearly, that
relationship was challenged in Q1. Our focus here remains on executing for our customers and creating
raving fans for the digital platform. The business leaders will be able to share how the platform helped
drive additional revenue as well as mitigate cost in their respective segments during the volatile freight
market we experienced in Q1.

In Final Mile Service, this is an area where we're seeing the most impact to our business with certain
customer shuttering operations. This business is normally seasonal with Q1 results usually the most
challenged, while Q2 and Q3 are typically the strongest. It seems likely that we will not see normal
seasonality in the business this year, suggesting losses may accelerate in Q2.

In truck, the business continues to move towards a more asset-light model. As a result, you should see a
trend towards a more variable cost structure that would see similar performance dynamics as a brokerage
model. While we are investing less capital in physical assets, namely power equipment, we continue to
invest in our trailing fleet as well as technology that should enable this business to evolve and become
even more complementary with the 360 platform.
This concludes my remarks. Given the number of questions we already see in queue, I would ask that
each analyst ask one question and one follow-up and then return to queue. So Nicole, with that, we'd like
to open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The first question will come from the line of Chris Wetherbee with Citi.

Christian F. Wetherbee
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

I guess maybe starting on the Intermodal side. Brad, thanks for the helpful color on loads per month and
the commentary around April. I guess I know it's difficult to answer the question. But if you think about
sort of the pace of what we've seen through the first 2 weeks of April, can you just give us some sense of
what the magnitude of the drop-off might look like so far and I guess in addition to that, what you think
about Intermodal? Maybe a little bit of color on sort of the percentage of the customers that may still be
sort of operating and maybe what's kind of shut down as it stands currently.

Darren P. Field
Executive VP & President of Intermodal

Okay. This is Darren. So we obviously knew this question would be early on. So when you get -- when we
came out of March, there was an impact to import volumes on the West Coast as a result of the slowdown
of exports from China or the China side of a slowdown based on what was going on in China. As we've
come out of March and we're into April, we're experiencing meaningful declines in volume probably to
the tune of mid- to high single digits. As we get into what we're learning about the future, we don't have
visibility into what probably the back half of May and June represent. But certainly for the next 3 to 4
weeks, I would expect that trend to continue. And just my opinion and my opinion alone, I mean I would
expect the volumes in Intermodal to be in the double-digit negative for the quarter.

Christian F. Wetherbee
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Okay. Okay. That's helpful. I appreciate that. And then maybe switching gears a little bit to the ICS side
and trying to just understand the strategy around 360 as we go through this process of turbulence over
the next several weeks or months, I guess, depending on how long it lasts. Are there toggles on the
spending that we might see come through this where you'll preserve liquidity and sort of hold off on some
projects that you wanted or investments you wanted to make? How do you think about that in the context
of what's going on with COVID?

Shelley Simpson
Corporate Executive VP, Chief Commercial Officer & President of Highway Services

Yes. So just as a reminder for us, our investment was really in 3 areas that Brad alluded to. We've focused
on our people side, which I think we have done a good job watching our people cost as we came through
March and are even watching that coming into April. We also invested in the technology spend. And those
projects are not 1- or 2-month projects. Those are projects that are planned out over a longer period
of time, and those projects, we believe, are critical in helping us create a more efficient transportation
network. That is our focus. We will continue that plan from a technology spend and have confidence based
on some of the data that we're seeing from both customers and carriers.

Finally, on the scaling part of the process, that was really an acceleration of our shipments and revenue
plan with our customers and with carriers. And as those are onboarding, our ability to know exactly which
customer or carrier should be connected at which time was really the risk that would happen and the
association to that.

For us, coming through COVID-19, we really -- if we think about what we invested in total, we invested
about 77% in our scaling of the business. That was about 35% over plan. I talked about on the first
quarter earnings release that January was constrained on the supply side, an unusual activity the first 2
weeks, and that created pressure, from a margin perspective, unexpected in January. February did come

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

to more normal, and then certainly March had the most pressure on it from a margin perspective in total.
So from our plan, we did a nice job from a people perspective, being better than plan in total offset by
worse margin and a slight miss to our revenue plan in total.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Justin Long with Stephens.

Justin Trennon Long
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Maybe to follow up on Intermodal, you addressed the volume side, but I'm curious how you're thinking
about Intermodal pricing in this environment from a strategic standpoint. Do you see the downturn as
an opportunity to leverage the scale and structural advantages of the network and maybe get a bit more
aggressive on price to take share? Or given Intermodal margins are below targeted levels going into this
downturn, what would you say you're more focused on trying to hold the line on price going forward? Just
curious how you're thinking about that balance over the remainder of this bid season.

John Kuhlow
Senior VP of Finance, Controller, Chief Accounting Officer & Interim CFO

Well, Justin, I mean you used the term balance, and that's exactly how we think about it. I don't believe
we have any one specific game plan out there that says, based on the downturn of the demand for
shipping, we need to go take share. That's not necessarily our approach. Would we be opportunistic
with customer opportunities when that business is something that would be beneficial to our network?
Absolutely. But I would think we would have been equally opportunistic with that opportunity had we
not been in any kind of a downturn. So don't want to -- I would not suggest that we have changed our
philosophy. Certainly, we are communicating with our rail providers regularly. And when the opportunity
exists, if it ever did and we could look to reduce our cost in some manner that allowed us to offer a little
bit more aggressive pricing where it wasn't about a margin sacrifice, then we would certainly look to do
that. Those -- again, all of that happens, one customer, one proposal at a time.

Justin Trennon Long
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then secondly, maybe following up on the comment that John made in the
prepared remarks around the risk from customers' liquidity. Is there a way to think about the percentage
of your customers or percentage of revenue that you view as a risk on that front? And maybe, Nick, we
could kind of hear from you in terms of the mix of DCS business, how it breaks down by end market and
the size of those customers as we think about that risk?

Shelley Simpson
Corporate Executive VP, Chief Commercial Officer & President of Highway Services

So we have evaluated what part of our customers move essential and nonessential goods in total and by
segment. And our concern around the customer base in total, we have had communication with some
customers that are having good conversation in and calling us. Our bigger concern are customers that
we're not hearing from. And so that has been, over the last several weeks, a main objective of our sales
organization to really lean in and work closely with customers. We are having regular conversations daily
with our customers just to make sure that we're staying on top of that. I do think it's a risk, but I do think
that we're talking to customers on a regular cadence. And so far, I don't see any surprise there.

Nicholas Hobbs
Executive VP & President of Dedicated Contract Services

Yes. As far as our mix of business, I think you clearly see, particularly once this pandemic hit us, our
flexibility to move assets around from some of our customers that were more impacted than others,
essential versus nonessential. Some of our retail apparel, those segments were down 11% or so but food
was up 16%; home improvement, 21%. Office furniture was just falling off basically, and some automotive
suppliers was down as well. Our ag was very consistent. So we've got a very diverse portfolio, and you're

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

going to continue to see that as we move forward. And so we were able to move some of those segments
around where they may have been shut down or they may be slow.

We were able to move over -- on an average, we've moved about 1,000 trucks a day from their base
accounts over to others. So within Dedicated, we've repositioned any assets that -- where the customers
have been slow over to where our customers are very, very busy. And again, that's something, when you
operate as a private fleet, you struggle with. You don't have another outsource. But that's the advantage
that we bring to a lot of private fleets. They have the same control and service with us and great visibility
but the flexibility to move some assets.

John N. Roberts
President, CEO & Director

And then just to follow up, Nick, on the terms and payment and that kind of thing in your business, are
you seeing similar dynamics to what Shelley's seeing?

Nicholas Hobbs
Executive VP & President of Dedicated Contract Services

Yes, I would say we would see more -- we see the same. When I get over into Final Mile, we're a little on
the furniture side. Those are more dramatically impacted. So the volume on the furniture folks is up a little
bit.

John N. Roberts
President, CEO & Director

And I just want to emphasize, too, that the conversation that we're having with customers is very
objective and crisp around how we -- as John said, how we are set up to pay our vendors. So when we get
into talking through extending terms, it's really not conducive in this line of work. It might be in others,
but for us, it's not really something we're supporting right now and are getting good response.

Shelley Simpson
Corporate Executive VP, Chief Commercial Officer & President of Highway Services

Yes. I would just add. I think our customers understand the necessity of us keeping our drivers and
maintenance employees there on the front line ready for our customers. That has been viewed favorably
from them as well as we did change our payment terms for the carrier community from a truckload space.
So anyone that moved a shipment in Carrier 360 in the month of March, we have moved up their payment
days to only pay in 7 days. So we're trying to get them cash more quickly. We've explained all of that to
our customers. They've been very receptive so far. We're just trying to be offensive, be in front of it and
make sure that they understand what we're doing to help.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group with Wolfe Research.

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

All right. So I want to start with you, Darren. Is bid season still happening? And maybe can you share
some of the results that you're seeing? And then if volumes are down in the second quarter double digits,
so year-over-year, it's -- I guess it's down double digits sequentially as well. What does -- any way to help
us think about the margin sensitivity there and how much margins can be under pressure?

Darren P. Field
Executive VP & President of Intermodal

So okay, I'll answer the bid season question. Certainly, bid season is ongoing. We have had -- really prior
to a lot of people from the world going to work from home, we had completed pricing on about 1/3 of our
business, maybe a little bit more than that, and the results of that first third were probably about what we
had expected them to be before any of this challenge to the economy had taken place. While we -- for the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

last 4 weeks, we have a handful of customers that are -- have exercised the bid. They've received results,
but they're not in a good spot to implement that bid, and they've delayed the start of it. Some of those
have communicated maybe a delay. An example would just be a May 1 to a June 1 delay in new pricing.
Some of the customers have effectively said we will delay indefinitely until we can give you a different
answer.

We have a handful of customers that are asking to go faster. And in those cases, the reason they're going
faster is they're actually -- their shipping demands may actually be increasing for the second quarter, and
they're looking to secure capacity and know that they've got the ability to do that. So for the most part, I
would say that we have -- the bid season has been what I would have expected it to. Now every year, we
make price a project work for a host of different customers that are heavily involved in spring activities,
and some of those kinds of projects may just not occur this year in Q2. So there's shipment volumes
historically that are probably, frankly, they're just not going to ship. They're not going to happen. It's not
a push off the business into the third quarter. It'll just be activity that won't exist. And so there's a little bit
of a slowdown in that world, but that's not a huge percentage of what we do.

In terms of sharing margin impact from a lack of -- from weaker volumes, certainly, what we've talked
about in the past is price affects our margin more significantly than just the fixed cost or a lack of
utilization of our assets. And that still remains true. However, having idle containers looking for work to
do is impactful. The network fluidity or the balance of our system is significantly different than what we
have believed is normal over the last 20 years. So the West Coast volumes that we move to the East are
some of the longer length of haul and some of the higher-rated business. So that volume has slowed more
than others. And at the same time, we have business from the Midwest from the interior of the country for
consumer products to support the population base on the West Coast that has surged up a little bit.

So you've got an increase in volume at -- in backhaul lanes and a loss of volume in headhaul lanes, and
that's impactful. So I'm not going to answer your question specifically about a direct impact to the margin,
but we have challenges there certainly, as anyone would, with the decline of volume.

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. And then for Nick, so when you talk about repositioning trucks in Dedicated from guys that are
shut to guys that are open, I guess, who pays for that? And then to the extent that you got -- you have
customers that are not operating right now and you can't reposition those trucks, do they still pay you
right now? Or I'm not sure how that works.

Nicholas Hobbs
Executive VP & President of Dedicated Contract Services

Yes. Well, first of all, in Dedicated, all of our trucks are working. So we've got them all moved around.
They're supporting intermodal in some places. But in other accounts, it's the other account that is
surging up. They're looking for equipment, and so we bring in other dedicated. So example, our grocery
businesses, we serve probably 9 or 10 different grocers. Our business is very, very robust, and so our
base fleet can't handle it. And if they're up 16%, 20%, we'll bring those trucks in from other accounts.
And so the account that is busy is the one that pays for them. And then we give a credit back to the other
account, where if they had a private fleet, they'd be paying that driver pay and the cost of that equipment.
And so that's offset. So that's how that works.

Operator

Next question will come from the line of Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs.

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Just a question on Dedicated. Can you talk a little bit -- I mean I think you alluded to it. Maybe I missed
some of it on the -- and maybe it's hard to get a gauge for sort of your thoughts on truck adds to that
business as we go through this year given all the uncertainty. But maybe another way to think about it is,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

going into the year, you're presumably talking to some new potential accounts, new potential business.
Have you seen an add in sort of closing opportunities right now? Or if you could give any color on that.

Nicholas Hobbs
Executive VP & President of Dedicated Contract Services

Yes. I will do that. I will just tell you that we were off to a really good start. In Q1, we signed contracts on
350-plus trucks, so that's a very good quarter for us. We signed our last deal just a couple of weeks ago.
With that being said, as we kind of look ahead, it's hard to get meetings. We're trying to do some Teams
meeting, Microsoft, Zoom, you name it. But those are slowing down. Customers have other priorities right
now. So we are seeing our verbals slow down just a little bit, and we expect that to continue just a little
bit.

If you look back at the recession in '08 and '09, our sales went down by about 20%, so I think it's
probably pretty good to assume that that's pretty close to what will happen here. So I think we gave
guidance of 800 to 1,000, so it could be 600 to 800 on sales. But also during the recession, the way our
model works is our customers, long term, they need to take a truck or 2 out. We see a lot of pressure on
our fleets to downsize a little bit, and so we'll take some of those out. We look at it for the long term with
the customer, and we'll take some of those out. So with that, our net adds may not be as robust this year
as they have been in the past 2 or 3 years. But the demand is still out there for private fleets, and we still
got a full pipeline. But we just think there's going to be a little pause until we come out of this, and it will
pick back up again.

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then just a question, a real quick question on the accrual, the $8 million. I'm assuming that
tying these up, the loose ends, and that's related to 2019, and it's just in the 1 quarter. And now that's
sort of put to bed at this point.

John Kuhlow
Senior VP of Finance, Controller, Chief Accounting Officer & Interim CFO

So well, actually, we received the award at the end of 2019. I think we announced that on October
30. As we implemented that award and went through the first month or 2 of this year, we understood
that we needed to true up the payment for how much we had paid BNSF in 2019, and that's what that
announcement about -- was about. It was actually related to the entire calendar year for 2019.

A. Brad Delco
Vice President of Finance & Investor Relations

Jordan, this is Brad. I did want to clarify kind of Nick's response to it because I do think it's important. So
essentially, Nick said, originally, truck sales of 800 to 1,000 this year. He thinks that sales process could
see a 20% decline from his original estimates. But customers do have some optionality to shrink the size
of their fleet. And so net adds could be something slightly below that. But that's an opportunity where we
see where we can take equipment that's already in the Dedicated fleet and repurpose those to some of
these new awards. And that's some of the comments that John Kuhlow provided in terms of why you've
seen some flexibility in our capital budget. So I just thought that would be worth highlighting there.

Operator

The next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter with Bank of America.

Kenneth Scott Hoexter
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Great. Appreciate the remote dial-ins. So maybe John or Brad, just to follow up on that, the CapEx
discussion there, you talked about some canceled container and tractor orders. Can you talk about the
new CapEx guidance? What level of growth of assets are you now targeting? I don't know if you want to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

talk by segment or maybe just walk us through how you get that -- what the reduction and what your
growth targets are?

John Kuhlow
Senior VP of Finance, Controller, Chief Accounting Officer & Interim CFO

Yes. So Ken, this is John Kuhlow. Just to kind of clarify, most of the -- we have the ability to cancel,
but today, it's been mostly postponing or delaying those orders until we kind of have a better sense of
what our needs are. But to give you a little bit more deeper perspective on CapEx, we're probably at
about $400 million for maintenance, and by segment, that's roughly $50 million for truck, around $130
million for Intermodal and $150 million for DCS. Now keep in mind, that also includes what we include in
maintenance is our investments in the back office technology for the company, and that's still around $80
million to $90 million for the year. So that's how we get to the $4 million. And then the rest is primarily in
Intermodal and Dedicated for any success-based growth that we may have in those segments.

Kenneth Scott Hoexter
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Great. And then can you just talk about the Final Mile now that you're breaking it out? Can you maybe
just delve into how asset light you're talking about moving around the assets? I just want to understand
the flexibility as you have customers shutting, the financial flexibility of that segment, what kind of losses
occur in the near term? Or is that just if you're not using it, you just -- you don't pay?

Nicholas Hobbs
Executive VP & President of Dedicated Contract Services

So okay. Let me give some answers on that. We have that basically broken down into 3 channels. The
first channel is furniture, and that is probably 95% asset light. So when they shut down, we may still
have some buildings. And then some of those, we bill the customer for those buildings still ongoing. So
it's multiple things there you look at. But then for the equipment, it's all contractors. So our contractors,
we've tried to get them connected for paycheck protection to point them in the direction of a bank to help
them through this time. So that cost will go away.

Then the second channel is the retail replenishment. That's basically our off-price retail, and they are
basically all shut down right now. They're nonessential. And so that's where we have some company
drivers. And so in that channel, we have tried to outsource as much as we can, but we also have some
different types of equipment in there that can't go do intermodal or dedicated work. So there's about 300
of them, and so we've chosen to pay them so that when the retailers come back online, we will be ready
to go. And we expect when those off-price retailers come back, the volume will be pretty good.

And then on the appliance side, which is the third channel, those are up. Those are essential. And so we're
still doing deliveries for them. In some areas, it's just to the doorstep, not inside, but in other areas, it is
still inside. That volume, in general, is down 10% or 15%, but it is still up and going. And so -- and that is
50-50 of company employees and non-asset on the appliance side. And so we're agnostic, and we'll price
both of them to a customer and let them pick and choose on how they do that.

Operator

The next question will come from the line of Todd Fowler with KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Todd Clark Fowler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

I guess maybe, Nick, just to put kind of a bow on the overall Dedicated comments that you have, I think
that I understand what you're saying about the reduction in the net adds. But can you help us think --
Darren gave some comments on his expectations for Intermodal volumes. I would think in 1Q, there was
probably some benefit of the pantry stocking that was happening. How should we think about overall
Dedicated revenue maybe on a year-over-year basis as we move into the second quarter and the rest of
the year? And then to the other question about the margin profile, if we do see revenues decline, how
would you expect the margins in the Dedicated segment to hold up?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Nicholas Hobbs
Executive VP & President of Dedicated Contract Services

Okay. I would just tell you that, typically in Q2, we see a big spring surge for home improvement, and
so that kicks our volume up and our revenue up at some of those accounts. We haven't really seen that.
We've seen a little bit but not a lot. But what I've kind of seen and what I've looked at is we had a pretty
good Q1, and our volume is still across the board very consistent in Dedicated compared to Q1 of this
year, and it's maintaining. Yes, it's been shifted around at different customers, but we're not seeing that
fall off any. So at this point, we feel good about our volume being about the same as what it was in Q1,
but you would typically see our volume surge up some.

On margins, I will still tell you that the margins, 11% to 13%, ought to be a pretty good goalpost for us to
hit. But again, there's a lot of moving parts, but I think we feel very comfortable with what we're seeing at
this point in Q2.

Todd Clark Fowler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Great. That's helpful. And then just for my follow-up, Shelley, I'd be curious to get your commentary on
shipper behavior right now in the market. Are you seeing shippers thinking about modal change, more
demand for one service versus the other? Obviously, available truck capacity or more available truck
capacity, I'm just curious kind of what the shipper response in the market has been. If there has been
some changes within the last 4 to 6 weeks?

Shelley Simpson
Corporate Executive VP, Chief Commercial Officer & President of Highway Services

Okay. I think that each time that we have had a -- what I would call a crisis in the market, we tend to
accelerate our relationship with our customers. And I would tell you, I feel like during this crisis, we are
doing that very thing. I think John Kuhlow mentioned this in his opening remarks, but we're really focused
on 2 key objectives here in the second quarter. The first one is taking care of our people and making sure
that that's first and foremost that we're taking care of our people and each other. And the second one is
meeting our customers' promises. And as a result of that, I would tell you, Todd, every customer needs
something a little bit different. The customers that Nick talked about that are very robust right now on
the grocery side, those customers are really utilizing all of our services across the company, and we're
bringing as much capacity as needed to help them, I would say, in nearly every segment and every service
that we do business. With other customers that are shut down, we're having a different conversation with
them.

To add on to what Darren said about this season, I also think that probably 80% to 90% of our customers
have stayed on the path of what they're doing from a bid perspective. The other ones are just in a wait-
and-see environment. I think our mix of business is fairly healthy, and thankfully for us, the customers
that are doing well, we tend to do a lot of business with those customers as well. And I think that that has
helped us coming into this. I think our customers are open minded. If we look back to any point in time
that we had a downturn or pressure from a profit or revenue perspective at a customer level, they're very
open minded to doing business the most efficient way that we can do business together. So I would say
every customer is pretty open minded as to what we need to do and how we need to grow.

And then lastly, I have seen our customers lean more into us, wanting to do more business. If you look
at just -- I've got this maybe from a highway perspective, but this would pretty much be across the
board, how we did the most business with, I would say, small to mid-sized customers. You see our largest
customers, mid- to large customers, really doing much better during this COVID crisis than you see our
small, even some medium and micro shippers. Those are the customers that are either shut down or
trying to work through the crisis and having a little more difficult time in total. And that's who we're being
more flexible with. They tend to be in our Highway Services. So for them, the price will be fluid. And if the
market is going down, we'll be able to help them save money.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Our next question will come from the line of Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan.

Brian Patrick Ossenbeck
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Darren, just wanted to ask you about rail service expectations. Clearly, there's some pretty significant
declines going on, on those networks, and I think maybe relative to the last couple of years, there's more
integration, more blending and balancing so to speak within those service lines. So do you think that's
going to have any impact on what you would expect from an Intermodal service perspective as they look
at down volume 20%, 30% in some cases?

Darren P. Field
Executive VP & President of Intermodal

The Intermodal service we're experiencing in our network today, their capacity available and on-time
performance of the trains is the best in my 25-year career. And I think that's probably because of their
decline in volumes. And certainly, they implemented operating plans, many of them over the last 3 or
4 years that are working out and having some success. But yes, it is, and I believe, that right now rail
service is the best we have ever experienced.

Brian Patrick Ossenbeck
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And just a follow-up for Shelley on the brokerage side. With the volatility even beginning in the
year, it does seem like there's a decent amount of competition. Has that really changed at all as you've
seen even more of that in the last couple of weeks on the way up and the way down? Do you think there's
going to be -- this is going to trigger any sort of consolidation? And how people really lean towards 360 in
this environment, has it driven a material benefit? Or anything you can really pinpoint would be helpful.

Shelley Simpson
Corporate Executive VP, Chief Commercial Officer & President of Highway Services

Brian, I would say we haven't seen any dramatic change from a competitive landscape. I think that how
we started the year, it is similar to that as we stand today. I do think that because the fragmentation
of brokers, there are some brokerage companies that aren't doing as well, and so they are a lot more
aggressive, particularly in the spot environment. I have seen our customers really stay to the providers
that they have selected already, whether it's asset or non-asset, so I haven't seen a huge fall off
from a published business or awarded business moving to someone else. I think from a consolidation
perspective, I think it's been difficult from a brokerage perspective to weather the storm. If you think
about the cyclicality of brokerage, we really started seeing a -- the shift happen in 2019 as the market was
correcting.

From a brokerage perspective, brokers were really changing the price while PTE was rising in total. And
that's some of what I commented in December and January. The supply side is starting to tighten. I think
that that part of the business will continue to have some push as we've moved into second quarter and
PTE has had pressure on it downward because shipments aren't as plentiful. It comes down to how much
can the price really change before that impacts the supply side of the equation. And then I think there
could be consolidation as a result from both brokerage and from the carrier perspective.

From a 360 perspective, we have gained more confidence through this crisis that our platform is actually
helping us perform more agile and be very open and transparent about the data with our customers. What
we have found is our customers are leaning in more to us from a total shipment perspective. I believe on
the earnings release, we reported that our shipment count grew 44% in the platform, and that's a direct
result of what we're doing in the Truckload space. Our customers have also leaned into us from a 360box
perspective. As they have started learning what we can do from a platform, really putting together the
right truck on the right load at the right time, they start to see that change their business in total, and
that's how we started and why we started our 360box business.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Our customers in Q1 leaned into that part of our model, and we actually had a slight increase in revenue
from our plan in Q1. We feel comfortable with that plan. And the complementary nature between the drop
and hook part of the business over the market, which is about half of the TL market with the live load
business, which is the other half of the market, we think that's part of the inefficiency that exists. And
when you put those 2 networks together, that we can create a more efficient network. Our customers are
leaning into that, and we feel comfortable about our growth plans in 360.

Operator

The next question will come from the line of Tom Wadewitz with UBS.

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Yes. So I wanted to see if you could offer some perspective perhaps, John, just in terms of this cycle
maybe compared to '08, '09. It seems like '08, '09 is kind of the best comparison we have in terms of
a sharp decline in freight. And your thoughts on how this might be -- is that a good comparison? Is this
likely to be similar? Or are there reasons it would likely be different? And I guess in particular, within
that, if we look at Intermodal performance, you did see some pressure on price, and you saw some pretty
considerable pressure on margin in 2009, but maybe it's a little different this time around. So appreciate
any thoughts you have on the kind of cycle comparison.

John N. Roberts
President, CEO & Director

Yes. We spent some time going back and thinking about how we got into that recession, what the drivers
were and then the results coming out of it. Nick and I had a good conversation today about what channels
were open during that time that kind of closed down on us and how we sort of remodeled the portfolio.
And that's really the time in DCS, where we pointed our efforts more towards private fleets away from
capacity management. That doesn't completely take us out of the churn in a downturn and then the
outcoming results from the recovery, but we think that we've got a better view there, and we'll, no doubt,
see some impacts going in. But our approach on that side of the business is to serve the customer in
every way that we can knowing that it's a long game, and so we really stay away from and have benefited
from not getting too short term in our thinking or our approach really with any of our segments.

On our trucking and highway business, I'm so much more encouraged and confident in that business
because of all the work that's been done in everything from the geographies that we serve, the length of
hauls that we're in, the way we've set the equipment up, there's a lot more versatility there. So as far as
going into a downturn and then how we come back out, I think we'll be more nimble and more quick to be
able to respond. When you own every truck and every trailer, there's only so much you can do, and that
can really put pressure on pricing and margins and performance that takes a long time to recover from. I
think we'll see that differently coming out.

On Intermodal, it's a good answer going into a recovery depending on pricing or has historically been. I
think that fuel is a big deal in Intermodal that can be a real plus or maybe not an event and I think with
low fuel prices. And I expect that they'll stay low for a while, so we'll probably see that be a little different
from the past. In total though, I really feel like we're in as good a position as we've ever been. Our pricing
approach is so much more rich and robust than it's ever been in the past. Our timing of response is so
much better than it's ever been. I mean we are coming from months to weeks now, where we can see
changes in the markets that we serve and are able to respond so much more quickly. And I predict that
will even get better. I think the more data we get into our system, the better we're going to be able to
respond as we start to come out of what would be considered, I guess, a downturn. That's what we're
expecting anyway. I don't know if you guys want to add anything to that.

Shelley Simpson
Corporate Executive VP, Chief Commercial Officer & President of Highway Services

I would say, I think that the level of data that we have that John talked about has grown exponentially,
and today, we use that data primarily from a human perspective. So we spend a lot of time from a people

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

perspective validating what is or is not happening with customers, carriers, with our own drivers and the
work that we're doing. In our future, we are working towards more machine learning and AI. That will
do more prediction and be able to solve for that more in real time. So what John talked about that would
take us weeks has moved to only a couple of weeks to days. At this point, that still has too much human
interaction in that process, and the machine can learn over a period of time with the right level of data.

And so for perspective inside 360, we set new records in both February and March in the key statistics that
we watch, and then we've taken another step change here in April. So of the 40-plus stats that we watch,
75% of those broke new records here in the last week to 2 weeks and has continued to move forward. So
the level of data is growing by almost triple digit. And any time that you can do that and actually use the
machine to do, it's very difficult on a human level to consume it, but at the machine level, I think solving
for that over the next 1, 2, 3 years will change the way we can do business and be able to offer better
answers for our customers.

Nicholas Hobbs
Executive VP & President of Dedicated Contract Services

And I would just say on the Dedicated side that our base of business is so much more solid today than
it was back in '08 and '09. And we don't have as much quasi dedicated in there. It's more solid private
fleets. And so I think we're more rock solid base to be able to weather the storm even better than we did
in '08 and '09.

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

That's all very helpful. I just had a brief follow-up. Shelley, with respect to Intermodal contract pricing, I
mean you have more data. You're better at responding yourself, but you still don't control the market. So
do you think -- I mean is it realistic to expect that truckload contract and intermodal contract pricing will
be meaningfully down if rate stays weak for a while? Or do you think there's a chance we don't see that on
the Intermodal side?

Shelley Simpson
Corporate Executive VP, Chief Commercial Officer & President of Highway Services

Yes. So we did say, in general, across all the businesses, it is a longer-term play from a bid perspective.
So any customer that's in the spot market, they're going to get the benefit or the other side of what's
happening from a price perspective. And so there are some customers that are in the spot market, and
those customers, we want to help get through that spot market. So if they want to take advantage of
what's happening in the market today, we talk to them about being fluid in their pricing approach, and
we're very open minded to that across our business in total. But I would say I don't think that being
down meaningfully would play into this bid season. We are too far into the bid season. Our cost structure,
everything is longer term, be very difficult for us to offer significant discounts off of our base cost that we
have today.

Operator

The final question will come from the line of Ben Hartford with Baird.

Benjamin John Hartford
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Shelley, just a final point on the supply situation, what you're seeing within the brokerage market. The
comment that you had made about changing the payment terms in March I think is interesting and then
the approach that you guys are taking from a cash management standpoint. But I guess first thing, with
regard to the change in payment terms in 360, do you anticipate that being a permanent change? And if
so I guess in the context of the cash collection cycles being constrained throughout 2Q and 3Q presumably
across the industry, do you see this as an opportunity to kind of accelerate the build-out of scale attracting
supply into the 360 platform? And to what extent does that change in payment terms play into that?

Shelley Simpson

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Corporate Executive VP, Chief Commercial Officer & President of Highway Services

Yes. So we did offer those carriers payment terms changes for the month of April, but we're also walking
them through how they can get paid all for free within 2 days. And so that payment is made available to
them over the long term. And so if a carrier is interacting in 360 and they perform their work inside the
platform, they upload their bills, give us their -- the documentation and they're paid back to their checking
account in 2 days all for free, there's a significant change for them over a factoring company that may be
paying a much higher percentage to in total. And we do think that's an important component to building
scale in the platform. So we are very close to the carrier community and walking them through how they
can take advantage of that.

Benjamin John Hartford
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

And then just to be clear, as you see the balance of the year now within ICS on the gross margin and
on the EBIT line, the level of compression in the first quarter from a gross margin perspective and the
operating losses, are these representative run rates in your mind as you kind of play out the year? I know
it's very unclear, the year. But just trying to get a sense for was it unique this quarter and it'll kind of
normalize back up a little bit and still run operating losses. Or is this kind of a new run rate through the
balance of the year?

Shelley Simpson
Corporate Executive VP, Chief Commercial Officer & President of Highway Services

Well, certainly, I think it's too early to call the entire year. I think I could talk about the next couple of
weeks and have a lot of confidence. And then as we get past that, I get less and less confident. Again,
we're spending a lot of time taking care of our people and focusing on meeting the promises of our
customers. Those are our 2 objectives. I do think here in April, maybe over the next couple of weeks,
margins have improved as shipments have declined in total, and we've come off of those higher margins
going or higher PTE numbers in total. I did talk about being 35% over plan. I would expect to be under
plan in Q2 in total from the scaling part of our business, but it'd be way too early for me to call what I
think will happen for the year. I would say we're committed to our long-term plan of building the most
efficient transportation network. And to do that, we have to be scaled. And so that is going to be our focus
over the short and long term.

A. Brad Delco
Vice President of Finance & Investor Relations

Ben, this is Brad. Just to kind of reiterate the comments I made on my opening remarks. As you should
expect, gross margins will fluctuate based on the relationship between supply and demand in the markets
we serve. Clearly, that relationship was quite challenged in Q1, so we have seen the market loosen up. So
hopefully, that would imply we've seen a little bit of relief on net revenue margins at least thus far in April.

Operator

With that, we have reached our allotted time for questions. I'll hand it back to the speakers for closing
remarks.

John N. Roberts
President, CEO & Director

Thank you. This is John Roberts. I'll just close this by saying that on March 13, we called a meeting with
our executive team without much time and said on Monday -- that was a Friday -- Monday, we would be
working remotely in response to a coming pandemic and unknown challenges. We have responded to that
in a way that I really didn't fully appreciate or expect. And I just would -- like many CEOs I've seen on
CNBC, I'm incredibly proud of the people in this company for the way they're handling this unknown.

And I've talked to some folks downstairs earlier today about just cultures don't lie. And I think in all
the conversations we're having about rates and loads and volume and equipment and CapEx, that's
vitally important, no doubt, but underneath all of that is a team of 30,000 people that are picking up and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

delivering freight every single day, taking care of customers, making sure we keep this place healthy and
solid. And that is, I think, something we should not overlook. We appreciate your time today. We look
forward to talking to you in the coming weeks.

Operator
And this does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation and ask that you
please disconnect your line.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 14, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

