J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:JBHT
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 15, 2021 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.18

1.37

Revenue  (mm)

2507.66

2618.15

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-15-2021 9:50 PM GMT

16.10

4.41

1.46

6.13

7.25

2601.88

10909.91

11846.84

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.85

1.29

1.31

1.18

1.14

1.18

1.44

1.37

34.12 %

(8.53 %)

9.92 %

16.10 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

A. Brad Delco
Vice President of Finance &
Investor Relations

Bradley W. Hicks
Executive VP & President of
Highway Services

Darren P. Field
Executive VP & President of
Intermodal

John Kuhlow
Executive VP, CFO, Controller &
Chief Accounting Officer

John N. Roberts
President, CEO & Director

Nicholas Hobbs
President of Contract Services,
Executive VP & COO

Shelley Simpson
Chief Commercial Officer and
Executive VP of People & Human
Resources

ANALYSTS

Brian Patrick Ossenbeck
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Christian F. Wetherbee
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

David Scott Vernon
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Jonathan B. Chappell
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Justin Trennon Long
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Kenneth Scott Hoexter
BofA Securities, Research Division

Ravi Shanker
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Allison M. Landry
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Todd Clark Fowler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Amit Singh Mehrotra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Bascome Majors
Susquehanna Financial Group,
LLLP, Research Division

Brandon Robert Oglenski
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Greetings. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the J.B. Hunt First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call.
[Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator
Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Brad Delco, Vice President of Finance
and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

A. Brad Delco
Vice President of Finance & Investor Relations

Good afternoon.

Before I introduce the speakers, I would like to take some time to provide some disclosures regarding
forward-looking statements. This call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expects, anticipates, intends, estimates or
similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. These statements are based
on J.B. Hunt's current plans and expectations and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause future
activities and results to be materially different from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.
For information regarding risk factors, please refer to J.B. Hunt's annual report on Form 10-K and other
reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Now I'd like to introduce the speakers on today's call. This afternoon, I'm joined by our CEO, John
Roberts; our CFO, John Kuhlow; Shelley Simpson, our Chief Commercial Officer and EVP of People and
Human Resources; Nick Hobbs, our Chief Operating Officer and President of Contract Services; Brad Hicks,
President of Highway Services; and Darren Field, President of Intermodal.

At this time, I'd like to turn the call to our CEO, Mr. John Roberts, for some opening comments. John?

John N. Roberts
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Brad.

As we discussed during our last call, we entered 2021 with a cautious but informed positive outlook on
what we could expect in terms of demand and inventory replenishment needs from our customers. Aside
from the temporary disruptions presented by weather events in February, most of the data supports a
generally optimistic view of those expectations and encourages our direction going forward.

As we evaluate current market conditions and the needs of our customers, we have determined that an
increase in our capital investment plan is warranted. Accordingly, we are announcing a 40% increase in
our originally saved plans to enable the procurement of incremental containers, trailers and the needed
supporting equipment such as chassis and tractors for JBI. The new projections for our capital investments
now reach $1.25 billion for this year, a clear milestone for our company.

We have secured contracts to increase our container fleet by another 6,000 units in 2021 for Intermodal,
bringing our net addition target to approximately 12,000 units for 2021, a little over 1,000 of which are
temperature-controlled containers. We are also increasing our trailer fleet in highway services by 1,500
units, bringing the total fleet expansion to 3,000 for 2021. All of these equates to just above an 80%
increase to our original container growth plan and a 100% increase to our treasure fleet expansion plans
for our 360box programs. John Kuhlow will add his comments on our capital expenditures in his remarks.

Let's discuss margins. After announcing our plans to issue clarification for all segment margin targets
during our last call and with the understanding that we have had these margin goals under specific review
for over a year, we will reestablish our targets with you here today.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2021

For Intermodal, we lower our margin goals from 11% to 13% to 10% to 12%. The fundamental reason
for this structural change is that it presents the company with the ability to grow with and serve our
customers while also generating an appropriate and sustainable ROI fee. As a component of this
adjustment, we also see opportunities to improve our asset utilization box turns per month and to
evaluate our tractor and chassis ratios, all of which would be positive for the business and returns.

For DCS, we increased our margin goals from 11% to 13% to 12% to 14%. While this change appears
to be a step-up in margin expectation, it is actually the realization of a fundamental increase in the fleet
size, which allows growth and start-up expenses to occur without disrupting the core business as it has in
the past. Another element revealing clarity for the fleet business is the removal of the final mile activities
which require a lower margin given the lighter asset requirements. As discussed, the margins are set to
provide an appropriate return for each business and given the asset intensity of DCS, a higher margin has
always been needed.

For JBT, we are adjusting our margin range from 8% to 12% to between 8% and 10%. The primary reason
for this change is a recognition of a lighter asset position as we focus our investments on adding trailers
and not tractors going forward. We do point out that we are in the early stages of transforming this model
focused on more trailers and will continue to evaluate the margin requirements and market support to
achieve growth in the appropriate ROIC levels to reinvest.

For ITS, we reaffirm our long-term target margin range between 4% and 6%. And for Final Mile Services,
we reaffirm our long-term target margin rate between 4% and 8%. Each segment leader will add
comments on the main drivers for these margin targets and the resulting ROIC expectations going
forward.

Final comment from me on the availability of professional drivers for our asset-based businesses and our
carrier providers is under unusual pressure currently. While we have faced driver hiring issues at varying
degrees of difficulty during previous tightening cycles, we see the current pressure being meaningfully
more pronounced and likely prolonged. Shelley and Nick will add more color on our prospectives.

Accordingly, we are taking some unique steps in our efforts to address this critical challenge. These
include reducing the eligibility time for new driver benefits from 90 to 30 days, expanding efforts to
explore new ways to train and mentor new entrants to the field of professional drivers, and, of course, a
comprehensive overview of driver wages and compensation.

All in, we believe we are advantaged by our brand, our recruiting and hiring systems, a focus on retention
and the vitally important increasing efforts in improving our inclusion and awareness for the vast diversity
currently in place with our amazing driver and field management teams.

I will now turn the call over to John Kuhlow for his comments.

John Kuhlow
Executive VP, CFO, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer

Thank you, Don, and good afternoon, everyone.

I'd like to start by providing a couple of comments on our first quarter of 2021 from a consolidated
perspective. Given the weather and other constraints facing the industry, we are pleased with our revenue,
operating income and EPS growth for this quarter with notable achievements in our Highway Services
revenue as both ICS and JBT were up significantly over the prior year quarter.

With respect to weather, we previously guided to a $15 million to $20 million estimated operating
income impact from the February winter storms. In closing the quarter, we determined this impact to be
approximately $17 million, which primarily includes lost opportunities within our Intermodal segment of
approximately 25,000 loads.

Other cost pressures in the quarter were primarily related to higher driver costs to attract and retain
drivers and higher costs across our various networks and operations due to congestion and the overall
labor tightness from increased freight demand and capacity constraints.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2021

You'll note, we ended the quarter with approximately $550 million in cash, with this being driven in part
by a review of the capital investments that John had highlighted. We had previously guided CapEx to be
between $850 million and $900 million for 2021, and we are now updating that to $1.25 billion, primarily
driven by the Intermodal container adds and the trailers for our 360box program. This investment is
supported by the current environment, but also our longer-term outlook.

While not specifically included in the CapEx plans, our cash and liquidity also allows for further
consolidation in our Final Mile businesses as opportunities may arise.

With regards to margins, as noted, the conclusion of our review of our segmented margin targets was
informed by the current and future state of our business segment. In terms of our desired returns on
capital, our revenue quality capital intensity and the desired market penetration rates. Other inputs to
our ranges include underlying risks regarding the nature of our customer contracts, both in terms of
reciprocated commitments and contract duration.

Finally, from a capital allocation standpoint, we continued stock buybacks in the quarter but found
less opportunity in the back half and then sell into our blackout period. While we have guided towards
significant capital investment, we still anticipate continuing our buyback approach throughout 2021.

A final note on COVID costs. We continue to offer pay time low -- or excuse me, paid time-off, or PTO,
to employees that have needed to quarantine. During the quarter, we committed to providing PTO to
employees to allow them to be vaccinated, thereby ensuring their W-2 is not impacted when needing
time away from work to be vaccinated. We have been working with local health care organizations to host
vaccine clinics at our corporate headquarters to provide vaccinations to employees, their adult family
members and other eligible community members.

Together, we have inoculated more than 13,000 members of our community and are working with our field
employees to provide vaccination assistance under applicable area guidelines and procedures. As a result
of these efforts, we have incurred approximately $8 million in costs in the current quarter, designated at
specific COVID costs compared to the $15 million that we experienced in first quarter of 2020.

That concludes my remarks, and I'd like to now turn it over to Shelley.

Shelley Simpson
Chief Commercial Officer and Executive VP of People & Human Resources

Thank you, John, and good afternoon.

My commercial update this afternoon will focus on general market conditions and our expectations for the
year as well as an update on the progress we are making as an organization with our 360 platform.

As John alluded to earlier, we entered 2021 with cautious optimism about the opportunities presented to
us. These opportunities include a means to recover from the costs incurred last year as we honored our
commitment to customers, but equally as important, the opportunities to solve capacity challenges for
and on behalf of our customers. Those capacity challenges for our customers remain very present in the
current landscape and will likely persist throughout 2021, highlighted by a tight labor market, elevated
cost to procure capacity and overall lack of supply chain fluidity.

As an organization, we remain committed and focused on meeting the needs of our customers, honoring
our commitment and doing so by striving towards our mission to create the most efficient transportation
network in North America.

I remain encouraged by the level of discussion and interaction with our customers on the very important
subjects of revenue quality, capacity and cost. And while our view on pricing is a little more elevated today
than what we discussed on our last earnings call, the reality is that our cost to serve is also higher. This
cost presents itself primarily in our labor cost as well in the utilization of our assets or equipment turns.
We, and the industry as a whole, are facing meaningful cost pressures to recruit, hire, train and retain
qualified professional truck drivers to meet the capacity needs of our customers.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2021

As our future outlook on cost remains fluid, so will our approach to price. To ensure that our investments
should meet the capacity needs of our customers are supported with our expectations for an appropriate
rate of return. These returns support our ability to continue to invest in our assets, which are our people
and our equipment as well as our investments in technology to serve the growing needs of our customers.
And as we prepare for record equipment adds this year, we are working very closely with our customers on
equipment turns and forecast to enable better network fluidity.

Shifting gears to our J.B. Hunt 360 platform. I could not be more excited about the progress we are
making as well as the opportunities we have ahead. In the last quarter, I've been extremely encouraged
by the level of engagement we are seeing in the platform from our carriers and shippers as our KPIs in
this area continue to break new records weekly and monthly.

We remain focused on reducing friction across the supply chain, making it easier for shippers and carriers
to match in our system to optimize and transact in real time. One of our big areas of focus is on improving
visibility and transparency across the supply chain, and we are encouraged about the opportunities we
have to make progress in these areas supported by our recently announced alliance with Google as we
collaborate and co-innovate on solving some of the industry's biggest problems.

I am extremely proud and excited for all the opportunities presented to us and our ability to solve for
our customers' needs, utilizing our people, products and services. Our diversified services, or our Scroll,
powered by our technology platform, continues to be valued in the marketplace and supported by our
customers leaning into us to solve for their needs.

Finally, as I've recently added the role of EVP of People and Human Resources, I would like to share
how encouraged at you about the work we are doing, enhancing our inclusive culture. While early in our
journey, I see our organization leading in this area and with more to discuss and to share in the future.

I'd now like to turn it over to Nick.

Nicholas Hobbs
President of Contract Services, Executive VP & COO

Thank you, Shelley, and good afternoon.

I'm going to spend a few minutes today dealing now with several areas and topics, including the
current driver environment, the results and performance of Dedicated with some additional context for
the updated margin target range that John mentioned earlier. And finally, I'll review the results and
performance of our Final Mile Services segment.

I'll start with some quick thoughts and comments around the driver market. In my opinion, the industry
is facing the most challenged driver market that I've seen in my 37-year career at J.B. Hunt. We estimate
that the decrease of the driving school applicants and graduates, the drug and alcohol clearinghouse, and
the impact presented by the pandemic combined has resulted in approximately 220,000 fewer drivers
available to meet industry capacity needs. As a result, we are taking a comprehensive approach to attract
and retain our professional driving workforce, including adjustments to our wages and benefits while also
focusing on the quality of the job.

We believe we have some of the best waged professional drivers, professional driving jobs in the industry
across our portfolio of services, including intermodal-grade, dedicated, truck and final mile services. Over
90% of our driving docks are local and regional, providing consistent routes and opportunities for more
home time.

On Dedicated results. Dedicated continues to perform and respond in an agile fashion and the challenges
thrown at it. Despite several weather-related disruptions in the quarter, DCS delivered its highest order
revenue and operating income in our company's history. I believe that it is a testament to our operations
team and professional drivers who responded and worked to recover for our customers, all while staying
focused on safe execution and the efficient utilization of our assets. As a result, customers continued
to see value in the quality and flexibility of our professional outsourced private fleet solutions as also

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2021

evidenced by our strong pipeline. We ended the first quarter selling approximately 380 trucks in DCS as
we are off to a strong start in 2021, all while customer retention rates remain above 98%.

Regarding everyone's favorite topic about margins. We believe it is prudent to update the market on our
targeted market margin range, which now stands at 12% to 14% for the DCS segment from the previous
range of 11% to 13%.

Informing us of this decision is the following: our value proposition, scale, efficiency as well as the capital
intensity of our business. More importantly, it is worth noting that nothing in our pricing model has
changed but rather what has revealed itself is the realization that the current scale of our operations
presents us an opportunity to grow the business while experiencing less drag and start-up costs
associated with customer growth. Said a different way, we see the same opportunity presented to us
today to balance our desire to grow well into the future while maintaining discipline around our returns on
capital.

I'll wrap up my comments on Final Mile Services. Final Mile Services was able to deliver a strong
performance in the quarter as the continuation of fourth quarter peak season-like strength in our business
rolled into Q1, which has not been the seasonal norm. While weather did disrupt the business temporarily,
we were able to recover and get our customers' goods delivered and only experienced a modest impact
to overall performance as a result. We remain active in conversations to grow and scale with our current
and new customers across our footprint and plan to capitalize on these opportunities throughout the year.
Additionally, we'll continue to invest to ensure we deliver a differentiated product focused on the high
standards of service, safety and customer satisfaction.

With regards to margins, we are maintaining our targeted range of 4% to 8%. Our growth trajectory of
our asset and non-asset Final Mile Service offerings will continue to influence where we fall within that
range as we gain greater scale with our value-added services.

That concludes my remarks, so I'll turn it over to Brad Hicks.

Bradley W. Hicks
Executive VP & President of Highway Services

Thank you, Nick.

The organization's excitement and enthusiasm for our Highway Services business continues to be
evidenced by the progress in our results and further supported by the opportunities our customers present
us with to provide needed capacity solutions. My comments today will briefly touch on some of the
highlights of our Highway Services businesses, which includes both Integrated Capacity Solutions, or ICS,
and Truck, or JBT. In short, the marketplace for J.B. Hunt 360 continues to provide our customers capacity
solutions utilizing a combination of our multimodal digital freight platform, while complemented with our
drop trailer pools powered by J.B. Hunt 360.

I'll start with ICS. ICS was able to deliver revenue of $525 million or 56% growth over the prior year and
delivered operating income of $7 million, which is now the second consecutive quarter of profitability since
our journey along our digital transformation. Similar to the fourth quarter of 2020, the quarter presented
us with opportunities to help customers source capacity effectively and efficiently on our platform in an
otherwise constrained market environment.

Segment volumes were down 1% year-over-year, driven by a decline of LTL volumes, offset, however,
by truckload volumes, which were up 10% in the quarter. Higher spot market opportunities, higher
contractual rates and the previously mentioned mix change contributed to the 58% increase in gross
revenue per load. Going forward, we will remain focused on balancing the right mix of volume growth
opportunities presented to us as we remain committed to our investments in 3 key areas: our people, our
technology and scaling the platform. As John alluded to earlier, our margin target remains 4% to 6% in
this segment, which we believe is achievable as we move beyond our heavy investment cycle, achieve
scale and as the business model matures.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2021

In JBT, or Truck, the segment was able to deliver 43% year-over-year growth in first quarter revenue,
following just shy of $150 million. Operating income was $10 million, which is the highest for a first
quarter since 2007. Growth in the segment continues to be driven by non-asset and asset-light service
offerings powered and supported by the J.B. Hunt 360 platform.

As JBT has shifted to more of an asset-light model, we have an ability to provide trailing capacity to
customers that may be hauled by either J.B. Hunt-owned equipment, our independent contractors or
power-only capacity sourced through the platform. This is our 360box offering. Demand for this service is
strong and supports the previously disclosed 100% increase to our prior trailer fleet investment for 2021.

Our margin targets in JBT are now 8% to 10% from the prior 8% to 12%, which recognizes the shift to
a more asset-light model. That said, and similar to Final Mile services, our performance relative to those
targets will be dependent on the asset intensity of the business as it evolves. But as always, our returns
on capital remain the core focus of our investments to grow this business.

In closing, I would just like to reiterate the excitement and growth opportunities we see across our
highway services portfolio to solve for our customers' needs in an efficient, and as Shelley alluded to
earlier, more frictionless way. We remain committed to our investments in our people, technology and
scaling the platform, which includes our investment to expand our 360box program.

That concludes my comments, and I'll pass it over to Darren.

Darren P. Field
Executive VP & President of Intermodal

Thank you, Brad. Hello to everyone.

Today, I will provide some additional details on our first quarter performance, give you some thoughts
about network fluidity and balance, provide some perspective on the demand and pricing environment and
cap it off with comments on our updated capital investment and target margin range that John highlighted
earlier.

Volumes declined 3% in the quarter. Broken down by month, that's plus 3% in January, a 16% decline
in February and plus 4% in March. As we called out in the earnings release, the weather challenges in
the quarter are estimated to have impacted us by 25,000 Intermodal loads primarily in February, but
the effects did carry over into March. The rail network has shown signs of improvement so far in April.
Although we are not fully back to pre weather service levels we have and continue to expect to see
improvement as we move through the second quarter.

While rail challenges are well-known, another challenge we face is what we refer to as customer street
time, which has increased as our customers are falling behind on unloading inbound delivered units in a
timely manner. We believe both the rail terminal congestion and the customer unloading challenges are
direct results of labor challenges.

Inside our operation, driver hiring continues to be a significant challenge and the industry will take on
higher wages in order to attract and retain new drivers. We fully expect the same is true for the rail
terminal contractors and customer warehouse labor. Demand for our intermodal service remains at
incredibly strong levels. The pricing market is performing at a level to cover our cost increases from last
year as we honored our commitments as well as the inflationary cost pressures we are experiencing
this year related to driver hiring. Certainly, the increasing driver wage and rail costs are topics with our
customers, but we are also highlighting the velocity challenges and the cost of equipment ownership.

As you should be able to conclude, the pricing environment supports our decision to add additional
capacity to our fleet, as John highlighted earlier and as we discussed last quarter. During the last call, we
said we expected pricing to come in at high single to low double-digit increases. And at this point, we feel
more optimistic about things trending towards the higher end of that range adjusting for mix.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2021

As we entered the quarter, just over 10% of our business had implemented 21 bid cycle rates. By the end
of the quarter, just over 40% of the volume had current bid cycle rates. We will expect that to climb to
70% by the end of Q2 and the remainder to finalize during Q3.

As John covered in his opening comments, we have adjusted the margin target range to 10% to 12%.
We have highlighted many times that we remain focused on generating the appropriate return on our
invested capital in the business. And while margins are an output of achieving our targeted returns,
returns are also influenced by other factors, including asset turns, capital intensity and consideration
of contribution per load. We believe this new target range strikes the right balance between generating
appropriate returns that support reinvestment to capitalize on what we believe is a long sustainable
growth opportunity presented by the market.

The future of Intermodal remains bright as it provides an economically attractive alternative to some of
the challenges our industry is facing, including the driver market, higher fuel cost, capacity, the carbon
intensity of the supply chain and the need for investment in public infrastructure.

Also as John highlighted, we have expanded our container order in 2021 to approximately 12,000 new
containers, including both dry and temp-controlled that will begin to arrive in Q2 and continue through the
end of the year.

As we have moved through the current bid cycle, it is clear that our customers want more capacity
from us and we are responding. The commitments from our customers thus far during bid season fully
support this additional investment in capacity. We are confident that focusing and delivering value to
our customers will support the appropriate returns needed to invest to meet their needs and put us on a
strong path toward long sustainable growth.
That concludes my prepared comments.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] While I compile the Q&A roster, I will turn the floor over to Brad Delco.

A. Brad Delco
Vice President of Finance & Investor Relations

Yes, thank you. And just -- we've presented a lot to you guys there. We know our prepared comments
went long, so we are going to cut you off with one question just this one quarter. So I appreciate you guys
following those instructions.

Operator

And your first question comes from the line of Allison Landry with CrÃ©dit Suisse.

Allison M. Landry
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

So I just wanted to see how we could think through the ROIC on Intermodal. I mean, obviously, you
talked about the lower margin target, which you alluded to on Q4, but it sounds like what you're saying is
that the returns on invested capital are not going to change. So maybe if you could help us think through
that.

And then just maybe more broadly, you've moved the business towards -- or moving the business towards
a more asset-light model. Just curious on your thoughts or expectations for longer-term consolidated
ROIC.

Bradley W. Hicks
Executive VP & President of Highway Services

Well, let me first touch on Intermodal, Allison. Appreciate the question.

At the end of the day, at times in the past -- we know it's been a while since we ran in the 11% to 13%
at times in the past. Since that time, our revenue per load has increased substantially 2018. And again,
this year, prices are increasing pretty rapidly, so have costs, leaving us at a profitability level on a per load
basis that is still similar to even better than it used to be when we were in the 11% to 13% range, which
translates to returns on invested capital in Intermodal even at a slightly weaker margin that are still as
good as they used to be. And that's really what's driving some of that conversation.

And I'll let Kuhlow probably speak to more on the enterprise side.

John Kuhlow
Executive VP, CFO, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer

Yes. So Allison, we look at really ROIC from -- we manage it from a consolidated basis. And so we
obviously have investments in the individual segments, different times. For example, we announced the
increase in the container order, that's a huge capital investment in the current year. But we look at that
overall investment over the 20-year life of this.

And so we manage the balance of the segments on a consolidated basis, and those are going to increase
and decrease just depending on the level of investment that we have at that time.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Chris Wetherbee with Citi.

Christian F. Wetherbee
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2021

I wanted to stay on Intermodal, if I could, and ask about the 12,000 containers. I guess what I'm trying
to understand is when you look at the market today, I think you said your customers want more capacity
from you, can you talk a little bit about these containers and sort of how well they're already spoken for?

And I think taking maybe into account just sort of the core demand that's in the market, but also maybe
the sort of underutilization that's been caused by this congestion. So I guess, in other words, how long do
you think it takes to deploy those sort of actively in the market? Or do you think this actually creates a
little bit more supply relative to what demand is today?

Bradley W. Hicks
Executive VP & President of Highway Services

So I would say our customer demand is significant. And the 6,000 containers we plan to order in the --
when we announced that in the fourth quarter earnings call back in January, and the current velocity
environment just wasn't giving us as much capacity as our customers clearly wanted from us.

I'm not of the opinion that adding these containers puts an oversupply in any way into the market. I still
believe that the market will be under-supported with capacity based on velocity and some challenges
there. We've made this decision knowing that we could fully utilize those containers that we announced --
we've expanded the order on.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Jon Chappell with Evercore ISI.

Jonathan B. Chappell
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

A question for Brad Hicks and maybe Shelley. Six months ago, you guys expected ICS to turn to profit in
the back half of '21, then you went on and did a nice profit in 4Q '20. Said you expected profitability in
second half '21, did an even better profit in 1Q '21.

So the question is, are we looking at still achieving the scale that you were hoping to attain in the second
half of '21? And if that's the case, is there an even greater step-change in the profitability and the gross
margin potential of this business, especially when you layer in this collaboration that you're hoping to
achieve with Google?

Bradley W. Hicks
Executive VP & President of Highway Services

Jon, I'll take a stab and maybe send it over to Shelley to add any other further comments.

We may have been too cautious when we spoke at the end of Q4 about what the first part of this year
held. We still are in a heavy investment window as we clarified, I think, 8 quarters ago. But the market
conditions really are very favorable as we think about revenue quality and our overall ability to get the
rate at a level that accounts for the increase in PTE that we have seen. The revenue per load levels are
amongst the highest we've seen in our history, but also, too, is PTE.

And so the combination of those 2 with where we're at in our platform development, which we feel very
encouraged by as we turn into Q2, is very favorable for us. And so did that allow us to get further ahead
than we had anticipated? Certainly, the outcome and output of Q1 would reinforce that to some degree.
But we still have work to do. We still have heavy investments, but we are at a place that we are very
satisfied with on our journey. Shelley?

Shelley Simpson
Chief Commercial Officer and Executive VP of People & Human Resources

So I would add, too, we are still very focused on scaling our business. When we started our bid season
really across all of our segments, our customer alignment on cost and capacity wasn't necessarily
reflective in the feedback we were getting versus what the competitive market looks like. So if you look at
what happened in first quarter, we moved a disproportionate amount of spot shipments versus what we

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2021

have historically moved, and published volumes were lower than we expected at the beginning of the first
quarter.

As we have progressed through that quarter and even moving here into April, we have seen our customers
lean into us significantly and really giving us larger bid awards across our segments and particularly inside
highway. So I would say our beat in Q1 was a more robust environment, more spot price in general. And
as we move into Q2, I think that there will be seasonal margin pressure, in particular, having published
pricing that should be more on an annual basis.

But having said that, more specific to the work that we are working on with Google in our alliance, we still
are very focused on our co-innovation together to solve industry challenges focused primarily right now on
transparency and visibility. We do think that, that will help connect to our bottom line, which is why Brad
reaffirmed our margin targets in ICS. We are encouraged with our results. We are laser-focused on getting
to scale. Very critical to have a great platform to create that most efficient transportation network in North
America.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Ravi Shanker from Morgan Stanley.

Ravi Shanker
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just a clarification on the margin targets. I mean, it looks like you guys are obviously in IM and also a little
bit in DCS kind of keeping your margin targets flat, they were slightly down as a trade-off for higher top
line growth, which seems like a very, very reasonable approach. But what level of revenue growth roughly
are you underwriting to get to those margin targets?

A. Brad Delco
Vice President of Finance & Investor Relations

Ravi, this is Brad. We don't typically give guidance. But in terms of other things we've said publicly,
particularly around Intermodal, we believe we should be, over a long period of time, growing at a faster
rate than the market. And the reason for that is because we feel like we have some advantages. And so
that's kind of what we've talked about in Intermodal.

And then with Dedicated, I think, Nick's provided comments about what we target to sell each year, but
we're not going to give you specific revenue growth targets. We've obviously worked hard to give you guys
more transparency on what we feel like is the right margin target range that generates the appropriate
returns on our capital and allows us to continue to grow well into the future as the market presents us
those opportunities.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Scott Group with Wolfe Research.

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

So you guys have been at a -- call it, a 10% intermodal margin in the last 3 years. As the rates reset
higher, do you think you'll be closer to that 12% margin on an annualized basis? And then this $1.25
billion of CapEx, should we think about this as a one-off or a new normal?

Darren P. Field
Executive VP & President of Intermodal

Scott, this is Darren, I'll take the margin question. We just don't -- we've given you a long-term target.
And so to say we expect anything, we expect to land inside that target, and that's certainly our goal, and
that's what we come into work every day and focus on.

John Kuhlow

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2021

Executive VP, CFO, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer

Scott, this is John. From a CapEx standpoint, we've obviously elevated this. There was a little bit of
carryover from last year that we paused, just going through the pandemic, and there might be a little bit
of pull forward. But this -- I wouldn't use this as a run rate specifically. It's elevated from -- a little bit
from where our normal run rate will be going forward.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs.

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I'm just sort of curious on the Final Mile business, which was pretty strong from a profit standpoint, maybe
give some thoughts around that. And specifically, the pace has been really strong, and obviously, there's
a lot of trends fitting that. I'm just sort of curious how long do you think we can extend that outlook? I
mean would you say it's going to be fairly robust this year and beyond in the final mile trend line?

Nicholas Hobbs
President of Contract Services, Executive VP & COO

Yes. I would just -- this is Nick. I would say that we saw a lot of pull-forward quarter pushing into Q1
because of the supply chain disruption. And so that paved forward a normally very slow and our least
profitable. But really, we got a big boost on Q4 and Q1. And so we expect everything to go back to normal
in Final Mile Q2, Q3, and we'll hit our target range is where we think we'll be for the year.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Tom Wadewitz with UBS.

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Yes. I wanted to ask you a little bit more about the intermodal contract rates, and I guess you could talk
about contract rates overall if you want. Clearly, point to some strength. Is this -- it seems like a big step-
up after the February weather impact. Should we be thinking about potentially 15% contract rate? Or are
you saying, instead of kind of 9% or 10%, we ought to be thinking about like 11%? I'm just trying to get
a sense of how large that step-up in the expectation for contract rates would be.

Bradley W. Hicks
Executive VP & President of Highway Services

Well, Tom, I appreciate the attempt. We highlighted high single to low double, and we reiterated in earlier
comments that we're feeling more confident about the higher end of that. Outside of that statement, I
really don't think it's -- I don't even know enough yet to say anything beyond that, so I don't know how to
guide you to anything beyond double digits.

John Kuhlow
Executive VP, CFO, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer

Tom, we'll update you if we think it goes triple digits. How about that?

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Justin Long with Stephens.

Justin Trennon Long
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Congrats on the quarter. On Intermodal margins, I know, John, you called out $17 million weather impact
on a consolidated basis. I was wondering if you could quantify what the impact was in Intermodal and if

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2021

you could share what Intermodal margins would have looked like, ex weather? And then thinking about
the longer-term Intermodal margin guidance, can you go into a little bit more detail on what that assumes
for the progression of Rail Service versus where we are today?

John Kuhlow
Executive VP, CFO, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer

Yes. Sorry, Justin. I can -- as far as the weather impacts on Intermodal, we really look at it from a load
standpoint. What we said was the 25,000 loads. To translate that into margin, it takes a lot of speculation,
calculating snow removal, insurance and claims. And so what we have good insight is the impact on the
loads and the volumes, and I think that's the best way. I don't know how to translate that into what would
margins have looked like had we not had the weather event. There's just too many subjective things in
there.

And I apologize, I forgot your second part of the question.

Bradley W. Hicks
Executive VP & President of Highway Services

I'll probably take that one. I think he was asking, do we -- how much does it play into our ability in the
new margin range to get either an improvement or -- in rail service or the expectation that it will remain
somewhat stuck or slower or a challenged velocity. I think, more than anything, we have probably some
belief that rail velocity has slowed down since the days of our 11% to 13% margins. And I'm not ready to
tell you that I have an expectation that it's going to get back to those levels.

Do I think that rail velocity will improve in 2021 and beyond? I do. I mean I think that has a lot to do
with this labor supply challenge that we've highlighted many times. And I don't think the railroads are --
they're impacted by that as well, particularly at the terminal level. So I would expect some improvement,
which can help us, but I don't know that I can see rail velocity getting back to the levels it was 2 or 3
years ago.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Ken Hoexter with Bank of America.

Kenneth Scott Hoexter
BofA Securities, Research Division

If you can just talk a little bit about the congestion and tightness. Maybe your thoughts on how long
this lasts given the low inventories and the benefits of the tightness that you're seeing now versus then
contrasting that with the fear of over-ordering equipment. So as congestion clears, do you see in the near
term then you're stuck with some excess equipment or impacting rates?

Bradley W. Hicks
Executive VP & President of Highway Services

Yes. I think from Intermodal's perspective, there is such a strong demand for Intermodal services for
highway conversion in the eastern part of the country. That isn't necessarily attached to congestion at
ports or particularly difficult congestion along the West Coast. We have a lot of confidence in our ability to
continue to grow Intermodal.

Will there be a blip in the quarter somewhere? I guess that's possible. But I think we feel very good about
the long-term projection of that the equipment adds, that's frankly why we did it.

John N. Roberts
President, CEO & Director

I would just add to that, Darren, that we see congestion also on the highway services side, predominantly
with our box program. And not so much from a rail congestion or port congestion, but in terms of our
customers' unload behavior. And so those labor challenges that Darren mentioned that we can see the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2021

impacts from at ports and ramps, we also see on the customer behavior side. And so we're paying very
close attention to that.

We would hope and expect to see a lift from where we are at today, and we really saw that deteriorate
beginning to middle of COVID last year. And so that equipment velocity and availability is being negatively
impacted by our customers' ability to unload the equipment, and we're working very closely with them to
try and solve for that.

Shelley Simpson
Chief Commercial Officer and Executive VP of People & Human Resources

Yes. And I would say, maybe just from a customer view as well inventory, I think, will continue to be an
issue and persist through the second half of this year. I think that is newer news and particularly what's
happening on the import side really trying to replenish. If you just see how consumers are spending, that
is continuing from 2020.

I would say the challenges that we're experiencing, whether it's at the port or the rail, and in particular,
the labor side for professional drivers, that is a major issue that is very different this time that will take
us more time to work through, and we are very focused with our customers on cross-selling and coming
up with better peak planning. We do have, across all services, good line of sight as to how we'll help our
customers be right and have a successful peak season. Whether that's in Q2 or happening in the back half
of the year, I feel really confident about the work we're doing together.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan.

Brian Patrick Ossenbeck
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I just wanted to see in terms of the ICS and 360, you announced the Google alliance, you announced
another partnership with KeepTruckin. Where do you feel like you are in terms of partnerships as you're
trying to build out scale in the network?

And then clearly, you're benefiting from a bit of spot market strength, as you mentioned. But how far do
you think you are from really getting to scale? What sort of measures should we look for? And how are
you tracking against them?

Shelley Simpson
Chief Commercial Officer and Executive VP of People & Human Resources

Well, thank you for that, Brian. We are -- have 3 key areas that we're focused on in J.B. Hunt 360, really
access transparency and visibility, and that directly relates for our customer and cost service and capacity.
We do have multiple, as you call them, partnerships across each one of those as our strategy and our
work continues. We don't announce every piece of that because we don't see the advantage in the market
to openly discuss that, but we do have specific work that is happening inside that.

From a scale perspective, we will continue to work on removing friction. We want to make it simple for a
shipper or a carrier to be able to connect quickly and efficiently. And so any of the connections that we can
make and leverage other people's expertise and really bring that or solve for that through J.B. Hunt 360,
we will review and implement.

So I would say our scale, our ability to scale, we'll be continuing to solve for our customers, number
one, from a full-scale -- or from a full Scroll perspective, but also making sure that we highlight the
technology so that they can get access to the right mode, the right truck at the right time. Pricing then will
be reflective in transparency. And then ultimately, customers would want to be able to track their shipment
the same way we track a Domino's pizza, from the time we call it into the time it gets to our home, and
that's what we're focused on.

Bradley W. Hicks

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2021

Executive VP & President of Highway Services

I would just add to that, Shelley, that from an execution standpoint, as we establish those key
partnerships, we're constantly focused on how it can improve productivity and efficiency so that we can
provide for our customers that cost benefit, that service benefit, that visibility benefit. And so we pay very
close attention to the internal aspect of those capabilities as we move on down the road as well.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Amit Mehrotra with Deutsche Bank.

Amit Singh Mehrotra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Darren, just wondering if you can give us some color on those 12,000 new boxes? Specifically, when it's
coming? Where it's going? My guess is it's mostly earmarked for the East, but if you can just talk about
that.

And also, just related to that, one thing that I'm trying to understand is how the KPIs in the business --
the Intermodal business kind of evolve as that new capacity comes online? It's obviously a lot of capacity,
12% new capacity. I assume it's good for growth because of the improvement in turns and maybe dilutive
to length of haul in yields, maybe even slightly dilutive to margins but not dilutive to ROIC.

I'm just trying to think through that. So if you can just talk about -- there's probably like 5 questions in
there, but when it's coming, where it's going and how do the KPIs kind of evolve as that new capacity
comes online?

Bradley W. Hicks
Executive VP & President of Highway Services

Sure. So we announced 6,000 earlier in our fourth quarter earnings call, and today, we're updating that
up to 12,000. There are some temp controlled equipment in there. Roughly 1,000 temp control boxes
that will come in that have been in our plan for some time, and so that -- those will all flow into the West
Coast.

Now the dry boxes, the logistics plan to get those boxes into our system continues to evolve in
some ways. We're securing capacity to bring that equipment predominantly to the West Coast and
predominantly to Southern California, so that it enters our market at the right time.

Those boxes begin to deliver during Q2 and really are spread throughout the rest of the year with --
and they're probably a little bit extra during Q3, where you'll be receiving a little bit heavier flow of that
equipment in to help us for peak season. Certainly, for the longer-term life of that equipment, we would
expect it to be diversified into the Easter network. But in 2021, it's really going to help us a lot out West,
for sure.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Bascome Majors with Susquehanna.

Bascome Majors
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

I wanted to turn back to Final Mile. Can you talk a little bit about your contract structure with local carriers
in terms of your visibility into cost inflation? And you talked about your long-term margin target and
reiterated it 4% to 8%. A couple of years ago, you talked kind of 2% to 4% in the early stages. Are we
sustainably, based on how you see this business, trending in that longer-term range at this point?

John N. Roberts
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thank you for the question.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2021

I think we are trending that way. From what we're seeing with contract rates, they are going up with
our contractors. The market is very tight, particularly with the amount of background checks we do for
security, safety protocols. We try to hold ourselves to the highest standard, and our contractors that way
to the cost Google was. But we're able to pass that along to our customers. They're not structured, yet,
the way dedicated contracts are, but we have very good relationship with our customers with the top-
performing metrics on service all the way around. So we think we'll be able to go back to our customers if
the market demands it to get that.

So yes, I think we're in the right market streams. We're going to see us work to improve the margins, and
we've done some of that with the rates with existing customers. And we're going to continue to do that as
we move forward. So yes, we feel comfortable with the 4% to 8% and where we're going there.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Todd Fowler with KeyBanc Capital markets.

Todd Clark Fowler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Just for clarification, with the margin targets, what you're laying out and what you're updating is really --
is it fair to say is this the normalized range? And it's how your pricing business? And should we think about
that there could be cyclical factors where you could be above or below those ranges for a period of time?

And then secondly, it certainly feels like with ICS and Dedicated you can be in those ranges, but in the
other segments, are there any investments or changes that you need to make to be within those margin
ranges within a near-term basis?

Nicholas Hobbs
President of Contract Services, Executive VP & COO

I would just say I'll start with Dedicated first, and we feel very comfortable. We're not changing our pricing
model as we said in our comments. We think we've got to the scale now with the growth that we're seeing
this year. We've had very good Q1, we've signed 380 trucks already, and we're off to a really good start.
Just last week, we signed 133 trucks. So we think that we've got the scale that we're going to be able to
absorb that without it impacting our margins.

And then also, we just have the density of the marketplace. We've got 360 marketplace to help us be
more efficient. Again, we saw our productivity as well increased very nicely this quarter. And all that's
about efficiency and density that really allows us to work on that margin without increasing our cost to our
customers.

Darren P. Field
Executive VP & President of Intermodal

I'll add to that, Nick, from a Highway Services perspective. We did adjust slightly our truck targets, but
mostly just a pure reflection, as John alluded to, of a movement towards more of an asset-light position
where we're growing our box program without having to make the historical heavy investment of the
tractor. And so that really just helped us kind of shore up where we think that will be.

We are still on that journey. Our box initiative really just launched less than 18 months ago. And as we've
also stated today, we've increased the investment for incremental boxes just this year. And so we're
tracking along per our expectations, and we see the ability to get back to that expectation.

Switching gears over to ICS similarly. We're at the end of our heavy investment period. But again,
characteristics, productivity gains, the advantages that we're seeing and capitalizing on because of the
platform, where we're able to just be more efficient and make better decisions and really eliminate waste.
We see those things that reinforce the affirmation of the range that John reiterated. And so those are the
things that drove us, but again, I think it's important for all of our BUs.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2021

Fundamentally, it's about return on invested capital for us. And if things change in the model, whether that
be a further movement to asset-light in our truck model, then that could influence things down the road.
But at this point, those are the targets that we think are extremely realistic and achievable.

Bradley W. Hicks
Executive VP & President of Highway Services

I'll just -- quickly on Intermodal, certainly, I would expect that we're kind of through a noisy period of time
related to arbitration and underlying rail cost. We have what we feel like is a very good understanding
of that role in our cost, and felt like this margin adjustment was appropriate as well as sustainable for
growth.

Do I think there is the opportunity to live at the high end of it? I guess, at times. That's certainly possible.
I don't know how to predict that, but I certainly would expect to be within that zone is certainly a
sustainable plan for us to continue to grow Intermodal.

Shelley Simpson
Chief Commercial Officer and Executive VP of People & Human Resources

And I would just add, maybe to wrap up as an organization. I think the cyclicality will come when we have
underestimated or missed our cost basis for our customers. We will continue to honor our commitments.
And any time we've made a commitment to a customer based on a fixed price in that assumption changes
up or down, you could see us move in the margin target range.

And even outside of that, either direction, but over the longer term, we think that those margin targets
are appropriate based on what we know today and based on our growth plan with our customers.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.

Brandon Robert Oglenski
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I guess, Shelley, can I follow up with you here on ICS volumes? Because I do think it was down about
1% this quarter. You did get a lot of price. Obviously, we're profitable again, which was better than
expectations. But is there anything to read through on market share or competitiveness? Because I think
it's scale a number of transactions that you really want to get towards the back half of the year. So can
you talk to whether or not that was a step back this quarter?

Shelley Simpson
Chief Commercial Officer and Executive VP of People & Human Resources

Yes. Great question. So our overall includes what's happening from an LTL perspective. We really have
a key customer that we have been overcoming that comp. Inside our LTL sector, we're starting to see
growth, particularly in our 360 platforms, so feel confident about our plan around the LTL side. In general,
if you just look at truckload volumes, particularly in ITS, those volumes were at a 10% growth plan.

But I did talk about this earlier in this call that the very first part of bid season, although we have been
educating and talking through what we believe the cost base would be to serve our customers and all of
our services, that didn't directly align to the competitive pressure we were feeling from our customers
in this season. I will say we held our ground on price in really all of our segments overall. And as our
customers implemented those bids in first quarter, many of these bids were not working. They were falling
apart because the price was not commensurate to the cost that the carriers and the brokers were giving to
customers.

So as we progressed through first quarter, we started picking up volume again, pretty much in line with
what our strategy was as an organization in total, and have a lot of confidence in our scaling and gaining
more market share in Q2 and beyond, not just in ICS, but also in JBT. Remember, the platform is not just

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2021

an ICS product. It is across our entire enterprise, how we can leverage that for our customers to really
allow them to have the right cost service and capacity.

We saw scaling inside JBT as well in the first quarter, and we will continue to gain and take market share
in both JBT and ICS from a 360 platform, and then, certainly in the Intermodal space as well.

Operator

And your last question comes from the line of David Vernon with Bernstein.

David Scott Vernon
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Just a question for you on the contour of the Intermodal volume trends in the quarter. Could you talk a
little bit about what the exit rate was in March? And how we should be thinking about the build over the
COVID disruption volumes that we saw in 2Q after?

Bradley W. Hicks
Executive VP & President of Highway Services

Well, so certainly, we highlighted earlier that February was just very difficult, as you're all aware of
weather-related impacts. And that did bleed into the first part of March. We did highlight that March
overall grew at 4%. But remember last year, March, probably had a little bit of COVID impact. There was
some disruption in Intermodal at that time.

So to say that volumes in March reached pre-weather disruption levels, we're continuing to work hard
to rebuild the network, get the capacity in all the markets where it needs to be and get back on a better
velocity front with our container equipment.

A. Brad Delco
Vice President of Finance & Investor Relations

David, this is Brad. The only thing I'll follow up with, we did provide -- and Darren did provide monthly.
So monthly, March was up 4%. That's probably the best data point we can give you in terms of what the
expectation should be in 2Q.

And I'll just remind you, we did start to feel COVID late last March and then comps do get a little easier,
but we're not going to try to predict what our volumes will look like in Q2 because there's a lot of different
variables that will ultimately play into how we performed.

John Kuhlow
Executive VP, CFO, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer

I think, John, you're going to close this out.

John N. Roberts
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I'll close this out. I'll start with thanks to everybody for joining us today.

I'll say that I am extremely proud of this team of leaders here that, not only navigated us through a very
challenging 2020 but hit the ground, as we can see, running hard in the first quarter. I'm also very proud
of this organization for hearing our customers' needs and presenting discussion that was very consumable.
These are big changes for us to make this early in the year. But please rest assured that there's been a lot
of modeling, a lot of debating and a lot of conviction to making investments like these to better serve our
customers. That's why we're here, and it's what we do. And I love it when we hear that and lean in and
invest.

I'd like to reiterate this driver availability challenge. Again, I think it's a meaningful part of our midterm
and potentially long-term future. And I think we'll be hearing and discussing more and more about that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2021

And then the last thing, just love seeing the results from years ago, are prioritizing the need to invest in
technology to bring the company forward and really, I think, at this point, the industry forward. I think
360, as Shelley just said, is a very comprehensive approach. It started out as a kind of a migration from
legacy to what could it be, to what you're seeing and hearing today, and we have a good hope in that
effort and investment going forward.

So I hope this call has provided some clarity on the questions around margin. We spend a lot of time
talking about that, as appropriate. I hope we brought that to close now, and we can continue to give you
helpful update.

Thanks for the time today, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 15, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

