J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:JBHT
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, October 15, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.78

1.88

Revenue  (mm)

3024.22

3144.81

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-15-2021 1:55 PM GMT

5.62

3.99

1.91

6.66

7.80

3152.44

11771.71

12756.47

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.31

1.17

1.57

1.78

1.44

1.37

1.61

1.88

9.92 %

17.09 %

2.55 %

5.62 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

A. Brad Delco
Vice President of Finance &
Investor Relations

Bradley W. Hicks
Executive VP & President of
Highway Services

Darren P. Field
Executive VP & President of
Intermodal

Brian Patrick Ossenbeck
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Christian F. Wetherbee
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

John Kuhlow
Executive VP, CFO, Controller &
Chief Accounting Officer

Jonathan B. Chappell
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

John N. Roberts
President, CEO & Director

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Nicholas Hobbs
President of Contract Services,
Executive VP & COO

Justin Trennon Long
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Shelley Simpson
Chief Commercial Officer and
Executive VP of People & Human
Resources

Kenneth Scott Hoexter
BofA Securities, Research Division

Ravi Shanker
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Todd Clark Fowler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

ANALYSTS

Allison Ann Marie Poliniak-
Cusic
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Amit Singh Mehrotra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Bascome Majors
Susquehanna Financial Group,
LLLP, Research Division

Brandon Robert Oglenski
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator
Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker for today, Mr. Brad Delco.
Thank you, sir. Please go ahead.

Bradley W. Hicks
Executive VP & President of Highway Services

Good morning. Before I introduce the speakers, I would like to take some time to provide some
disclosures regarding forward-looking statements. This call may contain forward-looking statements within
the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expects, anticipates,
intends, estimates or similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. These
statements are based on J.B. Hunt's current plans and expectations that involve risks and uncertainties
that could cause future activities and results to be materially different from those set forth in the forward-
looking statements. For more information regarding the risk factors, please refer to J.B. Hunt's annual
report on Form 10-K and other reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Now I'd like to introduce you to the speakers on today's call. This morning, I'm joined by our CEO, John
Roberts; our CFO, John Kuhlow; Shelley Simpson, Chief Commercial Officer and EVP of People and Human
Resources; Nick Hobbs, Chief Operating Officer and President of Contract Services; Brad Hicks, President
of Highway Services; and Darren Field, President of Intermodal. At this time, I'd like to turn the call to our
CEO, Mr. John Roberts, for some opening comments. John?

John N. Roberts
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Brad. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. The third quarter continued to
present the momentum we spoke of during our last earnings call. We also see persistent irregularities in
demand patterns substantially resulting from port, labor and inventory challenges with our customers. The
congestion at key inbound port locations has further challenged the desired smoothing of supply chains
in preparation for the upcoming holiday season. We find that the dialogue with our key customers reveals
both a challenged labor market and a pent-up need to increase the in-stock levels across the system.
Planned additions to our container and trailing fleets and the expansion in contract services, both final mile
and dedicated, should all contribute positively as these headwinds abate.

The company is not insulated from the labor dynamics mentioned above for our customers. This year,
we have reached all-time highs in the need for company drivers in all segments as well as openings we
have on our office and field teams. We have done comprehensive and exhaustive research on our current
compensation and benefits programs along with our incentive plans to help better position our jobs going
forward. Progress in closing the gaps for both driver and non-driver positions has been made during the
quarter, and we are optimistic these gaps will continue to shrink for us.

As our executives will discuss today, we're generally pleased with the performance of all segments.
However, we do have ample room for improvement with the inventory flows and contractor model in our
Final Mile business as well as in the utilization of equipment in Intermodal. Even with these opportunities,
we see our supply chain-focused service is well positioned and healthy for the long-term needs of our
customers.

We are also encouraged by the continued progress we see in the utilization of our 360 platforms and
the productivity gains resulting from expanded usage across the company with our carriers and with our
shippers. The past few weeks have returned us to the annual tradition of honoring our multimillion mile
drivers, who over many years, accomplished the pinnacle of our profession. In Lowell, we have hosted 2
sessions for a total of over 100 drivers reaching between 2 million and 5 million safe miles along with their

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2021

families for a 2-day celebration with our entire corporate team. We have been extremely careful to host
these sessions following CDC guidelines.

Nevertheless, it has done all of us a world of good to see our very best in person again. The energy has
been contagious, and I assure that it will carry us forward nicely. Please check out our website to see
how we recognized these incredible men and women. I will now turn the call over to John Kuhlow for his
comments. John?

John Kuhlow
Executive VP, CFO, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer

Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. Staying consistent with recent quarters, I'll start by providing
a couple of comments on our third quarter of 2021 from a consolidated perspective. Overall, we are
pleased with our revenue growth over the prior year, which was up 27% from the result of improvements
in all segments. Our operating income increased 56% with mixed results from some segments that are
the result of cost pressures from labor issues, but also due to the significant growth in implementing new
contractual businesses that will be addressed in the segment discussions.

Interest expense was consistent with prior year, and we had a slight increase in our tax rate, resulting in
earnings per share of $1.88 for the quarter, which is an increase of nearly 60% over the prior year. The
impacts of labor shortages, network congestion and just general supply chain challenges are well known,
and they persisted in the quarter, again, straining our ability to service the demand and effectively utilize
our assets, similar to what we experienced in the second quarter.

Additional cost pressures in the quarter were primarily related to higher purchase transportation costs
and other employee costs of incentive compensation and medical benefits. We ended the quarter with
approximately $530 million in cash. At the beginning of the year, we had announced a heavy investment in
equipment for 2021. While all orders remain in place, the constraints noted have limited our ability to in-
service this equipment. Through unconventional means, including leasing our own private vessels, we are
able to add just shy of 3,000 JBI containers and over 900 JBT trailers during the quarter as well as having
success in sourcing our tractor needs as a result of solid relationships with our equipment manufacturers.
Considering these constraints, we are adjusting our expected CapEx spend for the remainder of 2021 and
now expect our CapEx to approximate a little over $1 billion for the full year.

We remain committed to obtaining capacity to serve our customers and continue our focus on obtaining
the equipment ordered. While we haven't finalized plans for 2022 yet, our initial expectations are for
CapEx to exceed 2021 levels but will depend largely on the ability and timing to obtaining the equipment.
We purchased $50 million of our shares in the third quarter, bringing us to $135 million for the year and
anticipate continuing buybacks on a more regular basis. We will continue to balance our cash outlay
on equipment, dividends and buybacks for the remainder of the year as opportunities unfold, trending
towards our targeted 1x EBITDA leverage metric on a net basis.

In recent quarters, we have updated you on costs directly related to COVID, which have principally been
in the form of special bonuses for frontline employees and PTO for employees who need to quarantine.
While we still incur these costs, we have now lapped quarters of providing this, and as such, there are
no meaningful reconciliations to the prior year quarter. We continue to monitor the impacts of COVID,
focusing on the health and safety of our people while staying informed of state and federal mandates
around vaccinations and other protocols. This concludes my remarks, and I'll now turn it over to Shelley.

Shelley Simpson
Chief Commercial Officer and Executive VP of People & Human Resources

Thank you, John, and good morning.

My commercial update will focus on general market conditions, our updated thoughts around peak
season and our preliminary planning for 2022. I will also give some updated thoughts on the progress
we are making inside our J.B. Hunt 360 multimodal digital freight platform. We continue to see plenty
of opportunities in the market to provide valuable services for customers needing comprehensive supply
chain solutions. While fluidity across the supply chain remains challenging, we are working closely with our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2021

customers to develop and execute plans that get their freight delivered. We believe our ability to source
capacity on the J.B. Hunt 360 platform continues to differentiate us and our go-to-market strategy and
ensure customers find the most efficient way to move their freight.

Capacity remains tight across all channels as evidenced by elevated spot and contract rates across all
modes of transportation. Further adding to fluidity challenges is the backlog of freight off the West Coast
waiting to get unloaded at the ports. We share in these frustrations and are not immune to these impacts,
as some of our containers are also sitting out in the Pacific waiting to be unloaded. While peak season is
upon us, we believe the bottlenecks in the West Coast are going to compact and even intensify further
peak season capacity needs into November and December and are preparing ourselves accordingly.

As we think about planning for 2022, we will turn our attention to leveraging our people, technology
and equipment to not only optimize our customers' freight, but even more important, optimize their
freight spend. Freight is moving inefficiently today at elevated truck and spot rates, which will be ripe for
conversion to Intermodal when we also have the full onboarding of our 12,000 new intermodal containers.
While we remain focused on executing our peak season plans, we are also focused on positioning our
customers to deliver on their budget for 2022 with the most efficient and cost-effective solution available.
And again, we stand ready to meet the needs of our customers as we enter the new year.

We continue to be extremely encouraged by the trends we are seeing in our J.B. Hunt 360 multimodal
digital freight platform. Carrier and shipper user activity and engagement metrics continue to accelerate,
providing further evidence in the value of being able to optimize and transact in real time in a more
frictionless process. With regards to automation, we have completed the pilot of some of our automated
tools for matching freight between shippers and carriers and have begun a thoughtfully paced rollout
of the system to our personnel in the field. We expect to see additional productivity and service quality
benefits over the next year as the system is fully rolled out and utilized.

As we move forward, we remain focused on improving access, visibility and transparency on our platform,
which we believe sets us up to achieve our mission statement to create the most efficient transportation
network in North America.

Closing out my comments and similar to the message I shared with you last quarter, I remain extremely
encouraged about our position to leverage our people, assets and technology to help our customers
through their supply chain challenges. Those attributes, combined with our experience, tenured workforce
and broad and expanding scroll of services is what I believe differentiates us in the market and why I
believe customers continue to lean into us during these challenging times.

That concludes my comments, and I'd now like to turn it over to Nick.

Nicholas Hobbs
President of Contract Services, Executive VP & COO

Thank you, Shelley, and good morning. I will focus my comments on the performance of both our
Dedicated Contract Service business or DCS and the Final Mile Service businesses, FMS. I'll also provide
you an update from a general operational perspective on both the driver market as well as our ability to
source equipment.

In our Dedicated business, we continue to see tremendous demand for our professionally outsourced
fleet solutions. Propelled by the current market dynamics around driver and equipment availability, our
backlog and pipeline remains strong. I am extremely proud of the team's ability to execute this quarter,
highlighted by the addition of 744 trucks in the quarter. This is the largest number of truck adds in any
single quarter. As historically is the case, start-up costs did put pressure on margins in the quarter as
we incur costs before we begin to recognize revenue. But let me be clear, we are extremely pleased with
these results as it sets the stage for solid growth and momentum as we roll forward. The new business
we have been onboarding represents a broad and diverse mix of customer accounts across both industry
verticals and geographies. While we in the industry are facing driver recruitment challenges, customers in
most instances have been willing to support our out-of-cycle adjustments to support higher wages for our
professional driving workforce.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2021

As I alluded to earlier, we continue to see strong demand for our service. And as an update, we have sold
1,899 trucks year-to-date as of September 30, with an incremental 734 trucks from my last update on our
second quarter call.

Now transitioning to our Final Mile Services update. We see solid growth opportunities in this market that
is and will be supported by our ability to differentiate our service product. As a result, we continue to
make investments in our people and processes to support our growth outlook. Relative to some of our
recent quarters, profitability was pressured as a result of several factors.

Similar to Dedicated, we experienced start-up costs in the quarter, given the smaller base of business
that had a disproportionate impact on our results. Additionally, our contract carriers are also facing labor
challenges particularly for the second seat in the delivery trucks in addition to those at our customer
warehouses.

Finally, and as we discussed last quarter, supply chain issues are impacting product availability and,
in turn, our ability to leverage our network to deliver goods, potentially in the appliance and furniture
categories. We believe these challenges are mostly transitory. Going forward, we are encouraged by the
new business we are onboarding, and we are on pace for a record new year of sales. We continue to see a
solid pipeline of both growth opportunities that we plan to capitalize on in the future. Our success will be
largely dependent on our ability to differentiate the service experience for our customers' customers, and
we remain committed to making the needed investments to achieve that differentiation.

Finally, to close on some general operational updates, we have been extremely focused on our hiring
efforts in the field to support our growth. As we have discussed in past quarters, we believe J.B. Hunt
offers one of the most attractive driving opportunities given the concentration of work in both local and
regional applications, combined with top pay and career advancement opportunities. This is also true
for our field managers and operations personnel. We have continued to make adjustments to wages
and benefits to make our company even more attractive for those seeking a rewarding employment
opportunity. Additionally, we have been working closely with our equipment providers in order to support
our growth. We have had to hold trades of some of our equipment to support our pipeline, but continue to
stay attentive to both maintenance cost and fuel economy as a result. That concludes my remarks, so I'll
turn it over to Brad.

Bradley W. Hicks
Executive VP & President of Highway Services

Thank you, Nick, and good morning. I will focus my comments on the performance of Integrated Capacity
Solutions and trucks. I'd like to start off by recognizing all members of our ICS and JBT segments for how
they continue to respond in the current environment to elevated demand trends. Our customers continue
to present us with opportunities to deliver both truck and trailing capacity solutions, and the team
continues to respond very well in these demanding times. The experience of our people, leveraging our
technology platform and our physical assets, continue to provide us opportunities to source and provide
capacity for customers in what continues to be an extremely capacity-constrained environment. The ability
to source that capacity is enabled by our technology investments into our J.B. Hunt 360 platform and is
complemented by our drop trailer pools with 360box. We continue to invest in these areas as well as in our
people to provide more solutions for our customers.

I'll start with my comments on truck for JBT. Revenue grew 87% year-over-year to $204 million. This
is the first quarter that JBT segment has generated over $200 million of revenue since 2007, and we
were able to accomplish this with approximately 60% fewer trucks versus that period. This is yet another
example of our organization's focus on providing value-added solutions for customers while maintaining
our focus on scaling into large addressable markets with our desire for adequate returns on our capital.
We believe our drop trailer capacity or 360box is the power-only capacity source through our platform
provides us an opportunity for sustainable growth. Our trailing capacity increased 20% versus the prior
year and 11% from the end of the second quarter, and the segment generated $14.7 million of operating
income, the highest of any third quarter since 2006.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2021

Going forward, we will continue to stay disciplined on our desire to grow while also focusing on driving
greater network efficiencies, particularly in our drop trailer network.

Shifting gears to Integrated Capacity Solutions or our ICS segment. ICS delivered $666 million of revenue,
breaking our prior quarterly record achieved just last quarter. Revenue grew 55% versus the prior year
period. Segment volumes grew 4% in the quarter, while specifically truckload volume growth was 14%
year-over-year. The cost of sourcing third-party capacity remains elevated, which is a continuation of
the same trends we have seen through the latter parts of 2020 and all of 2021. That said, gross margins
did expand 150 basis points sequentially as a result of further scaling of our platform, implementation of
higher contractual rates and robust spot opportunities. We believe that market dynamics could tighten
even further in the fourth quarter as congestion across the supply chain is likely to compress the timing of
peak season and intensify customer needs for capacity solutions right up to the holidays.

Going forward, we will continue to invest to expand the capabilities and functions of our multimodal digital
freight platform for our carriers and customers as well as for our people to drive greater productivity and
efficiencies in sourcing cost-effective solutions for our customers while giving carriers great visibility to the
freight on our platform.

In closing, we continue to see solid momentum across our JBT and ICS segments as evidenced by both
segments delivering the strongest top line growth across our scroll of services for the fourth consecutive
quarter in a row. While much work has been done, there is still much to accomplish. But along the way, we
will remain committed to our investments in our people and our technology platform that will drive waste
out of the system and help us deliver on our mission to create the most efficient transportation network in
North America. This concludes my comments. I'll pass it over to Darren.

Darren P. Field
Executive VP & President of Intermodal

Thank you, Brad, and good morning. I'm going to focus my comments on 3 items related to our
Intermodal business. First, I'm going to review performance in the quarter. I will also discuss network
fluidity and our continuous effort to improve velocity and capacity for our customers. And finally, I will
discuss continued investment in both people and the onboarding of our trailing capacity that we think is
going to put us in a solid position to meet the tremendous demand we are seeing for our services and to
further support and accelerate the truck-to-rail conversion opportunities.

While demand for our Intermodal services remains very strong, our volume performance in the quarter
doesn't reflect that as fluidity challenges across our network continue to temper available capacity to serve
that demand. As we discussed last quarter, we believe the core challenges around network fluidity for
both our rail providers and customers center around availability of labor and has continued to provide
challenges across the entire supply chain. Volumes for the quarter were down 6% and by month, volumes
were down 7% in July, down 6% in August and down 5% in September. Improvements in rail network
fluidity, particularly at the terminals and quicker turns of our equipment at customer locations, combined
with the onboarding of the new containers, would and will help us provide additional capacity.

As we discussed last quarter, we implemented programs with our customers to encourage better utilization
of our equipment while protecting our need to generate appropriate returns on our significant investment
in both people and equipment to support additional capacity. Importantly, these programs are designed
to provide the benefit of additional capacity that results from gained efficiencies. I would say that the
results from this program thus far have been mixed. We have seen some customer locations improve,
while other locations have deteriorated even in instances within the same customer's footprint. I would
also say, from our perspective, the results of the program have been mixed based simply on the fact that
we would absolutely prefer to move more volume and provide more capacity for customers, which was not
the case in the quarter.

I believe this highlights the severity of the labor challenges across the supply chain. Box turns in the
quarter fell sequentially to 1.62 versus 1.65 in the prior quarter, further supporting that view. We continue
to be optimistic about the opportunities for long-term sustainable growth in our Intermodal business.
Customer demand continues to grow, and our rail providers continue to view us as a solution to the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2021

current congestion challenges that are even more severe in the international intermodal market. Owning
our own equipment, including power, trailing and chassis and our highly skilled driver and operations
personnel are differentiated in the market, particularly around fluidity and service.
This is further supported by our J.B. Hunt 360 platform that allows us to source capacity when rail
congestion or restrictions hamper our ability to serve. In closing, Intermodal's value proposition remains
strong as driver and labor challenges continue to plague the supply chain combined with higher energy
prices and the fact that an intermodal shipment on average is 60% less carbon intensive than the all-truck
alternative. We will continue to make investments to support the meaningful growth opportunities in the
market. We expect to take delivery of our entire 12,000 container order by early 2022, setting us up to
provide meaningful savings for our customers as we begin the next bid cycle. That concludes my prepared
comments.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jon Chappell with Evercore ISI.

Jonathan B. Chappell
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Darren, if I can just start with you on the fluidity question and what that means for volumes going
forward. If we layer that on top of the high-profile announcement made this week from the administration
and the port shifting to 24/7 operations conceivably, how do you think that, that plays into your volumes?
And quite frankly, the fluidity of the system in the year end? And do you think you and your partners have
the capacity if the gates are open longer to handle more volumes? And finally, can you do that profitably?
I don't know if that translates into overtime costs. Like how does that figure into the profitability of the
business if you're kind of running 24/7?

Darren P. Field
Executive VP & President of Intermodal

Well, Jon, great question. We are -- continue to be confident that as our customers have growing demand
in Southern California, that we have capacity to continue growing with those customers, but we are asking
the customers to help us in that area to help us unload faster and create a more fluid capacity solution for
us. We're also onboarding additional equipment during the fourth quarter, which will certainly help. But
we would anticipate that we will continue to offer additional capacity for our customers as the customers
participate in that solution. So that's the key element of this, while getting equipment out of the port is
going to drive new demand. But at the same time, the customers have to be able to receive it. And we're
working with them. We're supporting them in that area, and that's really, really important for us.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Chris Wetherbee with Citigroup.

Christian F. Wetherbee
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Darren, maybe another one for you. Just wanted to think about that revenue per load in the intermodal
side, obviously, a very, very strong performance. Is there any way you can kind of break down what is
kind of core base rate relative to what might be certain accessorial fees that have the potential to go
over the [ full ] if fluidity comes back to the network and we start to see volume and utilization pick up? I
just want to get a sense of maybe what's sort of the sustainable underlying rate environment that you're
building now off of going forward the next several quarters?

Darren P. Field
Executive VP & President of Intermodal

Yes. We anticipated this. And unfortunately, we're not going to be able to break that down in any way.
I just want to probably remind the entire group listening, we're not going to break out any sort of
accessorial commentary. I think that core pricing was strong going into the third quarter and while costs
were also up, we will always anticipate that our core pricing is maintaining coverage for the cost exposure
that we have. We're paying drivers more today. We're hiring outsourced carriers at higher rates today. Our
equipment utilization is down. That's driving some of the pricing out there. And certainly, our rail providers
also participate in our cost base. So those are all factors that drive core pricing, and we really probably
don't have any other commentary on that at this point.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Scott Group with Wolfe Research.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2021

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

Just before I get to my question, Darren, just a follow-up there. Like is it fair though that core pricing
would have accelerated from whatever we saw in the second quarter?

Darren P. Field
Executive VP & President of Intermodal

Yes. It's fair to assume that.

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. So I guess, how are you thinking about contractual pricing for next year in light of trucking
companies talking about at least mid-single-digit pricing? And then just given the environment, can you
maybe talk about your plans to grow the container count beyond just the 12,000 that you're taking this
year, early next year?

Darren P. Field
Executive VP & President of Intermodal

Okay. I think that as we go into next year on the pricing environment, we're probably way early to offer
any kind of commentary compared to some of the other. We're surprised that anybody would come out
and say anything about that at this point. There's just too much unknown today. I mean we've never been
in an environment like this and the cost environment is going to drive pricing for us. That's always going
to drive our pricing decisions as we're focused on the returns of the investments we put into place.

Certainly, the container order for 12,000 that we announced earlier this year, we continue to onboard
that equipment as fast as we can get it here. Decisions about advancing the equipment next year will
continue as we finalize plans for next year. And frankly, as we continue to work with customers and see
what's happening in the market relative to demand velocity improvements that are really available to
our customer base to achieve savings not only in what their intermodal experience today, but converting
more business off the highway at better pricing compared to truckload can really produce an awful
lot of capacity if we can just improve the velocity of the current fleet. All that being said, if we see an
opportunity to expand our equipment and the customers are supporting that with pricing, then I have no
doubt our organization will set a path to do that, but we have a long way to go before a decision is made
on that.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Justin Long with Stephens.

Justin Trennon Long
Stephens Inc., Research Division

I'll stick with the Intermodal theme. Darren, last quarter, you gave some helpful commentary on the
cadence of the Intermodal container deliveries. Any update on that front you could share in terms of the
number of containers you're expecting to receive in the fourth quarter and then in the first? And then also,
would love to get your thoughts on the sequential progression of box turns the next couple of quarters.
Does taking these additional containers make it tougher to see some improvement there?

Darren P. Field
Executive VP & President of Intermodal

Okay. We had said that we expected to get 3,000 to 4,000 in Q3, and I think we highlighted in prepared
comments that we were just under 3,000 while we had equipment anchored waiting to unload literally
just weeks ago that would have certainly hit on that mark. At this point, I'd say we would end the
year somewhere between 8,000 and 9,000 of the box turns onboarded. So we feel like there is an
improved cadence in the fourth quarter coming with new boxes onboarding. But we're not immune to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2021

the challenges. The port of Los Angeles and onboarding that equipment, that certainly has influenced our
ability to get that equipment here, and we'll continue to work through it. We feel really good about how we
approach that this year, and we'll continue to work to that end. But 8,000 to 9,000 by the end of the year,
so I'll let you do the math on the fourth quarter.

As far as box turn sequential cadence, that's a great question and that we're focusing with our customers
every single day on how to improve that number related to their actions that are influencing it. Now
they're not the only influencer. Certainly, our rail providers are moving somewhat slower than we would
have anticipated. So at this point, I would have said at the end of Q2 that I can't imagine it getting worse.
And you know what, it did. So I'm going to be cautious to give you any kind of thoughts on that moving
forward. I just want to highlight that we're working every single day to improve that number. And that
won't end any time. We're chasing 2 turns a month and really anticipate a lot of conversation with our
customers on this over the coming months.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Amit Mehrotra with Deutsche Bank.

Amit Singh Mehrotra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Darren, I had a question, I guess, on Intermodal volume growth just beyond the cycle and beyond what
we're seeing in trucking rates and fuel prices. And this really has to do with kind of a higher level of
transloading. I'm not sure if this is a real opportunity for J.B. Hub, but it just seems like the international
liner companies are probably, I would imagine, less willing to move their international boxes inland from
the ports. I'm wondering if you're seeing any of that and if there's a real opportunity for pent-up demand
release on the transloading side next year that could drive maybe some bigger volume improvement.

Darren P. Field
Executive VP & President of Intermodal

Sure. All of your thoughts, I think Shelley and I will both comment on this question. For a long time,
our target for growth in Intermodal has been highway conversion first. But certainly, we have felt
that domestic Intermodal in a 53-foot container was a benefit to shippers importing through Southern
California, and the flows of the international equipment and the massive amounts of empties that flow
to various ports in order to get back to Asia certainly does represent an opportunity. I think that as the
international congestion at various rail terminals throughout the interior of the country have driven a lot of
conversations with customers that are looking for that solution. We have grown with transload for many,
many years now and would anticipate that, that is a primary focus for our growth in the coming years and
absolutely plan to capitalize on that. I don't know, Shelley, you may have a comment.

Shelley Simpson
Chief Commercial Officer and Executive VP of People & Human Resources

Yes. So we look at our ability to grow intermodal in 2 areas. So transloading for sure would be an
opportunity. If you think about the advantages we can give both the railroads and our customers, really
it's around our operations because we control really the 3 critical components: the chassis, the driver
and the container. Our ability to create a very fluid network at the destination is very different than what
happens today from an international perspective.

And when railroads are constrained, that allows us to think about and process differently there. The
second one is in over-the-road conversions, which I did talk about that in my opening remarks. But we
do see a high percentage of shipments that are moving on the rail today. Part of that are our intentional
strategy to own any lane that moves Intermodal in our highway space. And so we're gaining access and
information through our J.B. Hunt 360 multimodal digital freight platform to be able to know what we can
and should talk to our customers about converting. So that's going to be a big focus for us as we come
through the rest of this fourth quarter, very focused on peak and helping our customers be successful.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2021

We also are working closely with them to determine the freight that's moving on the highway today that
we know to move into Intermodal. So I would tell you, those 12,000 boxes, I have high confidence in
being able to load those at good quality of revenue. And I think, to the earlier question around what we
would add, would really be dependent on what our customers can do from a fluidity perspective on turning
our equipment.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.

Allison Ann Marie Poliniak-Cusic
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just want to turn to Dedicated and FMS has the same issue. Is there a way to quantify the negative
impact from the new business adds versus the cost inflation? And then I guess as we're looking at Q4 and
your backlog comments, should we assume that stays elevated? Or does it intensify here? Just any color
that would be helpful.

Nicholas Hobbs
President of Contract Services, Executive VP & COO

Yes. I would just say that when we look at what we call our core business, we see the operating margin
being very acceptable within our range. Clearly, with our -- in our range of guidance. So we break that out
internally and look at that. So we just -- it is operating very well. And then our start-ups are looking very
good. We measure those as they're coming out of startup, getting to certain hurdle rates. So we're very
pleased with the pricing and how that's performing. And then from the backlog, I would just say yes, the
backlog is probably a little more than it has been historically. So the demand is still there. There's still a lot
of demand for our services and our pipeline is very, very full on the Dedicated and on the Final Mile side.

And then on the Final Mile side, it's got a smaller base. And so the start-ups are really dramatically
impacting that because contractor rates are up. And we're just seeing a lot of warehouse labor rates up as
well, so we're getting a lot of costs in there. So we've got some supply chain issues, some labor costs that
we're addressing. But the demand is still there for our services as well. But the #1 impact on Final Mile, I
would say, is our startups.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley.

Ravi Shanker
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

If I can just follow up on that last comment, kind of how do we think about that going into 4Q? I mean
you had this high-quality problem of the launch costs in Dedicated for a while now. And we do recognize
that this is a high-quality problem. But kind of how do we think about that going into 4Q? And also maybe
for Shelley, on the ICS side, what's the update on the Google partnership that you guys had? I think there
was a product or a launch supposed to drop at the end of the year. Is that still on track? And how do we
think about that scaling into next year?

Nicholas Hobbs
President of Contract Services, Executive VP & COO

That's a good way to get 2 questions in there in one breath, I guess. On the dedicated side, I would just
say that with our demand still pent up, we're going to continue to feel pressure with the startups just
before our supply gets its own start-ups, and we're going to continue to see that moving forward for a
while.

Shelley Simpson
Chief Commercial Officer and Executive VP of People & Human Resources

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2021

And I would say on our Google strategic alliance, we are on track and feel confident about the 2 big
projects that we've been working on, our first one is further along. And then the second one, but that's
really still timing-wise, in good shape. We do have a bigger idea that we have brought to the discussion,
and that is a huge focus of what the team is looking into. We're not ready to say whether that would be a
2022 release yet on top of the first 2 projects, but we do have a more aspirational idea that we're working
on in that co-innovation segment.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs.

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Just you had a nice step-up in the Intermodal margin in the quarter. I heard your comments around
bottlenecks maybe intensifying in the fourth quarter. And I'm not sure how you're looking about 2022 in
terms of timing of supply chain and congestion leaving. But putting all that together, is the 11.7% kind of
a number we can benchmark off of? Or is it difficult to assess given the supply channel situation?

Darren P. Field
Executive VP & President of Intermodal

Well, I think we've talked about our long-term margin targets of 10% to 12% back at the first quarter call
in April. And beyond that commentary, I don't think we can really highlight anything else.

Our mission right now is to achieve growth and achieve return on the investment of our equipment, and
those are the factors that drive our decisions in Intermodal.

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Just following. What about on any high -- the high-level costs around the supply chain situation going into
next year? I mean are you expecting alleviation then?

Darren P. Field
Executive VP & President of Intermodal

I think that we are all common sense people and realize that there will come a time when the congestion
eases. We are going to stop very short of predicting when that will happen because like you, we have no
idea. But if somebody told me in the second half of '22, things will loosen up a bit, I'm not going to be
surprised. But at the same time, we're going to have to wait and see.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Bascome Majors with Susquehanna.

Bascome Majors
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

18 months into this surge in supply chain disruption, when you sit down with your customers, what
is your sense for how things are changing in a permanent or a semipermanent nature from how they
procure freight and want to manage their supply chain? And what decisions are you making at the senior
management and Board level to capitalize on that not just next year but 2, 3, 4 years down the road?

Shelley Simpson
Chief Commercial Officer and Executive VP of People & Human Resources

I'll try to take that and see if anybody has something to add. I think our customers are hopeful that this is
not a permanent or a long-term position from how the supply chain is operating today. There is too much
uncertainty, which is driving too much cost in unplanned events whether that is unplanned on the shipping
side, where it should be shipping from or even where it's going to. So I think there is a good hope that
we can create more efficiency. That's something that we're working on with our customers. The last thing
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2021

we want to do is be inflationary in total without looking first to say what can we do to help our customers
meet their budgets overall.

I would tell you customers, in general, the theme accelerate is something we rolled out in our sales
summit February 2020. It could not have been a better theme as we moved into COVID, and we have
continued to see our customers accelerate on solutions, idea sets. I think they are leaning more into
providers that can do a multitude of different deliveries for them across the supply chain. Certainly, we
are seeing that with the market share gains across all 5 of our segments. And our customers are asking
us to consider and do things we've not done before. And so we are being open to solving for best answers
for them. We are agnostic as to how we move a shipment, so that helps create a differentiation in the
market for us, but they need a lot of help. They are constrained on labor, not just at their DC locations
but also just in their office personnel. And so we are leaning into our technology, our engineering teams, I
would say, across the board. Have a lot of confidence that we're going to be able to continue to take more
market share and help our customers be right when it comes to having an efficient supply chain.

Nicholas Hobbs
President of Contract Services, Executive VP & COO

I would just add that what we're seeing really is the customers trying to take control of everything they
can, which leans into us, as Shelley said. So they're getting ships. They're leasing their own ships. They're
wanting us to go into the ports for them to help them control their experience in there. And they want us
on the Intermodal side with transload. And then they're helping us with -- on the dedicated side with more
fleet. So it's really about customers gaining control of their supply chain, and that fits very well with us.

Bradley W. Hicks
Executive VP & President of Highway Services

The last thing I would say, this is Brad Hicks, is that recognizing the stress and the strain and disruption
that puts a lot of pressure on our customers' supply chain teams and it finds its way into our group.
And we remain remarkably proud of how our talented employees have helped navigate those choppy
waters. And so there's a lot of just pressure and stress, and our team has found a way to thrive in that
environment on behalf of our customers.

John N. Roberts
President, CEO & Director

Let me just -- this is John. I'll just finish the thought with that question on the Board. If we just -- we
are a return on invested capital business. And all of the needs and demands would hit the filter of if
we do this, do we achieve the kind of returns that we're used to and expect and that our owners and
our customers frankly expect because we reinvest. But that visibility, we have some performance P&Ls,
returns on those investments is vital to that last step of getting the approval to make the investments to
continue to grow the business as we have.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Tom Wadewitz with UBS.

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So I wanted to see if you could offer some thoughts on labor markets. I mean, it seems like you talked
about labor, labor, labor being the constraint. I'm thinking about Intermodal, in particular. I just wonder if
you could comment about some of the particular labor element, whether it's warehouse, rail, intermodal
terminals, your own drayage. Are you optimistic that if you look out a couple of quarters that labor
availability will increase? And if so, what -- is that just a function of paying people more?

And then I guess a related component, how do you think about vaccine mandates? And if you think that
goes into effect, what does that do to kind of a broader impact on the labor side?

Darren P. Field

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2021

Executive VP & President of Intermodal

Okay. Let me take that first, and then we'll have Nick comment on some thoughts around driver
availability and vaccine mandates as well and other labor thoughts. So I think our rail providers and the
transportation system that we're running, we're recruiting truck drivers at -- in Intermodal in addition to
the rest of the organization at an extremely rapid pace and it's difficult. I don't want that to come across
-- it's never been more difficult than it is today to find and attract and retain qualified drivers. It's very,
very challenging. And certainly, the costs are -- we're facing that.

I believe our rail providers are not immune to it and that contract workers inside the terminals continues
to be a challenge for the rail providers, but I think they have actions in place to counter that. And
certainly, at the end of the day, that simply means we all have to compete for that labor. The thing that
has been the most difficult for us to get eyes on is customer warehouse labor, and that's where there is a
significant bottleneck is our customers' ability to unload the demand that they have.

And so when you ask the question about what's -- do we see a future in which that changes, I don't know
that we have a line of sight to any kind of real dramatic improvements in it. But what we have line of sight
to is our customers have to process supply chains more efficiently to achieve their goals. And that seems
logical to us that they will attack this labor situation. Nick, you may add some more.

Nicholas Hobbs
President of Contract Services, Executive VP & COO

Yes. I would just say on the labor situation, it's across the board. It's maintenance, taxes, drivers. There's
going to be tremendous pressure on wages. I see that continuing on for quite some time, all throughout
the supply chain. On the Biden or the vaccine mandate or testing, we will be compliant with that. And
we're working with the third parties so that we -- if it becomes an order and gets through OSHA, then we'll
be compliant with it. It will be a lot of bureaucracy. I don't see it really helping the situation much other
than causing confusion in the supply chain even more. But we will be compliant with that and follow that
process. So it will have some impact on the industry, but we will make it through it.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ken Hoexter with Bank of America.

Kenneth Scott Hoexter
BofA Securities, Research Division

John and team, congrats on great results in a tough operating quarter. But just to clarify on the last
statement there, so if you're not seeing any shift or benefit as we move past peak and the supply chain,
right, it's not like the increased wages so far have increased. But then I guess to give Darren a quick
break, Shelley, Brad or Nick, from your perspective across the supply chain, is there any thoughts on
underlying demand or shift from what you see aside from peak outside of congestion? Obviously, we saw
some of the volumes down on Intermodal. Any thoughts just on underlying demand would be great.

Shelley Simpson
Chief Commercial Officer and Executive VP of People & Human Resources

Ken, thank you for those nice comments. I think all of us know if you go to the shelf today at a store,
many of those are empty. And we're hearing that directly from our customers as they are somewhat
surprised as to what's happening in peak and we are as well. It's pushing peak longer into November
and December, and that will make for more replenishment in the first quarter and even into the second
quarter of next year. So we do believe that the first quarter will be unusually stronger than it has been in
maybe a more typical environment really trying to get their shelves and inventory in the right places in the
right time. So demand from that perspective is still there in total. I don't have great comments about the
second half of the year because people are asking us and customers are really trying to do that through
their budget process right now. But I would say strong demand, optimistic, feel really good.

And then last comment, I've been asking retailers if they feel like because this Christmas season, the right
products won't be on the shelves, will gift cards be more here in this Christmas season. And I think that
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2021

we're leaning to a yes, which means there would be more shopping and more retail sales in January and,
obviously, more need for us to replenish any of those goods as well.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Todd Fowler with KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Todd Clark Fowler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Great. So Brad, I wanted to ask on the step-up in profitability in ICS. I know that the second half of this
year, there's kind of been a marker out that, that was when we could hit the inflection point. But I also
know there's been a lot of cross currents kind of in the brokerage market. So can you talk a little bit about
the improvement in profitability? And also, as we look to 2022, is that a year where ICS can be in the
targeted margin range of 4% to 6%?

Bradley W. Hicks
Executive VP & President of Highway Services

Yes. Thanks, Todd. We continue to progress on our strategy and the investments that we've made in
our people and our technology that will allow us to scale. And I think as you look back over really the
last several quarters, we've continued on that trend, and we remain supportive and optimistic as we
continue to move forward into Q4. Obviously, there are a tremendous amount of unknowns that have been
discussed at length this morning in all segments of our company as well as with our customers. But the
solutions that we're able to provide for our customers in the time of need, they're leaning in and we're
being very successful by being able to put them in the most efficient answer, whether that's our highway
product on J.B. Hunt 360box, whether that's Intermodal or even in ICS. And so I guess said a different
way, we remain very pleased with the progress and really see no reason that we won't continue to take
steps forward to create leverage as we scale the platform.

Shelley Simpson
Chief Commercial Officer and Executive VP of People & Human Resources

I might add to that. Scale is so important in the platform. We did start on the Carrier 360 side first and
then further launched with Shipper 360. We do believe that we have a good percentage of carriers that
are coming into our platform, looking at our shelves, if you will, and looking for product. And we have a
lot of empty shelves also because we don't have enough freight. And so we are very focused on making
sure that our platform is the destination location for carriers to be able to come in, search for what they
want and get the product that they need at the right time. We have high confidence in the amount of time
we've actually been with carriers and the different measurements that we're seeing continuing to break
records even in this very constrained environment. We are in a new mode with carriers. So that's allowing
us to go back into the demand side, talk to customers in a different way, but scaling is the most important
component for us in getting not only revenue growth for our business but primarily for our bottom line
profitability as well.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan.

Brian Patrick Ossenbeck
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Shelley and Brad, maybe a follow up on that last train of thought. When you look at the last 3 quarters,
ICS has had more spot than contract volume but that sort of shifted back this quarter. So can you
elaborate on how you're thinking about balancing that mix when things are so volatile against maybe
the opportunity to continue taking more share? And then can you just touch on the expectations for
productivity in 360? You mentioned there's 2 new efforts in automation. Is this more of a productivity
play? Or do you think this will help really grow the top line, which at least in 360, looked like it was a bit
flat quarter-over-quarter in this period?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2021

John Kuhlow
Executive VP, CFO, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer

Brian, I'll start. If I take you back momentarily, we have a strategy going into Q1 that we were
maintaining the cost level that we saw at the end of 2020. And really, we didn't win. And we talked about
that in our Q1 release. And then we started to see customers come back to us. And we started to grow
into the bid season through Q2 and Q3. And so we would anticipate wanting to continue to move forward
and be successful from a published standpoint and get maybe a little bit more balanced from a historical
perspective. Obviously, bid season just kicked off for this next year about 1.5 weeks ago. And so we'll see
where that sits, but it's certainly our expectation to continue to grow in published freight to create balance
against the spot opportunity. Some of that really goes back to the disruption that Shelley spoke of earlier
in the call, where freight patterns are different and freight demands are different. And some of that is
contributing to elongated spot needs. But I do believe as we think about moving forward, you'll look to see
more published balance.

Shelley Simpson
Chief Commercial Officer and Executive VP of People & Human Resources

And I would just add to that, Brian, that for our customers, in the contact and spot market, we have been
very disciplined in growing our platform and scaling the platform. We do not believe it's prudent for our
customers or ourselves to accept every order that a customer is asking us to accept that's outside of our
committed capacity. And there have been thousands of shipments per day that we are turning down that
we are talking to our customers about creating a better answer and a better solution in total.

And that's part of the reason that you see more spot than you see contract as well on top of what Brad
talked about. So I think that's really important. If I go to your question around automation, we think of
J.B. Hunt 360 as a full ecosystem that helps connect our shippers, our carriers and our people to that. So
automation is intended to be across those 3 groups that are interconnected in the platform. The current
automation is intended for our people, and so that's really connecting our Shipper 360 and Carrier 360
internally for our people and our new system. And we also have other automation ideas for both carriers
and for shippers that will help them be more productive over the long term as well.

Operator

Your last question comes from the line of Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.

Brandon Robert Oglenski
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

So I guess I'll try to encapsulate it here. I mean we're seeing so much inflation on the revenue side and
the cost side. And I think a lot of the questions were getting at this. Like how much of that is going to be
transitory? Or how much will your customers be thinking this is just the new cost of doing business? And
then on the flip side, if we do get cost efficiencies and the supply chain opens up next year, I mean, is it
possible we could see negative rates, but maybe even accretive to margins?

Shelley Simpson
Chief Commercial Officer and Executive VP of People & Human Resources

I think that's a really great question. I certainly hope that the costs that our customers are experiencing
today in their budget will not be the long-term cost for their budget. There are so many unplanned costs
happening in the supply chain today that we can get to a more static and a better, more efficient way to
move goods. We see that across all of our segments in total. But having said that, the underlying cost of
drivers, equipment, that is going to stay. I don't see, in this environment, taking driver wages down or
customers taking their own wages down. Our equipment is not getting any cheaper, so I would segment
the question into those 2 areas. Our base costs will continue, and that is going to be our new norm. But
the way shipments are moving are completely inefficient. We can help our customers become so much
more efficient, really take them out of that high cost to serve into more predictable cost servicing capacity
over the long term.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2021

A. Brad Delco
Vice President of Finance & Investor Relations

Okay. And then John, I think -- yes, thank you, Catherine. I think John wanted to close out with some
comments.

John N. Roberts
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I'll just close this up and say I think that you guys did a good job at [ ladies ] to get around the table.
We sometimes have too much information to cover, but I thought we did get to touch on the great work
happening in JBI and the opportunities that are present in that business with the Dedicated growth. It is a
good setup for us going forward. We -- I think you'll continue to see us in that industry-leading business.
Our highway services, across the board, I think are creating a lot of value in this disruptive time. And then
just last but not least, we didn't talk much about Final Mile.

But we definitely have to spot some of the short-term dynamics there. I think the point I want to make
is you can see if it's a comprehensive supply chain management approach with an agnostic view of how
we help. We will help the best value that we can present for our customers. And so I feel like that the
company is well positioned. And I think we're starting to see how the parts connect and how the team is
able to pivot and adjust much more quickly today than we have in the past. Of course, we're talking about
'22, and there's a lot of work to be done there.

I want to just say too that I'm super proud of this team. We've got -- we kept ourselves up sometimes in
the hard work we do. And this morning, it dawned on me that sometimes, we need to just take a deep
breath and say to ourselves, hey, nice job. And I think this team deserves that. Nice job, team.

And I'll just close with this. We're working hard on the people side. We've heard a lot about labor. We're
deeply invested right now at the executive level in our human resources teams, our people teams, as I
mentioned, compensation and benefits and the things that are going to help us stabilize that ability to
serve our customers is well underway. And we're thankful for every single member of J.B. Hunt teams.
They keep us moving, and they keep businesses. So we're appreciative. Thank you for being on the call
today and back to you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You
may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

