Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. NYSE:J
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, November 24, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.32

1.63

23.48

1.29

5.20

5.48

5.38

5.72

3430.07

3519.69

2.61

3376.33

13482.46

13566.98

0.63

13907.24

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-24-2020 1:56 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.19

1.31

1.01

1.32

1.20

1.39

1.26

1.63

0.84 %

6.11 %

24.75 %

23.48 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

14

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jonathan Doros
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Kevin C. Berryman
President, Executive VP & CFO

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Joshua Ward Sullivan
The Benchmark Company, LLC,
Research Division

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Michael J. Feniger
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Andrew John Wittmann
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Sean D. Eastman
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Steven Fisher
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Charles Albert Edward Dillard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Gautam J. Khanna
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Joseph William DeNardi
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Jacobs Fiscal Fourth Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference
over to your speaker today, Jon Doros, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.

Jonathan Doros
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning to all. Our earnings announcement was filed this morning, and we had posted a copy of the
slide presentation on our website, which we'll be referring to during the call.

I'd like to refer to you our forward-looking statement disclaimer, which is summarized on Slide 2. Certain
statements contained in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements, as such is defined in
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 as amended. And such statements are intended to be covered by the safe harbor provided by
the same. Statements made in this presentation that are not based on historical fact are forward-looking
statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements we are
making concerning the potential effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial condition
and results of operations; and our expectations as to the future growth prospects, financial outlook and
business strategy for fiscal 2021 and future fiscal years.

Although such statements are based on management's current estimates and expectations, and currently
available competitive, financial and economic data, forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain,
and you should not place undue reliance on such statements as actual results could -- may differ
materially. We caution the reader that there is a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could
cause actual results to be different materially from what is contained, projected or implied by our forward-
looking statements.

Such factors include the magnitude, timing, duration, ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and any
resulting economic downturn on our results, prospects and opportunities; and the reinstatement of easing
of shelter in place, stay at home, social distancing, travel restrictions and similar orders and measures
or restrictions imposed by governments, health officials in response to the pandemic; the development,
effectiveness and distribution of vaccines or treatments for COVID-19; and the timing, amount and details
of any government stimulus programs enacted in response to COVID-19 and the resulting economic
impact.

For a description of these and other risks, uncertainties and other factors that may occur that could cause
actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements, see our annual report on Form 10-K for the
year ended October 2, 2020, which was filed this morning. We are not under any duty to update any of
the forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation to confirm to actual results, except as
required by applicable law.

During this presentation, we'll be referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to Slide 2 of the
presentation for more information on these figures. In addition, during the presentation, we will discuss
comparisons of current results to prior periods on a pro forma basis. See Slide 2 for more information on
the calculation of these pro forma metrics. For pro forma comparisons, current and prior periods include
the results of the Wood Nuclear business, which closed on March 2020. We have provided historical pro
forma results in the appendix of the investor presentation. We believe this information helps provide
additional insight into the underlying trends of our business when comparing current performance against
prior periods.

Turning to the agenda on Slide 3. Speaking on today's call will be Jacobs' Chair and CEO, Steve
Demetriou; President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Pragada; and President and Chief Financial Officer,
Kevin Berryman. Steve will begin by discussing our Jacobs Focus 2023 initiative, then provide an overview

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

of our leading sustainable solutions and then recap our financial results and outlook. Bob will then review
our performance by line of business. And Kevin will provide some more in-depth discussion of our financial
metrics, followed by additional detail on Focus 2023 and our integration updates as well as review our
balance sheet and cash flow. Finally, Steve will provide a detail on our financial outlook along with some
closing remarks, and then we'll open up the call for your questions.

With that, I'll now pass it over to Steve Demetriou, Chair and CEO.

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, John. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2020
business performance and strategy update. We hope everyone is staying safe and healthy as the pandemic
continues to impact all facets of our daily lives and our loved ones.

As we work with our pharma supply chain to support the development and distribution of a vaccine, we
must not lose sight of the severity of the situation globally. Here at Jacobs, aligned with our core value of
we do things right, we will continue to prioritize the health of our employees and our communities. During
this pandemic, we have prudently adjusted our cost structure while continuing key strategic investments
to position Jacobs to accelerate growth as the economy recovers. We have continued to take deliberate
strategic actions to drive inclusivity and diversity of thought across Jacobs as well as making targeted
investments to accelerate our digital capabilities. We strongly believe these investments position Jacobs
to capture a compelling growth opportunity to emerge as a uniquely positioned strategic consultant and
delivery partner across a diverse set of sectors where we have deep domain expertise.

We believe having a strategic approach to delivering these next-generation, technology-enabled solutions
will be the key differentiator. To capture this opportunity, we are embarking on the next phase of our
strategic transformation, which we're calling Focus 2023. Through our Focus 2023, we are accelerating the
adoption of digital technology across all facets of our operations, led by a game-changing future of work
initiative for our employees.

Focus 2023 will include a reduction in our physical real estate footprint by more than 30% as we
significantly shift to a more flexible and virtual workforce. Our physical office space will be modernized into
collaborative learning and customer briefing centers while providing our employees flexible workspaces.
We expect that by 2023, this transformative initiative will result in more than $200 million of annual
benefits as compared to 2020, which gives us flexibility to materially invest in our business to drive growth
through technology-enabled solutions. We look forward to updating you on Focus 2023 in coming quarters.

Now turning to our business performance on Slide 5. We delivered a strong fourth quarter and a solid total
fiscal year 2020 in the face of headwinds from the global pandemic. Total fiscal 2020 revenue increased
5% year-over-year, and our backlog ended the fiscal year up 6%. Fiscal 2020 adjusted EBITDA grew
7% year-over-year, and we generated $689 million in free cash flow, representing 96% free cash flow
conversion to adjusted net income when excluding nonrecurring items. This demonstrates the strong cash
generation capability of our business portfolio, a key tenet of our investment thesis.

As we look forward to the full fiscal year 2021, we continue to expect net revenue and adjusted EBITDA
growth. While our 2021 adjusted EPS guidance does not include the benefit from any material future share
repurchases, our expectation is that we will lean forward in 2021 with additional capital deployment. We
expect progress toward our longer term leverage target. And as we do that, we'll maintain a prudent
approach to execute acquisitions and share repurchases that are aligned to our long-term strategic vision
and that will drive the most value for our shareholders.

Since beginning our transformation in 2015, our organic growth performance combined with capital
deployment actions, such as acquiring CH2M to accelerate global leadership in high-value sectors such
as water and environmental; acquiring KeyW to strengthen our position in mission IT, cyber and space
intelligence; and the timely divestiture of our oil and gas business have all collectively created significant
value for our shareholders. And as the next step in our thoughtful capital deployment strategy, this
morning, we announced the acquisition of cyber and intelligence leader, The Buffalo Group, to further

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

accelerate our offerings in the high priority area of national security spending. I'd like to take this moment
to welcome the nearly 900 talented colleagues that joined Jacobs today. While we have a robust pipeline
of additional strategic acquisition targets, any decision to deploy capital toward an acquisition will be
based on the transaction providing a higher risk-adjusted return than repurchasing of our shares.

Turning to Slide 6. I'd like to highlight the major role that Jacobs plays in delivering global sustainable
solutions. We're honored to now be included in the Dow Jones Sustainable North America Index, which is
an important milestone in our ESG journey. As I outlined, investing in high-value innovative sustainable
solutions is a key pillar of our strategy. We continue to believe the global water and environmental sectors,
along with many other sustainable markets, have decades of strong secular growth ahead. Our strategy is
to combine a differentiated technology-driven approach with years of proven delivery at all scales to solve
the most complex global challenges and opportunities.

The importance of these sectors and our Jacobs' capabilities will likely increase under a Biden
administration given the President-Elect's commitment to rejoin the Paris Climate Accord as well as the
prioritization of key areas such as clean energy, including solar, wind, hydrogen and geothermal. The U.S.
and other countries are also expected to quickly move to set regulations on emerging contaminants like
PFAS and ensuring access to clean drinking water. Not only do these solutions benefit the communities in
which we live and thrive, but from a financial standpoint, the margins from these type of solutions tend to
be higher than our corporate average, providing a tailwind to our margin expansion targets.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob Pragada to provide more detail by line of business.

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Thank you, Steve. And now moving on to Slide 7 to review our Critical Mission Solutions performance.
During the fourth quarter, our CMS business performed well, demonstrating CMS's resiliency and
alignment to the diverse set of high-value sectors we serve, such as national security, space exploration,
intelligence, nuclear life cycle solutions and the deployment of 5G infrastructure.

Total CMS backlog is at $9.1 billion, representing a 3% year-over-year growth on a pro forma basis and
does not include our previously awarded Kings Bay Intelligent Asset Management win, which we fully
expect a clear protest in early April. Importantly, approximately half of our bookings during the fourth
quarter were from new business.

We expect the underlying demand for our solutions to remain strong under President-Elect Biden's
administration. Our strategy in CMS continues to be focused on high priority areas, such as winning new
complex system sustainment opportunities, deploying our intelligent asset management technology and
providing next-generation IT modernization and cybersecurity solutions. Today's acquisition of The Buffalo
Group advances our cyber and intelligence business with additional high-priority cyber analytics, all-source
intelligence and artificial intelligence capabilities. It also provides us immediate access to full and open,
cyber and intelligent contract vehicles such as the Solutions for Intelligence Analysis 3 contract that will
provide revenue synergy opportunities.

In fact, CMS's cyber business since acquiring KeyW and now The Buffalo Group has more than tripled
the number of deep relationships within the intelligence community, now standing at 11 of the 17 total
agencies. The Buffalo Group not only brings prime contract support for the DIA, National Geospatial
Intelligence Agency, Department of State and Department of Treasury within the intelligence community,
but also prime support for Spacecom and CENTCOM, significantly increasing Jacobs' combatant command
relationships to 7 of the 11 total.

I'd like to now review our sectors with updates on fourth quarter results, some notable wins and the
outlook for 2021. Our U.S. federal civilian business made up 37% of CMS's FY '20 pro forma revenue,
with the majority of the revenue coming from our NASA and DOE clients. Jacobs' provides broad support
to NASA relating to its accelerated work to return to the moon and then eventually extend mankind's
reach to Mars. NASA continues to make progress towards these national goals despite the challenges of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

teleworking and a reduced on-site workforce. Jacobs NASA portfolio demonstrated strong growth in Q4,
and we expect the performance to continue in fiscal year 2021.

During the quarter, the Kennedy Space Center Test and Operations Support Contract, or TOSC, recognized
increased contract activity. At Kennedy, Jacobs supports key space exploration programs, such as the
International Space Station, ground systems development and operations, space launch systems, Orion
multipurpose crew vehicle and launch services programs, including the Artemis-I mission.

Moving to our North American nuclear portfolio. We had anticipated that our DOE and Atomic Energy of
Canada nuclear contracts would be impacted moderately in the second half of the fiscal year because of
the Jacobs teams needed to be -- to operate under physical distancing constraints that decreased the on-
site workforce. However, today, the nuclear portfolio is operating better than expected at approximately
85% of normal operating levels. Our nuclear remediation contracts are well positioned for growth as the
DOE receives bipartisan support from Congress.

Shifting to the U.S. Department of Defense sector. That makes up 18% of CMS's FY '20 revenue.
We provide a wide range of mission-critical services performed at government sites or in highly
secured facilities, including crew force readiness, digital modernization, hypersonics and critical energy
technologies that are all high priorities for the DOD. In Q3, much of our work at military test ranges
was impacted moderately by physical distancing requirements and operated at roughly 80% of normal
capacity. Today, our defense portfolio is operating at 95% of normal levels, and we expect it to continue at
similarly high levels in Q1 -- through Q1 of 2021.

During the quarter, we were also awarded a $100 million 66-month GISA Enterprise Transport Information
Technology or GET contract to operate and maintain intelligence collection and dissemination networks and
provide digital modernization for the U.S. Army Intelligence and security command.

Now moving to the U.S. intelligence community, which contributed 22% of CMS's FY '20 revenue. Our
ISR, advanced engineering, cyber and intelligence businesses provided -- provide solutions to this highly
resilient sector. Our clients in the intelligence community must continue to procure these critical services
that protect against increased cyber threats and to preserve continuity of operations, while at the same
time, responding to the need to reduce their on-site workforce. The portfolio performed in line with
improved expectations at 95% of normal operating levels in Q4.

Shifting now to our commercial business. This business made up 8% of CMS's fiscal year 2020 revenues.
In telecom, we provide solutions for wireless and wireline networks, including the build-out of 5G in
national communications priority. This business was impacted moderately in Q3, primarily due to access
limitations. We expect this business to strengthen over the coming quarters and to return to its strong
long-term demand rates.

We continue to work with AT&T, T-Mobile and new customers like DISH Network, where we recently won a
3-year IDIQ to provide engineering, design and technical services in support of DISH Networks' nationwide
build-out of 5G services. For the automotive sector, we not only design and operate product R&D facilities,
we also actively support several OEMs with product testing services. While there has been a slowing
demand for new R&D facility projects, our product testing services are now back to full strength. We were
recently awarded a 2-year contract from a major automotive manufacturer that utilized KeyW's geospatial
imagery solution for greater smart car applications.

Finally, our CMS international sector made up 15% of CMS's pro forma revenue for fiscal year 2020 and
includes nuclear life cycle solutions, support for the U.K. Ministry of Defense on its Continuous At Sea
Deterrent program and air and land weapons programs in the U.K. and Australia. Our Q4 impact was in
line with the expectations with the business operating at 95% of normalized run rate, with a small portion
of site workers unable to access and a portion of their cost being covered by the U.K. government furlough
scheme.

Last week, the U.K. MoD announced a significant spending increase as compared to previous years, with
the military to receive a 10% increase over the next 4 years. Jacobs is well positioned in the focused
areas of spend to include a new national cyber force, space command and artificial intelligence agency.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Additional growth prospects are expected from the U.K.'s 10-point plan for green recovery to achieve net
0 emissions by 2050 and Australia's NATO commitment to funding 2% of its GDP to the DoD.

In summary, our overall sales pipeline remains robust, with the next 18-month qualified new business
pipeline in excess of $30 billion, including more than $10 billion in source selection and an increase in
margin profile. We continue to see strong structural demand for our high-value solutions that align to high
priority areas of the federal government.

Moving to People & Places Solutions on Slide 8. The diversified nature of our People & Places business
and our ability to shift capacity across our now virtual global integrated delivery model resulted in solid
performance during the fourth quarter despite impacts from the global pandemic. Net revenue was up 8%
from the same quarter last year and 6.2% on a full year basis. Q4 backlog is up 4.2% to $14.7 billion,
which is the best quarter in history in gross margin bookings. Our bookings have held strong during
COVID and remain consistent with pre-COVID levels. We believe that our business is well positioned to
benefit from state, local and national government economic relief packages in places like the U.S., U.K.,
Singapore and other focused geographies. Depending on the timing and size, we expect this to further
strengthen our pipeline.

Turning to our buildings and infrastructure geography. The Americas, including our federal and
environmental business, continue to be our strongest performing geographies. A potential U.S. federal
economic relief package later in the year, with a gear towards protecting vulnerable infrastructure sectors
such as transit and aviation in the near term or a broader jobs creation package meant to simulate long-
term growth, could provide a boost to the infrastructure sector, not only in the traditional shovel-ready
projects but also in the shovel-worthy projects that have had -- that had long ranging impacts such as
combating negative effects of climate change and accelerating decarbonization efforts, autonomous
vehicle infrastructure, goods movement and health and research.

Furthermore, the U.S. Highway Trust Fund gap stop extension passed by Congress strengthens our
transportation pipeline for the first half of the year. Accelerated implementation of digital technologies is
optimizing our clients' operational spend and mitigating their revenue challenges.

Our business in the water sector continues to be resilient, including a recent award of a $195 million
contract to deliver the regional surface water supply project for the Stanislaus Regional Water Authority
in California. Additional actions being evaluated by the U.S. federal government could further accelerate
investments in drinking water, wastewater, flood protection and climate resilience.

Environmental and green economy projects have been strong for us in the quarter with 2 exciting
awards, a significant design project to support a confidential global client in the United States with green
energy transportation solutions in the manufacturing space; and a multiyear contract to deliver what
is anticipated to be one of the U.S.'s largest battery electric bus facility in King County, Washington,
providing a sustainable and socially equitable transportation solution.

In Europe and the Middle East, the business remains steady, supported by key sectors such as highways
and rail. We believe that future growth opportunities exist in high-speed rail, digital infrastructure and
green energy. We had a number of awards in the rail sector across Europe, including a 10-year contract
for historic railways and state professional services.

Our focus on digital is delivering growth, and we are increasingly supporting utility clients with their
cybersecurity challenges. As an example, for national grid electricity transmission, we are leveraging
expertise from our P&PS and CMS teams to achieve cybersecurity compliance across the operational
technologies. We maintain thought leadership in emerging contaminants globally, including a recent award
with a European regulator to determine the extent of PFAS contamination in their jurisdiction, leading the
way in the environmental market as Europe grapples with these emerging contaminants.

In the Middle East, key sectors such as infrastructure, water and environmental remain steady. We expect
a sustained investment to deliver on diversification away from hydrocarbon-reliant commitments, and
we anticipate moderate growth from critical infrastructure's green economy, health care and defense
sectors. Building on our success in the Middle East, we are contributing to the region's aspiration for a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

more sustainable future. The recent award of a project that will help set the environmental strategy for
the Emirate of Dubai is a great example on how we are adding significant value to the country.

Moving to our Asia Pacific geography. India, Southeast Asia, Australia and New Zealand have been
resilient during the pandemic, and the prospect of government stimulus funding reinforces our pipeline of
opportunities. Demonstrating this resilience is the continuation of our decade-plus relationship with the
Indian Navy and the program award to deliver a greenfield naval air station in the west of the country, the
largest of its kind.

I'll now discuss our core sectors globally beginning with our advanced facilities business, which continues
its growth trajectory. Life sciences remains strong with COVID-related project awards progressing rapidly
through the first quarter of 2021 and several others on the horizon to meet demand of the next phase
of COVID vaccine manufacturing facilities. Future opportunities include capacity expansion in Europe and
Asia as well as support the governments on vaccine distribution. In addition, increased cloud computing
is driving the need for data centers and chip manufacturing facilities, creating a meaningful growth
opportunity for us.

In the transportation sector, agencies remain committed to existing projects, such as aging road
infrastructure, providing an opportunity for economic recovery. Despite limited global mobility during the
pandemic, our clients have been clear around continuing funding opportunities. Our rail and transit clients
are pressing forward with capital investments in digitally enabled innovations and aviation clients are
planning for future investments.

Moving to the built environment sector. Smart, secure and connected infrastructure and the future of the
workplace are influencing demand. The focus of our global health care crisis response team is gaining
momentum with an increase in health care awards and in the pipeline across all geographies. As an
example, we were recently awarded health investment and technical advisory services for a Middle East
government entity and a therapeutic goods laboratory project in Asia Pacific.

In the water sector, we are seeing accelerated implementation of digital technology such as smart
metering, automation and remote management as well as focus on cyber resilience. While some utilities
have experienced significant revenue impact during the pandemic, pre-approved programs remain in
place. We anticipate periodic pauses as they reprioritize capital budgets to focus on operational spend,
budget optimization and digital transformation. The environmental sector is seeing an uptick, with green
recovery being pledged in Europe and in Australia and a shift towards green energy investments in the
U.S., which could be a growth catalyst later in 2021.

Across all core sectors, our discrete solution sets are making progress, allowing us to cross-sell and
leverage our global market connectivity. While economic and geopolitical indicators point to continued
volatility, we remain optimistic due to our resilient and balanced portfolio across core sectors and
geographies and our agility responding to shifting market trends.

Now I'll turn the call over to Kevin to discuss our financial performance in more detail.

Kevin C. Berryman
President, Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Bob. Let's now turn to Slide 9 for a more detailed summary of our financial performance for
the fourth quarter. Before I begin, please note that our fiscal fourth quarter 2020 included an extra week
compared with the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. While this impact was factored into our guidance, it
represented approximately $100 million in a year-over-year net revenue tailwind for each of CMS and
People & Places.

Fourth quarter gross revenue, as a result, increased 4% year-over-year with pro forma net revenue up
2%. People & Places net revenue was up 8% year-over-year, and Critical Mission Solutions declined 3.6%
on a pro forma basis. The CMS decline was mainly attributed to the early impact from transitioning off of
2 lower margin contracts, as I will explain later in more detail. It is important to note CMS operating profit
on a pro forma basis increased 14% year-over-year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Adjusted gross margin in the quarter as a percentage of net revenue was 23.5%, down 135 basis points
year-over-year. The lower gross margin was driven by a combination of factors, primarily within People &
Places, including overall revenue mix, the comparison versus a very strong year-ago quarter, the impact
of some project closeout costs and the previously discussed flow-through effect of the reimbursable rate
of a more efficient fixed cost structure in the LOB. The lower reimbursement rate for fixed cost is more
than offset by the underlying lower level of G&A costs. This impact to reimbursable rates from our cost
structure is also reflected in overall lower G&A as a percentage of net revenue of 100 basis points year-
over-year to 14.4%. As it pertains to G&A, the fourth quarter continued to benefit from lower travel and
employee-related medical costs.

GAAP operating profit was $22 million and included $211 million of restructuring, transaction and other
charges, of which the vast majority was associated with our recently announced Focus 2023 initiative
and $24 million of other charges consisting of $23 million of amortization from acquired intangibles and
$1 million of costs associated with the Worley transition services agreement. Adjusting for these items,
adjusted operating profit was $258 million, up 2% from the prior year figure.

Our adjusted operating profit to net revenue was 9.1%, down 30 basis points year-over-year on a
reported basis, a result of the lower People & Places margins discussed earlier. This was partially offset by
improved Critical Mission's margins and flat year-over-year unallocated corporate expense. I'll discuss the
underlying drivers of these costs on the line of business review slide.

GAAP net earnings and EPS from continuing operations were $70 million and $0.53 per share, and
included $1.22 per share of after tax restructuring, transaction and other charges, as noted above; an
amortization charge of acquired intangibles of $0.13, both of which were partially offset by a $0.34 net
benefit, largely driven by the mark-to-market adjustments associated with our Worley equity stake.
Excluding these items, second quarter adjusted EPS was $1.63, including a $0.24 benefit from discrete
tax items. Excluding discrete tax items in both the current and year ago quarter, underlying adjusted EPS
was essentially flat year-over-year. Q4 adjusted EBITDA was $277 million and was up 1% year-over-year,
reaching 9.8% of net revenue.

Finally, turning to our bookings during the quarter. Our pro forma book-to-bill ratio was 1.04 for Q4, driven
by solid bookings from both lines of business. As Bob noted, the over $400 million previously awarded
Kings Bay Intelligent Asset Management win remains in protest, and as a result, is excluded from our
backlog figures. We expect to be notified of a resolution in mid-fiscal year 2021.

From a pipeline standpoint, we continue to be encouraged by strong new business dynamics within Critical
Mission Solutions. We believe nearly all of the opportunities we are pursuing have strong bipartisan
support as they are high-priority areas associated with national security.

We believe that the People & Places Solutions business overall sales pipeline also supports strong long-
term growth. We continue to see changes in the underlying composition and timing of opportunities,
driven by a more environmentally friendly U.S. administration as well as COVID-related impacts.

Turning to Slide 10. Let me summarize our fiscal 2020 performance. For the full year, revenue increased
7% and net revenue increased 2.5% pro forma for the Wood Nuclear acquisition. GAAP operating profit
was $536 million, and adjusted operating profit was $970 million, up 9% versus the year ago figures.
Adjusted EBITDA was $1.05 billion and increased 7%, reaching 9.6% of net revenue. Our fiscal year 2020
book-to-bill was 1.07x.

And before leaving our consolidated annual results, I would like to make some summary comments
regarding our first half and second half performance. Fiscal 2020 has been defined by a year of 2 very
different halves. Prior to COVID, our first half performance was indicative of strong momentum, with pro
forma growth net revenue growth of over 6% and double-digit pro forma operating profit growth, resulting
in operating profit margins up 50 basis points year-over-year. As the pandemic took hold, our teams
quickly adjusted plans for the second half of the year as we've recognized that physical distancing and
economic disruption would impact our earlier revenue momentum. Revenue ended up being relatively flat
in the second half versus both the second half of 2019 and the first half of 2020, indicating the resilience
of our portfolio.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Importantly, our teams were able to successfully manage to a lower cost structure than our original plan
with costs reduced over $100 million during the second half versus our original plan. The agility of our
teams to adjust rapidly was profound, and we are proud of them for having successfully mitigated the
economic disruption to the company and the impact to our clients.

So regarding our LOB performance, let's turn to Slide 11. Starting with CMS, as expected, pro forma
revenue declined 3.6% year-over-year during the fourth quarter. Excluding the impact from the 2 large
lower margin contracts we are transitioning off and the benefit of the extra week of revenue, growth would
have also been down low single digits year-over-year, driven by the impacts associated with COVID-19.

While revenue was down, CMS operating profit was $108 million, up 14% year-over-year on a pro forma
basis, with operating profit margin up 140 basis points year-over-year to 8.1%. Even factoring in the extra
week in the fourth quarter, operating profit would have increased high single digits year-over-year. The
improvement was driven by our strategy to focus on higher-margin opportunities with some additional
benefit from favorable project closeouts. From a full year perspective, pro forma revenue was down 1%,
and operating profit on a pro forma basis increased 8%. Operating profit margin increased 70 basis points
to 7.5% from fiscal 2019 against -- again, consistent with our strategy to expand our CMS margins.

Looking into fiscal 2021, we expect CMS reported net revenue to be up low single digits as we ramp new
wins and benefit from newly acquired higher margin revenue. Given the strategy to capture higher value
opportunities and the benefit from acquisitions, we expect reported operating profit growth to be up
double digits. We do believe that the improvements will be more back half-oriented given the impact from
the 2 lower margin contracts will be more than offset with the new higher margin business later in the
second half.

Moving to People & Places Solutions. Q4 net revenue was up 8% year-over-year but would have been
relatively flat, excluding the benefit of the extra week during the fourth quarter. Operating profit was
down 8% year-over-year. And as a percentage of net revenue, operating profit was 12.2% for the quarter,
down over 210 basis points year-over-year, driven mainly by COVID-related headwinds in the quarter,
some project closeout costs and the strong -- very strong year-ago quarter, which benefited from project
closeout benefits. From a full year perspective, PPS net revenue was up 6%, with operating profit up 4%,
reaching an operating profit margin of 12.4%, slightly down versus a year ago due to pressure associated
with COVID-19 in the second half.

Looking forward, we expect People & Places revenue to be up low single digits for fiscal 2021, with
relatively flat growth in the first half of the fiscal year. We expect operating profit margin as a percent
of net revenue to increase modestly from fiscal 2020, given the higher-margin mix in our sales pipeline
and lower costs from our Focus 2023 initiatives. These benefits will be largely offset in 2021 by additional
costs as we transition from cost mitigation efforts executed during the second half of fiscal 2020 to a more
sustainable cost structure in 2021 and beyond associated with driving profitable growth.

Our nonallocated corporate costs were $33 million for the quarter, flat from the year ago period. On an
annual basis, nonallocated corporate costs were $143 million, up 9% year-over-year. Looking forward to
2021, we expect our nonallocated corporate costs to be higher, driven mainly by inflation and medical
costs, improved employee benefits and an increase in employee discretionary medical procedures that
were put on hold during fiscal 2020 due to COVID-19 concerns.

Now turning to Slide 12. I would like to update you on our Focus 2023 and M&A integration. As Steve
discussed, the pandemic has fundamentally changed nearly all facets of the economy, which has provided
us the ability to challenge our current processes to reinvest how we deliver solutions to our customers in
the future. During Q4, we formed a dedicated internal team with assistance from an external adviser to
examine the future work and other transformational opportunities. We are embarking upon a strategic
initiative, Focus 2023, that we believe will lead to enhanced employee experience, improve our ability to
capture emerging high growth, high-margin opportunities and drive a more efficient cost structure through
increased automation and process alignment from improved longer-term profitability.

During the quarter, we incurred a nearly $200 million charge related to our Focus 2023 initiative, of which
there was only $1 million in cash outflow during the quarter. Of the charge, approximately 80% was

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

related to noncash real estate lease impairments as we plan to decrease our physical footprint by over
30%. The remainder of the costs are related to strategically leaning out the organization. In 2021, we
project that we will have more than another $30 million in onetime costs associated with our Focus 2023
initiative.

Our initiative has already generated approximately $75 million in quick win cost savings in fiscal 2021.
This is allowing the company to offset the incremental cost noted earlier expected in fiscal 2021 as
compared to our lower cost structure associated with our COVID mitigation efforts in fiscal year 2020. In
addition, it's expected that the run rate of these quick wins will provide another $25 million in savings in
2022 as we realize the full annual run rate benefits into the next year.

Beyond these quick one savings, we believe there are substantial additional benefits approaching
another $100 million into 2022 and 2023, which we will believe support incremental investments that will
accelerate our growth and drive towards a more digital, innovative company that provides unique value-
added solutions to our clients. We will provide additional detail of our Focus 2023 initiative during our
expected Investor Day in the first half of calendar year 2021 and provide an update on our fiscal year '21
Q1 earnings call.

Now turning to our acquisition of Wood's nuclear business. We are on track to achieve our targeted $12
million in run rate cost savings, and the business continues to perform in line with our original target
despite top line headwinds from physical distancing.

And finally, the acquisition of The Buffalo Group was announced today. While terms of the transaction were
not disclosed, the acquisition is expected to deliver $0.08 to $0.10 of adjusted EPS accretion during fiscal
2021. And the cost of the acquisition represents approximately 9x expected next 12 months adjusted
EBITDA when including the tax benefits from the acquisition. And finally, when including all initiatives,
including Focus 2023 and all M&A efforts, we expect the total estimated amount of approximately $80
million of P&L charges and $110 million in related cash outflows during fiscal 2021.

Now on to cash flow generation and the balance sheet on Slide 13. During the quarter, we generated $403
million in free cash flow as a result of very strong collections and lower headwinds from cash restructuring.
Q4 cash flow included a positive $23 million of net onetime benefits primarily due to a pandemic-related
cash tax deferral, partly offset by headwinds from cash outflows associated with restructuring and other
items.

For fiscal year 2020, we generated $689 million in free cash flow, above our original expectation. Our
annual free cash flow included $10 million of net nonrecurring outflows. When excluding this $10 million
net headwind for the full year, the company delivered a 96% free cash flow conversion to our adjusted net
income figure for the year, demonstrating the strong free cash flow capabilities of the business. Over the
medium term, we continue to target 100% conversion of recurring cash flow from adjusted net earnings.

As previously stated, we expect approximately $110 million cash outflows related to Focus 2023 and other
restructuring and integration during fiscal 2021. We also expect a reversal of pandemic-related UK payroll
tax benefits recognized in fiscal 2020 of at least $40 million. That results in an expected total headwind of
$150 million of cash outflows in the fiscal year 2021, including these onetime items.

DSO performance in Q4 was the major driver to our improved free cash flow improvement, down almost
9 days from 3Q 2020 as many of the collection process improvement initiatives implemented gained
traction. We are focused on maintaining this lower DSO level, which will be a major driver to our ability to
deliver a 1x free cash flow conversion target long term.

And now moving to the balance sheet. Given the strong free cash flow for the quarter and year, we ended
the quarter with cash of approximately $900 million and a gross debt of $1.7 billion, resulting in $800
million in net debt before attributing the benefit of the Worley equity. Treating the Worley equity as cash,
our pro forma net debt to expected adjusted 2021 EBITDA is approximately 0.5x, a clear indication of the
strength of our balance sheet.

Regarding capital deployment, during the quarter, we repurchased approximately $50 million worth of
our shares. For modeling purpose, we would expect an average share count of $131 million for the first

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

quarter 2021 and fiscal year 2021, excluding additional material share buyback activity. Of course, as
Steve noted in his opening comments, our plan is to proactively deploy our capital as we plan for the
transition out of a COVID-19 environment.

Regarding our effective tax rate, we continue to expect an adjusted effective tax rate of 24% for the fiscal
2021 year, in line with our longer-term normalized adjusted tax rate in the range of 23% to 25%.

Finally, given our strong balance sheet and free cash flow, we remain committed to our quarterly dividend,
which was increased earlier this year and declared at $0.19 per share. As you know, our current dividend
level represents an increase of 12% versus a year ago.

Now I'll turn it back over to Steve for our outlook and closing comments on Slide 14.

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

All right. Thank you, Kevin. Now let me review our total company outlook for fiscal 2021. We expect
adjusted EBITDA outlook to be a range of $1.055 billion to $1.155 billion, which represents year-over-year
growth. Adjusted EPS is expected to be a range of $5.20 to $6.00. It's important to note that our guidance
does not include any benefit from material future share repurchase activity. We do expect to fully utilize
our balance sheet capacity over time through share repurchases or acquisitions that provide returns in
excess of buyback.

Looking beyond fiscal 2021, we expect adjusted EBITDA growth to rebound to double-digit adjusted
EBITDA as we benefit from our Focus 2023 initiative as well as potential infrastructure-related stimulus
and economic recovery.
Operator, we'll now open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Can you expand on Focus 2023 initiative? I'm sure we'll hear more at the Analyst Day, but just touch on
what are the additional pillars beyond the cost reductions that we're talking about here. And Kevin, maybe
just a clarification, how much of the $200 million savings do you expect to reinvest in digital? When we
look at it on a run rate basis in 2023, what's going to be the net number we should keep in mind?

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

Jerry, just sort of at a high level, the 2 major pillars really -- and the first one is really growth. It's all
about driving the next-generation technology growth. We've obviously learned a lot over this past 10,
11 months with what happened during the pandemic, and it's really given us tremendous opportunity to
accelerate our solution set across a variety of sectors that Bob really covered in both LOBs.

And the second pillar is delivering our work more efficiently, effectively. We have a huge opportunity with
what we outlined with regard to the way we're going to have a much more dynamic operating model
moving forward with flexible workspace, continued remote working. So a significant opportunity to reduce
cost. But it goes far beyond just the real estate and travel. It's really back-office efficiency, procurement
and a whole host of other things that should deliver significant cost savings. So those are sort of the
combination that, again, together unleashes a growth trajectory for Jacobs moving forward. Kevin, on --
so more on the financial side?

Kevin C. Berryman
President, Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Jerry, so if you think about the savings associated with Focus 2023, I already quoted some of the
numbers. But to note, that couple hundred million dollars, almost $200 million of onetime costs, it's
primarily associated with lease impairment cost, noncash charge. And if you think about what that
translates into in terms of the reduction in the, let's call it, the real estate cost going forward, it's roughly
$35 million, of which the vast majority is associated with the reduction in lease costs.

So as you think about that, there's obviously much more savings on top of that, which totaled to the $75
million we talked about with a run rate of an additional $100 million. Those are related to the initiatives
about leaning out the organization and the efficiencies gained with ultimately the investments in tools and
capabilities and training associated with Focus '23. It is really clear that we've learned a ton during these
last 9 months, and we're taking full advantage of that and being proactive and leaning forward to help
take these learnings and create something even better for ourselves and our clients and our people going
forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from Joseph DeNardi with Stifel.

Joseph William DeNardi
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I guess for Kevin, Steve mentioned making progress on the margin targets. Can you remind us what those
are at this point? I think at the Investor Day, it was kind of high 8s for CMS, low 13s for PPS. I don't think
the FY '21 guidance implies to get there next year. So can you just kind of remind us where the targets
are and what the time line is and I don't know, kind of what the earnings power is from all of what you're
talking about here this morning?
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Kevin C. Berryman
President, Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Look, I think as you -- before COVID actually, the People & Places business was pretty much on target
to deliver that kind of margin target in 2020. And that got disrupted a little bit given the second half of the
year, Joe. But I think that at the end of the day, we're going to be right close to those kind of figures in
2020 -- '21 fiscal year. On CMS, I think we're going to be right there in terms of the margin targets that
we had characterized back in 2016, kind of mid-8s, hopefully maybe a little bit higher. But I think that
that's what our expectations are for CMS. So I think we're right there.

You have noted in our comments that the CMS margins are going to be driven by a relatively lower
revenue growth because we're working off some of these other longer-term contracts, but that's going to
be replaced by a more robust margin profile business over the course of 2021, leading to a really strong
margin profile consistent with what the original targets were for 2021.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Crédit Suisse.

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Just first question to follow-up on the question that was just asked. On the margins, you're talking about
hitting the margin targets in 2021 that you laid out, I think, in 2019. But I guess given the incremental
$200 million plus in costs that we're taking, how do we think about the longer-term margin profile? Can
we get better margins than what we laid out in '19? Or do we need this to achieve that given COVID?

And then my second question, any color that you can provide on the Buffalo acquisition in terms of how
that -- the organic sales growth or EBITDA or margin of that business? And I'm just trying to understand,
excluding Buffalo, would you have grown your 2021 EBITDA year-over-year like you laid out earlier in the
year?

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Just, Jamie, to start with before I hand it back to Kevin for maybe some more financial backup is that,
yes, we expect the Focus 2023 to give us incremental margin improvement as we get beyond 2021. It's
one of the major opportunities and objectives of that initiative. And the Buffalo acquisition is accretive
to CMS margins, so it's going to enhance that on top of what I just said. And so I think the combination
of those 2 as well as the backlog profile we have and looking at some of the multiyear aspects of that
backlog and the higher margins in the current backlog as we move forward gives us confidence for
multiyear margin improvement. Kevin?

Kevin C. Berryman
President, Executive VP & CFO

I would echo the same thing, Steve, that you reemphasized the fact that the Focus 2023 really is -- while
we're getting some cost efficiencies here, the intention is that we're going to be able to reinvest back into
some of the digital capabilities that we know are there, which facilitate our ability to win solutions with our
clients or deliver solutions to our clients that ultimately are associated with a higher-margin profile. So it
really is about a growth, and it really is about a margin profile longer term that we would expect to see
upward trajectory versus kind of the 2021 figures.

Operator

Our next question comes from Gautam Khanna with Cowen.

Gautam J. Khanna
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about Buffalo Group, if there are any small business set asides
or items like that, that might be harder to retain over time? And if you could just broadly characterize
the M&A pipeline from here, how it looks in terms of number of properties and potential sizes that you're
looking at?

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

I'll answer the first one. I missed the second part of the question. Could you repeat the second part?

Gautam J. Khanna
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Yes, sure. So if you could characterize the M&A pipeline as it stands post Buffalo, what else is out there,
there's -- if that's a big part of the 2021 plan? Further M&A.

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Okay. Great. Yes, on the first one, the small business set asides, we took a really strong look at that. And
these -- not just these recent awards, but then the trend that we see going forward with regards to the
areas of the government that The Buffalo Group is involved with are full and open. So we don't really see
the small business set asides of the past affecting how we see the growth synergy that the platform is
going to bring to our overall business. So we're optimistic on that front. And then Steve, you want to...

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

Yes. On the overall M&A pipeline, it's very consistent with what we've been talking about, essentially going
back to our 2019 strategy Investor Day. And that is, as we just did with The Buffalo Group, we'll continue
to look at ways to strengthen our government services business and move up the value chain there. From
an overall company standpoint, we've talked about digital consulting, strategic consulting, becoming a
bigger end-to-end player, especially on the front end. Geographic expansion is another area. So just very
consistent, staying core to our strategy.

Operator

Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Kevin, obviously, you reported a strong free cash flow quarter, 96% adjusted free cash flow. Do you think
Q4 was basically the inflection point towards generating strong free cash flow conversion going forward?
And then why would conversion actually go down in FY '21, excluding one-timers, which is the bottom of
your range, given all the work you've done with the improvement in collections and back office systems
work you've done?

Kevin C. Berryman
President, Executive VP & CFO

So thanks for that question. I would say a couple of things. One, that I hope you're right, that we'll
perform better than those numbers, first comment. But I think as we think about the balance of next year,
the back half of 2020 did have some challenges relative to our revenue being less robust than what we
would have originally assumed. So as you think about the working capital dynamics associated with that
number in the back half of the year, at the end, there is some tailwinds because we don't have as much of
a build in the working capital numbers in 2020.

And as we transition to 2021 and if we get to the conversion numbers we're actually talking to, actually,
we're making further improvements in DSOs because you're now facing an investment back into working

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

capital. So at the end of the day, we think it's a continuation of that journey to get to that onetime
conversion number, which I've always kind of targeted the year 2022 as to getting there.

Operator

Our next question comes from Chad Dillard with Bernstein.

Charles Albert Edward Dillard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

So what's embedded in your upper and lower end of the guidance range, ascribing the tax benefit in 2021
and really the rest of that '20, which suggests flat earnings at the low end of the 2021 guide? And so is it
inclusive of like the $9 of benefits from Buffalo, the Wood group cost savings? I just want to help bridging
earnings from this past year to 2021.

Kevin C. Berryman
President, Executive VP & CFO

Chad, let me take a crack at that and respond. Look, we recognize that our range here is relatively wide,
but we also recognize that we continue to be in the midst of a pandemic. And while we feel really good
of our ability to have done a great job in the second half of 2020 to mitigate some of the challenges
associated with that, we still are in the midst of it. And so I think the low end of our range would be
something that we hope never happens, but it would be a situation where the economics are challenged
around the globe. And that we're having a situation of that magnitude, which, by the way, still results in
our ability to be flat versus year ago in a dire economic environment. That's how we would characterize
the low end of our range.

At the high end of the range, we're starting to be more optimistic as we come out of the dynamic
associated with COVID and that we are developing the momentum that we actually think will happen into
2022 faster. So I think that's how we would characterize the range. I think we're being prudent by putting
that range there and hopefully, it gives you some constructive views to see what the potential downside is
under a pretty bad scenario and what the potential upside is under a good scenario.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS.

Steven Fisher
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Just wondering if you can give a little more color on the cadence on the revenue and EPS guidance for
fiscal '21. It sounds like perhaps Q1 revenues might be down kind of low single digits, but it's hard to tell.
How back-end weighted the EPS is and how relatively light versus consensus Q1 might be? And also just
trying to get a sense of sort of the revenue trajectory here, is something inflected more positively? Or is it
sort of like a normalizing kind of from the COVID situation?

Kevin C. Berryman
President, Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Steven, this is Kevin. I'll just reinforce what I said earlier. I think the first half is more flattish relative
to our net revenue figures, and back half is less flat. It starts to show some momentum. And so I think
that that's how we would see the cadence. We're still in the midst of the pandemic. Certainly, we feel like
we're going to be holding serve relative to our first 6 months. And given all the strong work that we're
doing on everything else, we're going to see some actual margin improvements and profit improvements
in the first half. But the revenue cadence is probably a little bit more flattish in the first half, developing
additional momentum in the second half.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Dudas with Vertical Research.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Maybe this is for Bob. When you're looking out for 2021 in the PPS segment, PP&S segment, you've
characterized the different funding flows or expectations from the private sector and public sector clients
and seems like you got some international momentum on that business. So I'd like to get a little more
details on that. And maybe for Steve, you mentioned a couple of times in the presentation about positive
aspect from a Biden administration. Are your clients that -- or is there a pent-up demand for things to get
going again once some of the uncertainty with the election and COVID passes with the vaccine success,
which I know you guys are involved with on the production side? Is that really going to be the kick or the
inflection to see the growth in '21 -- second half of '21 and going into 22?

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Sure, Mike. Let me just kind of take it one at a time. Private sector -- and you know us really well. These
are long-term relationships that we've -- with the private sector clients that we have. And so if you look
at what does that mean for Jacobs, predominantly in the manufacturing space as well as a bit on the
environmental side with regards to other industrial clients, we're actually starting to see a bit of an uptick
as those clients really look at not only their portfolio mix, but also how they reorganize their global supply
chain as a result of the learnings from COVID. So a bit of -- and so it's -- and it kind of touches the profile
of services that we offer so we can help them with regards to conceptual planning and kind of looking at
helping them solve those solutions with other innovations that we have on how they look at that.

So on the private sector side, we're starting to see -- we have visibility to where those will materialize
into other downstream projects, and we're in that phase right now. Public sector, steady business. And
that's a global comment, and I'll come back to kind of the nuance between international and U.S. But
what we are seeing in the U.S. public sector is that the creativity that state and local governments
have already exhibited for the better part of the last 3 to 4 years has continued. And with some of the
extensions, whether it be a continuing resolution extension within the government, or it'd be on the bond
measures that have 31 of the 44 bond measures passed in this last election, they're utilizing those types
of measures in order to continue on the projects, whether it be in transit or in water. Stimulus would be an
add to that. We modeled ourselves over what we could see. So that's kind of what we're seeing in the U.S.

In the international side, the stimulus money is already -- we're starting to see some effects of that
specifically in the U.K. with the 10-point plan, already starting to see some early planning work around
that. And then in Australia, we're already starting to see some of the effects of those monies going
through. So overall, I think we're well positioned for whichever way the markets go.

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

Yes, Michael, as part 2 to your question, I think it's a combination of pent-up demand and accelerating
demand over the course of the next 12 to 24 months. And what I mean by that is the pent-up side,
obviously, are things like the fact that the life science pharma industry has been totally focused on
COVID-19, but there's a whole host of opportunities there that they need to get back out around oncology
and biotech, et cetera.

You think of the whole aging infrastructure dynamics in the U.S. that -- and the U.K. and other areas that
have to be addressed. And I think those 2 regions, specifically, the government, is now set up to hopefully
live up to strong stimulus and funding around infrastructure in the next several years.

But then you got the whole accelerating demand that we talked about, which is really driving our Focus
2023 initiative, and that's that customers are now come to grips that they all have to get at this and
accelerate their own technology platform and climate change issues and opportunities. And so that
accelerating demand opportunity is going to open up and expand our total available market and create
significant opportunity for Jacobs.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Our next question comes from Sean Eastman with KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Sean D. Eastman
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Just as we think about Jacobs' migration sort of more upmarket, higher-margin business mix over time,
I'm just curious how you'd reflect on the win rate in some of those higher-margin adjacencies through
fiscal '20. And as you think about Focus 2023, does that program potentially drive that adjacent market
win rate materially higher over time?

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Let me -- at a high level again -- and it's great that you asked that question because it feeds right
into the whole Focus 2023 initiative. It is all about moving into more and more higher value markets
that we believe have a long runway of opportunity. And so it's -- when we talk about connectivity and
climate change, resiliency, what's going to -- the whole dynamic of what's going to happen with health
care moving forward and really, all aspects of both our Critical Mission Solutions and People & Places
Solutions business, it exactly fits into what's the question that you asked is that it is going to be moving
into the higher market opportunities. And as I just answered the previous question, we believe that the
total market that we're going to be going after over the next several years is going to be significantly
expanded versus what we've been addressing over the last, say, 5 years because of the whole technology
dynamics that have evolved over the last 12 months. Bob, do you want to kind of give some specific
examples around that?

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Yes, absolutely. Just to add on to what Steve said. So the win rates have been high, and we expect them
to be -- continue to be high. But the client challenges, if you look at 5 years ago versus now, the client
challenges are the same. These are the dynamics that Steve was mentioning are accentuating. And so
those challenges now need a different type of solution, which is where Focus 2023 comes into play. So
an example, if you -- one of the big areas that we have going on right now is around the use of hydrogen
power -- I'm sorry, hydrogen as a synthetic fuel and really addressing the decarbonization efforts that are
going on, both in the U.K., U.S., Australia, all over the world. And whether it be for power generation, for
automotive, for ships, for airplanes, to power residential communities, it's across the board, and Jacobs is
right in the middle of all of that. So again, the challenge of the stray away from fossil fuels, not a new one.
But now with the advent of hydrogen and other synthetic fuels and the use of technology on how that's
deployed, something that we're right in the crosshairs of.

Operator

Our next question comes from Josh Sullivan with The Benchmark Co.

Joshua Ward Sullivan
The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division

Just on the virtualized environment, how do you differentiate the Jacobs brand in recruiting employees?
Just as the friction for high-value talent comes down with more virtualization kind of across the board, can
you just give us your thoughts on how Jacobs wins out? Could we see pricing competition for some high-
value talent in some of these growing infrastructure areas or -- go up? Or do you think you can access
more talent globally and maybe push some of those acquisitions costs down? Just curious what Jacobs has
seen in this virtualized environment?

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Great question. And it's the one -- talent hasn't slowed at all during the pandemic, that's for sure.
A couple of responses there. One is that we've used the word global integrated delivery, global
connectedness. That matters. The folks that we see coming into the job force today are -- they care about

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

what's going on globally and want to work on really, really neat stuff. And that's a great attraction to
Jacobs where if I may -- if I either have spent half my career in the mechanical engineering field or I'm
a new graduate, but yet I can use my domain expertise and now work on projects that are effectively
changing the face of the world, then I don't know of another recruiting tool that we could use in advance.
The virtual aspect of that, I talked about the positive.

The other side of that ledger is that the demands on leadership become even higher, right? Because in a
virtual world, we need to make sure that we stay connected to our people. And Steve and Kevin and the
entire leadership team have really put a high level of focus on making sure that our newer employees feel
connected to the culture of Jacobs through everything from town halls to increased communication, et
cetera. So there is a balance, and it is a new world that we're really excited about.

Kevin C. Berryman
President, Executive VP & CFO

One thing, Josh, to augment Bob's comment too is our attrition rates have continued to be very, very
attractive and falling. Now some of that could be affected and impacted by COVID. But the reality is with
you -- with us being able to deliver really, really good performance on lowering attrition rates, it puts
less pressure on attracting new talent, which is obviously a good thing from an economic perspective
and capability perspective given our teams. So it works in a circular manner in terms of focusing on our
culture, making people excited and that ultimately translates to a really good picture going forward in
terms of gaining access to talent.

Operator

Our next question comes from Andrew Wittmann with Baird.

Andrew John Wittmann
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

I guess probably for Kevin. I guess I just want to understand some of the moving pieces on the corporate
costs related to fiscal '21. I think I heard that there's already $75 million of kind of quick wins, I think you
termed them. I think that I have to imagine that $35 million of annual lease costs are part of that. I guess
my question is, how much do you estimate that the headwind is from the low cost in 2020? I guess you
kind of talked about the fact that there was some deferred health care things because of COVID and other
things like that, that may be lower than expected SG&A in 2020. So I guess I'm just trying to understand
if there's a net benefit from the actions that you've already taken here in early 2021 to deliver, I guess,
EBITDA dollar growth from those cost actions.

And I guess there's a similar implication or question on 2020. It sounds like there's a good deal of
reinvestment planned against that. I was hoping to, I guess, ask in a separate way. Is there -- as you look
to '22 and '23 as part of this 3-year plan, is there a net benefit? Or do you expect that the majority of
these savings will get reinvested?

Kevin C. Berryman
President, Executive VP & CFO

So that was a big question, Andy. So let me kind of parse it apart. So yes, the incremental costs that we
are seeing in 2021 are a function of, as we now see the light at the end of the tunnel relative to the COVID
situation. We're positioning ourselves to be reinvesting back into the business to accelerate our ability to
deliver profitable growth as we exit this year and into 2022 and beyond. So that's very clearly the case.

And so if you think about that, effectively, what I -- I guess I'd reemphasize what I said during the
prepared remarks was effectively that $75 million is offsetting some of these kind of comeback in costs for
2021. And so as we go then into 2022 and beyond, clearly, Focus 2023 allows us to deliver incremental
benefits. And from our perspective, the way that we're envisioning that is that gives us degrees of
freedom to really significantly invest in some of the digitization, training, capability sets for us to deliver
the next wave of innovative solutions that are higher margin and deliver even special -- more special
solutions to the client.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

So as we sit here today, we'd say, look, we're going to invest back those incremental monies. But of
course, each of those incremental investments are going to have to have a return profile that makes sense
from a shareholder perspective. And if they don't, maybe some of that drops to the bottom line. But our
intention on Focus 2023 really is about profitable higher-margin growth going forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Michael Feniger with Bank of America.

Michael J. Feniger
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I know we're running a little long, so I'll try to keep it short. Just first off, with the pent-up demand that
you guys are talking about, have you seen anything on the public or private side with bookings just start
to fall in November after the election?

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Michael, when you say fall, you mean to be awarded?

Michael J. Feniger
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Yes. Yes. Any -- yes, if there was any falling or any pickup you guys saw on bookings after the election,
increase of customer inquiries? Did anything really change in November that gives you guys confidence on
that second half?

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

I don't know if it was directly affected -- I don't know if it was directly tied to the election, but we continue
to see positive momentum in our bookings. Now is that coincidence that they were tied to a November
election or not, I'd say probably not appropriate for us to speculate on that. Programs have been coming
in and we talked about the pipeline. The pipeline continues to be robust, and we continue to win a fair
share of those. So yes, I think they're 2 independent events.

Operator

Our next question comes from Joseph DeNardi with Stifel.

Joseph William DeNardi
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Bob, there's a bullet on the CMS slide that says KeyW geospatial technology for confidential commercial
customer. That sounds kind of exciting. Can you talk about what that is and maybe what that portends for
some of the government-related pursuits that KeyW is involved in with geospatial?

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Yes, Joe, I've got to be really careful with this one. It is a -- it is confidential. It's in the automotive sector.
And it really starts to rely on deep space satellite technology in order to advance all of the smart kind of
capabilities that you would find in a commercial vehicle. But it's unique because it's gone to yet another
domain in order to get that information and really enhances speed and accuracy of what's being fed to
cars on the road. So unfortunately, that's probably all I can say about it at this point.

Operator

There are no further questions in queue at this time. I'll turn the call back over for any closing remarks.

Steven J. Demetriou

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thank you. Just to close out. Since the pandemic started, the safety and well-being of our people
have been our top priority. And in parallel, we've worked hard to deliver on our client commitments. We're
going to continue that focus in spite of the virus escalating around the world. Hopefully, you got a flavor
today that we continue to play a role in support of the major pharma clients in the front line of the vaccine
therapeutic production, and we're encouraged by the recent announcements on the vaccines. And as
we close out this fiscal year, I'm proud of the performance we delivered in these unprecedented times,
and the credit goes to the ingenuity and dedication of all of our people. As a result, we're entering fiscal
year 2021 from a position of strength in our key markets and a collective determination to drive growth
through innovative solutions for our clients. Thank you.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

