Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. NYSE:J
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, August 03, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.52

1.64

7.89

1.62

6.22

7.12

Revenue  (mm)

3634.42

3576.44

(1.60 %)

3877.47

14402.71

15641.59

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-03-2021 2:48 PM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.32

1.29

1.39

1.52

1.63

1.41

1.66

1.64

23.48 %

9.30 %

19.42 %

7.89 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jonathan Doros
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Kevin C. Berryman
President & CFO

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Adam Samuel Bubes
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Unknown Analyst

Andrew John Wittmann
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Joseph William DeNardi
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Sean D. Eastman
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Steven Fisher
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Jacobs Fiscal Third Quarter 2021
Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised today's conference is
being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I'd now like to hand the conference over to Jonathan Doros. Thank you. Please go ahead.

Jonathan Doros
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. Good morning to all. Our earnings announcement was filed this morning, and we have posted
a copy of this slide presentation on our website, which we will reference during the call. During this
presentation, we will be making forward-looking statements, including with respect to the continuing
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, potential government stimulus programs, expected benefits of our
strategic investment in PA Consulting, our financial outlook amongst others. I would like to refer you to
our forward-looking statement disclaimer which is included on Slide 2 regarding the other forward-looking
statements.

During this presentation, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to
Slide 2 of the presentation for more information on these figures. In addition, during the presentation,
we will discuss comparisons of current results to prior periods on a pro forma basis. See Slide 2 for more
information on the calculation of these pro forma measures. For pro forma comparisons, current and prior
period include the results of the Buffalo Group, which closed in November of 2020; and the PA Consulting
investment, which closed in March of 2021.

Turning to the agenda on Slide 3. Speaking on today's call will be Jacobs' Chair and CEO, Steve
Demetriou; President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Pragada; and President and Chief Financial Officer,
Kevin Berryman. Steve will begin by updating the progress we are making against our strategy and the
future ESG at Jacobs. Bob will then review our performance by line of business; and Kevin will provide a
more in-depth discussion of our financial metrics followed by a review of our balance sheet and cash flow.
Finally, Steve will provide a detailed updated outlook along with some of our closing remarks, and then
we'll provide -- we'll open the call for your questions. In the appendix of this presentation, we provide
further ESG-related information, including additional examples of our leading ESG solution.

With that, I will now pass it over to Steve Demetriou, Chair and CEO.

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

All right. Thank you for joining us today to discuss our third quarter fiscal year 2021 business performance
and key initiatives. Turning to Slide 4. Before reviewing our third quarter results, I'd like to reiterate our
commitment to our current strategy, which includes aligning our portfolio toward large secular growth
opportunities where we can deliver sustained double-digit profit growth. As I mentioned last quarter,
we're developing our new corporate strategy and just completed a midpoint review of our business and
competitive landscape. We look forward to sharing our new strategy, along with updated, multiyear
financial targets at our Investor Day later this year.

Turning to our financial results. I'm pleased with our strong third quarter performance, with net revenues
increasing 11% year-over-year and adjusted EBITDA growth of 26%. Backlog ended the third quarter
up 7% year-over-year and up 3% on a pro forma basis, and our backlog excludes our significant Idaho
National Labs remediation win. Now that the award has cleared protest, when including Idaho, total Jacobs
reported third quarter backlog would be up 11% and on a pro forma basis for Idaho, up 6%.

Total PA Consulting continued to post exceptional performance with 36% revenue growth. More
importantly, PA delivered this growth while maintaining adjusted EBITDA margins of 23%, making it one

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

of the fastest-growing and most profitable consultancy firms. Given the strong year-to-date performance
across all of Jacobs, including PA, we are again increasing our full fiscal year 2021 adjusted EBITDA and
adjusted EPS outlook.

Looking beyond fiscal 2021, we believe we are entering an attractive growth period for Jacobs, driven by
strong global trends and infrastructure modernization, energy transition, national security and a potential
super cycle and global supply chain investments, most notably in our semiconductor and life sciences.
We are anticipating an increasing and robust sales pipeline for both fiscal year 2022 and 2023. We are
aligning our strong culture, deep domain knowledge and investments in technology-enabled solutions to
help solve our clients' challenges and to convert this pipeline into meaningful growth opportunities for our
shareholders.

Turning to Slide 5. At Jacobs, our company's purpose is delivering solutions for a more connected,
sustainable world. And our values are: We do things right. We challenge the accepted. We aim higher,
and we live inclusion. This is critical for our people to work for a company that believes sustainability is
fundamental to what we stand for as an organization.

Building on our PlanBeyond 2.0 strategy, which we released externally last week, we have now launched
an ESG-focused digital thought leadership publication, Reimagined Perspectives, to share with the world
what our talented teams are thinking relative to high-priority challenges like climate change, and how
they're creating and delivering innovative solutions in response. Living up to our brand promise begins
with thought leadership by stimulating discussion, asking the hard questions and seeking new ways
to meet challenges. The first publication is focused on resilience from a number of perspectives. And
throughout today's presentation, you'll see examples of our people and our solutions in action. We
encourage you to follow us on social media or visit our website to learn more.

Turning to Slide 6. We are seeing an acceleration across our global customer base and communities to
provide solutions for their net zero carbon commitments. For example, at one of the largest U.S. consumer
goods companies, we are providing consulting services to help them drive carbon neutral facilities as part
of their journey to net zero emissions, an effort that may result in rethinking their entire global supply
chain. And for a transportation customer in the U.S., we're helping them leverage renewable energy
sources for their rail operations to enhance electric grid reliability during critical times.

And in the U.K., we're researching how airports of the future will accommodate hydrogen aircraft. And
in Germany, we're supporting Shell's goal of becoming a net zero emissions company by planning for
their new sustainable campus. And moving further east, we're supporting the development of a new solar
photovoltaic power plant in Malaysia. In Australia, we've been awarded another wind energy project with a
confidential customer.

Altogether, sustainable solutions are a high-growth business for Jacobs, today comprising nearly $5
billion of our revenue, which makes Jacobs one of the largest ESG solutions providers. And now with PA
Consulting, Jacobs is uniquely positioned across the entire end-to-end ESG opportunity.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob Pragada to provide more detail by line of business.

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Thank you, Steve. Moving on to Slide 7 to review the quarterly performance for Critical Mission Solutions.
During the third quarter, our CMS business continued its solid performance. Total CMS backlog is at $9.6
billion, representing 6% year-over-year growth. Backlog in the quarter was impacted by protests, but we
expect these to clear in Q4, resulting in strong backlog growth. Our CMS strategy is focused on creating
resilient revenue growth and margin expansion by offering technology-enabled solutions aligned to critical
national priorities that drive innovative outcomes.

As discussed in prior quarters, we are pursuing sectors with strong, positive growth trends, including
global energy transition, space-based ISR, intelligence analytics and 5G networks. I'd like to discuss
several of those trends and recent related wins in greater detail, beginning with energy transition.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Progressive leaders across the world are driving initiatives to cut off CO2 emissions through investment
in clean energy solutions. And Jacobs has recently realigned its North American and European nuclear
practices to better deliver our global life cycle nuclear capabilities. This includes Advanced Modular
Reactors, or AMR, that can be used for electricity generation and for the -- and with the global community
to bring fusion power to commercial viability.

During the quarter, Jacobs was awarded the Idaho Cleanup Project at Idaho National Laboratory as the
majority partner in the Idaho Environmental Coalition. The contract value is estimated at $3.9 billion over
a 10-year period and recently cleared protest. Approximately $780 million will be included in Q4 backlog.
Together with the DOE, we will use Jacobs' technology-driven solutions to reduce the environmental legacy
of the Cold War while delivering social value by supporting high-quality jobs in the region and protecting
the Snake River Aquifer, a critical element of Idaho's agricultural industry.

Moving on to space-based ISR. The U.S. military predicts that future conflicts will be won by those with
an information advantage, enabling the ability to outpace, outthink and outmaneuver adversaries across
the multiple domains: land, sea, air, cyber and increasingly, space. Low-orbiting surveillance satellites
can collect and process data much quicker than air ISR, and advanced satellite centers are a critical
component in the effectiveness of these military small sats. Jacobs won a 2-year contract from a classified
client to perform demonstration of its active electronically scanned arrays, or AESA technology, similar to
the technology utilized in our Mango satellite launch. A key differentiator for Jacobs in this area is the use
of our commercial 5G technology in reducing the cost of space radar by up to 5x less than legacy space
radar systems. This further advances Jacobs as an aerospace and defense prime, delivering value-added,
commercial, space-based AESAs.

Now turning to a related national security trend, intelligence analytics. Intelligence data often collected
from multiple sources are analyzed with support from AI technologies and transformed into information
that generates a picture and -- of adversary activity, ultimately informing and driving a commander's
decision-making. Jacobs' recent Buffalo Group acquisition won 2 attractive awards during the quarter in
support of the Army's Intelligence and Security Command, INSCOM. The 902nd Military Group, CI, human
intelligence analytical services contract is a $234 million, 5-year award to provide advanced cyber and
intelligence solutions for INSCOM's counterintelligence and counter-terrorism operations. This award is
expected to clear protest and added to our backlog in Q4. Jacobs also won an annual extension of the U.S.
Army's biometric and identity intelligence analytical support services contract.

A final trend is the growth in 5G networks. Our telecom business had a strong quarter, in part from the
accelerating rollout of 5G investment from clients like AT&T, DIRECTV and T-Mobile as well as health
systems and the U.S. Department of Defense. The increased demand is the result of clients seeking the
benefits of 5G's higher bandwidth to operate in advanced environments for commercial and consumer
applications, including telemedicine, augmented reality and next-generation gaming. And the DoD is
also heavily in 5G technology in support of virtual mission planning and training. We're excited about the
continued increase in opportunities, fueling growth in our telecom business.

In summary, we continue to see strong demand for our solutions for the remainder of fiscal year 2021 and
beyond. The CMS sales pipeline remains robust with an 18-month qualified new business remaining above
$30 billion, including $10 billion in source selection and importantly, with an increasing margin profile.

Now on Slide 8, I'll discuss our People & Places Solutions business. We continue to demonstrate
strong performance, driven by our strategy to focus on high-value sectors in key geographic regions,
leveraging our strong, global, integrated delivery platform. Third quarter backlog was up 6%, resulting in
greater than a 1x book-to-bill for both revenue and gross margin. The global trends of climate change,
infrastructure monetization and digitalization as well as accelerated supply chain demands in areas driven
by the pandemic, are catalyzing our clients' mid- and long-term investments. As demonstrated by our
results, we remain well positioned to grow. These multiyear trends align strongly with our purpose to
make the world more connected and sustainable.

I'd now like to provide more insight into the effect these global trends are having on our business, starting
with climate change. As a recognized leader in forward-leaning solutions, including specific ESG actions

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

aligned to decarbonization and energy transition, we are very well positioned to convert our growing
pipeline into tangible results.

On the environmental front, we continue to win strategic work with our key clients as demonstrated by our
recent win to support the U.S. Air Force and their mission to protect human health and local communities,
with a focus on combating emergent contaminants, including PFAS. In addition to new wins, we were
recently named by environment analysts as the #1 leader in water quality and resources. And our work on
the Tyndall Air Force Base coastal resilience study in Florida was recognized as a global winner at the U.K.
Environment Agency's 2021 flood and coast awards.

Moving to infrastructure modernization. As part of our rapid uptick in our transit and rail portfolio, we are
winning major projects around the globe, such as the East-West Rail program partner in the U.K., a major
U.S. transit authority's metro rail platform reconstruction, and the KiwiRail modernization program in New
Zealand. These important wins leverage our capability in digitally-enabled solutions.

We are also developing digital solutions that apply to a wide cross-section of clients and sectors around
the world, allowing us to use our global platform and client base to deploy solutions and creating
new, recurring revenue streams. One such product is Kaleidoscope. Launched today, Kaleidoscope is a
predictive analytics application, which supports clients in capital planning and match the true risks, cost
and vulnerabilities of interconnected infrastructure systems.

Our cross-sector domain knowledge gives us a distinct competitive advantage in developing innovative
solutions and create stronger growth opportunities. As an example, for the health care sector, we are
creating one of the world's first digital twins to support operational decision-making based on predictive
analytics and scenario forecasting. We are integrating artificial intelligence and machine learning to
analyze historical health and location-based service data alongside real-time meteorological traffic and
large public event data to optimize patient demand and capacity scenarios. This is a fantastic example of
how Jacobs is partnering with our clients to reinvent health care of tomorrow.

Shifting to our advanced facilities sector. We believe we are entering an unprecedented multiyear growth
cycle. In our electronics sector, we are seeing a sharp rise in semiconductors in response to the global chip
shortage, given long-term demand in cloud and edge computing, data storage and smart infrastructures
such as electric grids. Multiple government initiatives have been launched with the goal of supporting
semiconductor manufacturing in their respective countries. As a global leader in the space, we are well
positioned for strong growth with our clients in the U.S., Europe and Asia.

Additionally, biopharmaceutical companies are increasingly utilizing contract manufacturing capacity as
a means to supplement their own production. We have secured several large programs, including the
recently announced FUJI Diosynth Biotechnologies New Greenville campus in Research Triangle Park, North
Carolina.

We have also secured a major contract with NatureWorks to design a manufacturing facility in Thailand
dedicated to producing biopolymers from sugar, resulting in products that are biodegradable and produced
from sustainable resources. The design will be executed through our global delivery model, including
talents from India and the Philippines.

Finally, as it relates to pandemic-driven solutions, we have an exciting win that once again combines our
world-leading domain expertise in water with our digital AI capabilities for a breakthrough project in the
Middle East. We are performing program management services for the Abu Dhabi Department of Energy to
deliver a wastewater laboratory that will screen and detect COVID-19 virus and other infectious diseases.

Turning to PA Consulting on Slide 9. As Steve mentioned, PA continues to outperform expectations. New
wins include recent revenue -- a recent large revenue synergy in the U.K. that has built excitement across
our teams. Working together, PA and Jacobs won the new U.K. department of food and rural affairs (sic)
[ Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs ] management consultancy contract, a large-scale
strategic advisory program for business transformation and delivery. Joint pursuits continue to be across
other regions and geographies, and I look forward to sharing additional details in the coming quarters.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

As we look at specific growth areas, PA continues to support the U.K.'s government -- U.K. government's
COVID response, with their efforts now focused on vaccine deployment and test and trace activities.
On a related note, PA is also seeing growth projects, both in the consumer and life sciences sectors. As
disruption from the pandemic changes business for good, we're seeing increased interest in digital and
online products, experience and service models. Examples include a major retailer that is revolutionizing
their online offer to create new customer experiences by moving from face-to-face to a subscription
model. And in health and life sciences, virtualizing the clinical trials process for patients through
telemedicine.

On the digital solutions front, PA and Unilever teamed up to create a world-leading predictive tool,
COVID-19 Awareness and Situational Intelligence, or CASI, which redefines how data can be harnessed
to unlock predictive insight. The team combined their expertise in consumer goods, business intelligence,
data analytics, AI, machine learning, operational resilience and global supply chains to create a live
dashboard that monitors and provides real-time and predictive intelligence from a worldwide perspective.
PA's product innovations for TeakOrigin and Guide Beauty were recognized by this year's prestigious iF
DESIGN AWARDS.

With that, I'll now turn it over to Kevin to discuss our financial results.

Kevin C. Berryman
President & CFO

Thank you, Bob. Turning to Slide 10 now for a quick financial overview. Third quarter gross revenue
increased 10% year-over-year, and net revenue was up 11%. In line with last quarter, acquisitions and
FX benefits contributed to growth by more than offsetting the previously disclosed burn-off of 2 lower-
margin contracts in CMS. Including the pro forma impact from all acquisitions, net revenue was up low
single digits.

For the fourth quarter, we expect total reported net revenue growth to be up near double digits year-over-
year and up slightly on a pro forma basis. This represents strong underlying growth, considering our fiscal
fourth quarter of 202 had 14 weeks compared to our normal 13-week quarters, which will impact our 2021
fiscal fourth quarter reported growth rate by approximately 8 percentage points on a year-over-year basis.

Adjusted gross margin in the quarter as a percentage of net revenue was 27.6%, up 400 basis points
year-over-year. The higher gross margin on a year-over-year basis was driven by a few factors, a
favorable revenue mix in both people and places and CMS as well as the benefit from PA Consulting, which
has a strong accretive gross margin profile. Adjusted G&A as a percentage of net revenue was up year-
over-year, in line with our expectations to 17%.

GAAP operating profit was $264 million and was mainly impacted by $50 million of amortization from
acquired intangibles. Adjusted operating profit was $315 million, up 32%, with both CMS and people
& places showing strong organic profit growth. In addition, PA posted strong growth in operating profit
during the quarter versus their year ago figure. Our adjusted operating profit to net revenue was 10.6%,
up 170 basis points year-over-year on a reported basis.

GAAP EPS from continuing operations rounded to $0.82 per share and primarily included: $0.44 related to
an updated, noncash valuation allocation between PA Consulting preferred and common shares, with no
impact to the original consideration; $0.34 related to the U.K. statutory tax rate changes and an updated
estimate of our annual adjusted effective tax rate; $0.24 of amortization of acquired intangibles; all of
which were partly offset by $0.23 related to the positive mark-to-market investment in Worley and the
impact of monetizing the remaining portion of our C3.ai investment. Excluding all items, third quarter
adjusted EPS was $1.64, up 30% year-over-year.

Included in the tax item noted earlier, third quarter adjusted EPS is impacted by 20% -- by a 20%
effective tax rate that reflects a change in our estimated adjusted annual effective tax rate to 22.5% from
23.8%. This change in estimated tax rate resulted in an $0.08 per share tax benefit in our adjusted results
during the third quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

During the quarter, PA contributed $0.15 of accretion, net of incremental interest. We now expect $0.35 to
$0.37 of 2021 PA accretion, up from $0.32 to $0.34 in our previous quarter. As a reminder, for modeling
purposes, we fully consolidate the impact of the PA investment in our operating results, with a 35%
minority interest backed out in noncontrolling interest.

Q3 adjusted EBITDA was $321 million and was up 26% year-over-year, representing 10.8% of net
revenue. Our adjusted EBITDA calculation also includes the burden of the 35% minority interest impact
from PA. Excluding PA, adjusted EBITDA growth was up 9% year-over-year. Finally, turning to our
bookings during the quarter, our pro forma book-to-bill ratio was 1x for Q3, with actually a little bit higher
book-to-bill of 1.1 on a gross margin level.

Regarding our LOB performance, let's turn to Slide 11. Starting with CMS, revenue was up 1% year-over-
year on a reported basis and down 2% pro forma when the acquisition of the Buffalo Group is considered.
As previously communicated, we are transitioning off 2 lower-margin contracts, which represented $190
million year-over-year revenue impact during the quarter. When excluding the contract runoff and FX
benefits, pro forma CMS revenue was up double digits year-over-year. We expect approximately $200
million a quarter of year-over-year impact from these 2 contract roll-offs through the balance of this year
and our first quarter of fiscal 2022.

CMS operating profit was $108 million, up 21% and up 19% year-over-year on a pro forma basis.
Operating margin was up 150 basis points year-over-year to 8.9%. The improvement was driven by our
strategy to focus on higher-margin opportunities. For the fourth quarter, we expect relatively flat CMS
reported revenue, effectively offsetting the impact of the extra week of revenue last year. And we expect
mid-single-digit operating profit growth as the timing of recent wins are now expected to ramp in fiscal
year 2022.

Moving to People & Places Solutions. Q3 net revenue was up 1.4% year-over-year, driven by a rebound
in our international regions as well as benefits from FX. While the Americas business saw near-term
delays in larger projects, the positive developments regarding infrastructure stimulus over the last week is
expected to result in customers beginning to leverage existing framework agreements as we enter 2022.
We anticipate seeing awards associated with the stimulus beginning in our second half of next fiscal year.
This developing momentum, when combined with the strength of our advanced facilities business noted
earlier by Bob, positions us well into 2022.

Total P&PS operating profit was up 8% year-over-year, including the benefit from FX. Operating profit as a
percentage of net revenue was 13.8% for the quarter, up 80 basis points year-over-year, driven mainly by
a gross margin benefit from a more profitable revenue mix. In terms of PA's performance, PA contributed
$256 million in revenue and $57 million in operating profit. PA's Q3 revenue grew 36% and 20% year-
over-year in local currency. Q3 operating profit margin was 22%, in line with our expectations.

Finally, our nonallocated corporate costs were $55 million for the quarter and up year-over-year and in
line with our expectations. The increase was driven primarily by the expected increases in medical costs,
IT investments and other expenses. We expect non-allocated corporate costs to also trend slightly higher
in Q4, given continued increased -- increases in the medical costs and other investments as we begin to
position the company for the growth momentum that is expected in fiscal 2022 and beyond.

As we turn to Slide 12, I would like to comment that our restructuring and other charges have significantly
decreased. And as a result, we have not included a specific slide on this subject in this presentation. To
comment quickly, during the quarter, we incurred only $2 million of total net charges for Focus 2023
as well as other restructuring and integration activities. As a result, both P&L and related cash outflows
for these items remain in line with our outlook, and we are focused on significantly decreasing these
adjustments going forward.

During the third quarter, we generated $153 million in reported free cash flow as DSO again, showed
strong improvement. It is important to note this cash flow included the $261 million of purchase price
consideration for PA, treated as post-closing compensation that we discussed last quarter; and a net $19
million associated with Focus 2023 restructuring and other items' cash flow. Considering these items,
underlying free cash flow was over $430 million, putting us on track for greater than 1x adjusted cash

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

conversion for the fiscal year. During the quarter, we also monetized our investment in C3.ai for $39
million, which is reflected in cash flow from investing activities.

As a result, we ended the quarter with cash of $966 million and gross debt of $3.1 billion, resulting in $2.2
billion of net debt before attributing the benefit of our Worley ownership. Treating the Worley position as
cash, our pro forma net debt to expected adjusted 2021 EBITDA is approximately 1.4x, a clear indication
of the strength of our balance sheet. And finally, given the strength of our balance sheet and free cash
flow, we remain committed to our quarterly dividend, which was increased 11% this year to $0.21 per
share.

Now let me turn it back over to slide -- Steve, for Slide 13.

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Kevin. Now let me review our total company outlook for fiscal 2021. Given our strong year-to-
date performance, excellent results from our PA Consulting investment and the benefit from the lower tax
rate, we're raising our full year guidance. We now expect adjusted EBITDA outlook to be a range of $1.21
billion to $1.275 billion versus our previous outlook of $1.2 billion to $1.27 billion. We expect adjusted EPS
to now be in the range of $6.15 to $6.35 per share versus our previous outlook of $6 to $6.30.

Looking beyond fiscal 2021, the likelihood of a U.S. infrastructure stimulus package has substantially
increased over the last week, which had become a significant benefit to our Jacobs P&L in the second
half of our fiscal year 2022 and beyond. With the strategic repositioning of our portfolio, we are aligned
to strong secular growth trends, including global infrastructure modernization, climate change, national
security, digital transformation and global supply chain investments. As a result, we expect this to drive
double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth in fiscal 2022 and beyond.
Operator, we'll now open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Joseph DeNardi from Stifel.

Joseph William DeNardi
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Bob, can you just talk about the space intel contract a little bit. I think that was a competitive process.
Correct me if I'm wrong. And then can you remind us what the additional opportunities are going forward
with that capability? And then Kevin, can you just level set kind of what the outflows are that are being
excluded from the free cash flow conversion?

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Yes, Joe. On the space intelligence bit, it really has to do with our -- some of the unique technologies
around array technology. And when I can't disclose the decline, but this is a multiphase-type project. And
so we're on the front end of the development of that project, and so we see continued growth there.

Just to add on to that, what we're also seeing with our SAR technology or the Synthetic Aperture Radar, is
the air-based component of what's coming out of our rapid solutions business, a couple of really nice wins,
confidential there. Again, early phases, but seeing investment on that front.

Kevin C. Berryman
President & CFO

Joe, just real quickly on the adjusted free cash flow that we talked about, there's 2 items effectively. The
most material one is the $260 million -- $261 million of the compensation-treated numbers associated
with PA that was ultimately originally part of our consideration. But because of GAAP, we had to run it
through the P&L. That's $261 million. And we have another $19 million of restructuring related matters,
which are just timing relative to the P&L that you also heard me talk about, which was $2 million. Those
2 added together take our reported free cash flow to the $430-plus million for the quarter. Really strong,
and we're very pleased with it.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Steve or Bob, I know you mentioned a potential super cycle and supply chain-related build-out, which is
your most bullish commentary yet regarding advanced facilities, life sciences. You mentioned -- I think,
Bob, you mentioned a sharp uptick in semiconductor activity. But is your advanced facilities business
actually contributing meaningfully to P&PS growth yet? I know, Bob, last quarter, you talked about it
ramping up over a longer-term period. When do you think it could start to meaningfully contribute to
quarterly revenue and earnings growth? Is it imminent at this point? Or is it more FY '22?

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Yes, Andy, it would be FY '22. Right now, you know how those programs and projects go. We start off with
early concept, and we call it basis of design activity, higher-margin consultative type work. But to really
see it flow through the P&L, we'd be in subsequent phases of the project, which -- these are fast projects.
So we're measuring in quarters, not years with regards to how those would burn through the P&L.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Our next question comes from the line of Michael Dudas from Vertical Research.

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Steve, you indicated about the optimism, which I guess, is fair relative to the U.S. infrastructure
opportunities. Maybe you could delve a little bit more deeply. And from your framework agreements with
your customer base and some of the myriad of -- whether it's energy transition, grid, climate change,
there's a lot of numbers there, and I'm -- but how -- what kind of leverage and potential opportunities
could we see from your U.S. business on the PP&S side, given what could be coming down the pike over
the next several years?

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

Yes, Michael, thanks for that. So look, this -- we are building optimism, obviously, based on the news
we're all reading. And we're very highly engaged, and I do want to start with that. Our U.S. government
relations team have done an outstanding job to help influence this outcome, which, of course, it's
important for Jacobs, but it's highly important for the United States.

So what we got here is a 5-year authorization that's going to provide our state and local clients significant
certainty. And that's huge. And it's also significant for Jacobs because we've evaluated that over 95% of
this trillion-dollar, $550 billion of new money is totally aligned to our Jacobs offerings. And when you go
through that, obviously, highways, bridges, rapid transit is going to be a significant growth. But when
you look at some of the other components, like Amtrak and freight rail, which is going to quadruple in
funding; drinking water and wastewater, which is going to be up 2.5x; airports more than doubling; ports
and waterways, where we're an industry leader, same thing.

And then you then tack on to that things like Super Fund and Army Corps civil works, which are right up
where we're the leader in the industry across that growing significantly. And that's pretty fast-starting
opportunities the way the money will flow.

And then, of course, what you talked about, Michael, energy transition, resilience and a whole host of
other things. $8 billion in hydrogen hubs, which we're right in the center of providing solutions. So just a
great, great opportunity for Jacobs moving forward.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Sean Eastman from KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Sean D. Eastman
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

I just wanted to touch on Focus 2023, maybe at the risk of stealing a bit of thunder from the planned
Analyst Day. But I think the initial perception around Focus '23 was it was a real estate, kind of cost-save-
type of strategy. Talking to you guys through the quarter, it seems like it's much more than that. Could
you just talk about how Focus '23 is reflected in the double-digit EBITDA growth outlook for fiscal '22 and
beyond? Maybe kind of clear up how we should think about how it is to model?

Kevin C. Berryman
President & CFO

Yes. Thanks for the question, Sean. I'm glad you asked it because the Focus 2023 is a far-reaching effort
that's being executed across the entire company about transforming the way we work. So yes, real estate
is certainly part of that, because we're changing the way we're utilizing our real estate footprint and
changing the way we work relative to that. We talked about how we want to ensure that our footprint
becomes more about collaboration, team building, training and less about a place where you go and do
heads-down work. So clearly, it's part of that, but it's much more than that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

And effectively, what we're doing is aligning, creating more discipline in terms of the management of our
processes, which is going to facilitate our ability to automate, create integrated process designs, which will
facilitate people to spend less time in what I will call the administering of our projects. That's a huge effort
when we talk about our project teams around the world. So we think this unlocks talent and the time of
that talent to really drive future innovation.

Now relative to the double-digit numbers, what we said and certainly in '22 our plan is, is that the bulk
of the savings, which we're working on finalizing right now, in 2022, will be reinvested back into the
business by the next wave of potential opportunities that will allow us to deliver even incremental benefits
in 2023 and beyond. So while it's a piece of the 2022 guide or at least preliminary double-digit number
that we talked about, it's not a substantial piece of it because we're planning on reinvesting back into the
business.

We think our ability to continue to drive a company that is doing different type of work, becoming more
digital in its ability to deliver work, all of that translates into a need to invest. And so consequently, a vast
majority of the savings will be reinvested back into the business over the course of 2022.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.

Adam Samuel Bubes
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

This is Adam for Jerry today. I was wondering in PA Consulting, if you could just help us think about the
incoming cadence of engagements there over the next several quarters.

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Yes, Adam. The engagements are on the rise. Pipeline is growing. I think Kevin talked about the backlog
growth. We're seeing -- when we talk about -- just to concentrate on the private sector for a moment,
kind of this investment in supply chain resiliency as well as business transformation. PA is playing on both
sides. And so we're seeing those engagements definitely on the rise, and it's forming itself or showing
itself from pipeline growth as well as booking growth. So we see that tail having a nice outlook on it.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Chad Dillard from AllianceBernstein.

Unknown Analyst

This is [ Carolina ] on behalf of Chad. As you think about double-digit EBITDA growth over the medium
term, can you parse out the contribution from PA Consulting, revenue growth and secular margin
expansion?

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

I think when we talk about the robust opportunity moving into '22 and beyond, we're really talking
about all 3 legs of the business, PA Consulting, CMS and P&PS almost from a standpoint of them directly
contributing to that double-digit growth. I mean CMS specifically, we talked about this $30-plus billion of
new business pipeline. We're excited about the wide range. The Department of Defense, for example, is
shifting into a major focus on upgrading, modernizing and making all of their systems more intelligent.
And we play a center role there as -- because of the capabilities that we bring and some of the proven
abilities in the most recent projects.

Bob talked about the space cycle, deep space exploration as well as space intelligence. And then we move
over to even things like 5G networks, where that is growing significantly as we talked about in our --
during our remarks. But the cyber and intelligence business, the pipeline there is rising. I mean when
you look at the capability that we created, going back to over the last 7 or 8 years with -- starting with

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

FNS acquisition, Van Dyke, Blue Canopy and most recently, KeyW and Buffalo Group. The leadership
there in Critical Mission Solutions are now have really put that together to expand our offerings and be
directly in the center of all of the cyber and mission intelligence, the fact that now we're up to 12 of the 18
intelligence agencies that we're working for. So very exciting opportunity that CMS is going to contribute
alongside of P&PS and PA.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Andy Wittmann from Baird.

Andrew John Wittmann
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

I just had, I guess, 3 clarifications for Kevin to make sure that I'm understanding the financial statements
correctly. The first one has to do with the $267 million from last quarter that you had to expense per
GAAP rules on the purchase consideration. Looks like net of some people retiring or quitting or whatever
happened at PA, the net number here was $261 million, like you called out in your press release. So
there's a $6 million difference there. And I was wondering if that benefit showed up in which segment. Is
that in the PA segment? Was that in SG&A? And then was that excluded or benefit to adjusted EPS as a
gain in the quarter?

And then secondarily, I was noticing that there's $158 million of accounts receivable, which, as far as I
can tell, is the best quarter you've ever had in taking down accounts receivable. So I was just wondering,
Kevin, if you could talk about whether that's just timing related? Or do you think there's a structural
element to what you did in the quarter on the very good account receivable performance?

Kevin C. Berryman
President & CFO

Yes. So the -- let me go the first one quickly. The accounting and the complexity associated with PA
because of not only the equity pieces that we've been talking about but also the backing out and
noncontrolling interest and all that kind of stuff, all of that, we did not take that benefit to our P&L, that
$6 million that you're alluding to. But maybe we can follow up, and Jon can provide you a little bit more
detailed bridge on that.

Second thing is, as it relates to -- turning a blank. Accounts receivable, sorry. No, we -- look, I think that
while certainly a number of $430 million of free cash flow in a particular quarter is indicative of something
that is not necessarily sustainable every single quarter. And so there could be, what I would say, some
timing associated with that dynamic. It has nothing to do, other than the good work that the teams are
doing around the globe that we've been talking about for the last 2 or 3 years, and we've really started to
see that come to fruition over the 2020 and 2021 years. So very proud of the teams. They're doing a good
job.

This is ultimately having something to do with some of the Focus 2023 work we're doing, where we're
fine-tuning and aligning our processes. Where people are being able to get invoices out faster and
ultimately, more accurate invoices, which is facilitating our ability to collect sooner.

So while there certainly is some timing associated with it, it's good old fashioned just doing good work,
collecting sooner, and ultimately don't necessarily assume that, that happens every single quarter to the
extent it did. But we think these kind of numbers will be sustainable going forward. And while there will
be blips up and down, well, we're continuing to work hard to improve on our efficiencies in total working
capital.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook from Crédit Suisse.

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Two questions. First, Kevin, the margins in PP&S were pretty good at 13.8%. I just wanted to know if
there was anything in that number to help boost the margins? Or is that just core performance? And then
second on CMS, what's the -- as we're thinking about 2022, what's the opportunity here at some point to
get those margins more in the double-digit range?

And then my last question, understanding right now you're focusing on deleveraging, but the cash flow
is pretty good, and the net leverage is looking pretty good. As we look at 2022, at what point would you
feel comfortable doing deals again? Or do you think you have too much on your plate? And how should
we be thinking about more opportunities to do deals that would -- like more of the PA Consulting-type
acquisitions?

Kevin C. Berryman
President & CFO

Bob talked about it, $30 billion. It's typically higher-margin profile. And as that plays out, we'll see,
given the mix of that, what the driver is to margin. Our objectives longer term is that our margin profile
continues to grow across all of our businesses, including CMS. You're probably getting into a strategic
commentary that we're going to wait and hold on, relative to our discussion at the end of the year in
our Investor Day. But ultimately, our expectation is that our margins will be able to go up in all of our
businesses. And certainly, CMS would be included in that. So I think that that's one thing. The second one,
Steve?

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

So let me just add the P&PS question, Jamie, that you started with. There's nothing special. I mean it's
really driven by strong value-add strategy that we've been talking about. So -- but so nothing to point out
there from a P&PS standpoint, other than great performance.

The M&A side that you talked about, clearly, we're very pleased with our cash flow and the improved
balance sheet. We're obviously very excited about how fast of a start we're off to on the PA Consulting.
It's proving out what we talked about as far as high-margin, high-growth business and the significant
synergies with our total Jacobs platform. And so we're going to finalize our strategic approach as part
of this new strategy we're developing, and we'll get clarity toward the end of the year. But clearly, the
strategic consulting side is going to be one of the key components going forward.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

I just want to follow up on PA Consulting. It's obviously still early in your ownership. But maybe you could
talk about how successful so far you've been in bringing PA into markets where it has lower penetration,
such as the U.S.? And how successful in general you've been so far in capturing more front-end consulting
work. Because obviously, the push toward more front-end work could be a big deal for you guys.

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Yes, Andy, on the first part of the question, I would say we've exceeded expectations in the first 3 months
of the investment, on bringing PA into the U.S. And I'd probably point more to the private sector of that
piece. The PA traditionally -- and this is just to be even more specific. PA traditionally had relationships at
the kind of Tier 2, Tier 3 life sciences clients in -- whether it be med tech and kind of product technology
or looking at the digitization of a component of their business, such as clinical trials or other types of
health information items, honed it in on a few Tier 2 or Tier 3. We've immediately been able to bring them
into the Tier 1 rank. And those same offerings at larger scale, we're getting penetration on. So that's been
a big, big piece. Secondly -- and we're seeing it in the numbers with regards to kind of the percentage of
their bookings and where those are coming from, leading to P&L growth in the out quarters.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Second big piece, and this was publicly announced and that we had it in the script. So on the FUJI job, as
we look at how we can continue to deliver next-generation-type services to go faster, quite frankly, PA is
working with us on FUJI to automate our entire -- the -- our design approach. So it's a great example of
the digital skills of PA being brought into our core domain expertise and moving us up the value chain. So
really, really strong.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS.

Steven Fisher
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I apologize. I got on the call a little late. So if you covered this, we can take it offline. But just curious
about organic growth and the pace of growth there. I think Kevin and the comments in the press release,
you talked about being set up -- or maybe it was Steve, for nice structural growth from a number of
initiatives over the next several years. Just curious about the timing of the acceleration that we could see
here in your core CMS and P&PS segments. Do you think we're sort of at that inflection point right now? Is
it still -- these are fairly longer-cycle businesses. Is it still going to be something that takes place more in
2022? I know you talked about double-digit EBITDA growth. How much of that is a function of accelerating
revenue growth? If you could just fill in a little color there.

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So look, let me mention a few things we haven't talked about yet with regard to the Q&A is we talk a
lot about what's going on in the U.S. But outside of the U.S., our organic growth activity is clearly ramping
up. We have a strong pipeline in the U.K. Similar drivers there with infrastructure, stimulus and focus on
modernization, especially in the rail side and decarbonization. And we're expanding into Europe with some
new programs in the airport sector.

And then when we move over to the Middle East, we're seeing a really good pipeline and organic
opportunity in places like Saudi and across the region in high-speed rail and also on the defense side as
well. And similar things going on in parts of APAC and Australia, New Zealand. Solid pipeline in Australia,
New Zealand across transportation, also the power sector there and the whole sustainable solution. So I
wanted to kind of start with that.

When you take a step back and look at Jacobs' opportunity to grow organically, what we see is every
-- things are in different phases. Clearly, what Bob talked about around electronics and life sciences,
that's going to be a more rapid ramp up as we get into -- over the next several quarters because of
what -- especially what's going on around semiconductors. When we talk about this U.S. infrastructure
opportunity, a bulk of it is going to be programmatic funding and so, therefore -- formulaic funding, I
should have said. And so therefore, some of our frameworks and the way the funding will flow will happen
with more sort of ramping up and some of it even in the early parts of '22. But as we get into some of the
newer initiatives that the government is focusing on around resilience and energy transition and some of
the other digital opportunities, some of that will take a few extra quarters for that funding to flow to the
various agencies.

And on the Critical Mission Solutions side, if you look back to our -- the way Jacobs has unfolded over
the last several years, it tends to come in certain peaks. And we're building up this great pipeline. We're
very optimistic around the things that we've talked about. And then the only question is, does it hit next
quarter? Or does it hit a couple of quarters later? But when it comes, it's going to have a meaningful
impact to our '22 and moving into '23 and beyond. So overall, we just continue to be very bullish on our
ability to grow organically, before we even think about deploying capital to - on the M&A side.

Operator

Speakers, we have no further questions in the queue. Please continue.

Steven J. Demetriou
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Chairman & CEO

Thank you. Okay. Thanks, everyone. I appreciate the questions. Stay safe, and we look forward to staying
close with all of you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

