Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. NYSE:J
FQ4 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, November 23, 2021 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2021-

-FQ1 2022-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.57

1.58

0.64

1.61

6.30

6.29

(0.16 %)

7.07

3796.66

3586.49

(5.54 %)

3664.83

14302.73

14092.63

(1.47 %)

15582.62

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-23-2021 2:40 PM GMT

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

FQ4 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.29

1.39

1.52

1.57

1.41

1.66

1.64

1.58

9.30 %

19.42 %

7.89 %

0.64 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jonathan Doros
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Kevin C. Berryman
President & CFO

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Charles Albert Edward Dillard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Gautam J. Khanna
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Joshua Ward Sullivan
The Benchmark Company, LLC,
Research Division

Michael J. Feniger
BofA Securities, Research Division

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Sean D. Eastman
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Steven Fisher
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Jacobs Fiscal Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings
Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being
recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr.
Jonathan Doros of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.

Jonathan Doros
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. Good morning to all. Our earnings announcement and 10-K were filed this morning, and we
have posted a copy of the slide presentation on our website, which we will reference during the call.

During this presentation, we'll be making forward-looking statements, including the anticipated timing
of the impact of the recently signed U.S. infrastructure bill, benefits of our strategic investment in PA
Consulting and our financial outlook, among others. I would like to refer you to our forward-looking
statement disclaimer, which is included on Slide 2 regarding these and other forward-looking statements.

During this presentation, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to
Slide 2 of the presentation for more information on these figures. In addition, during the presentation,
we will discuss comparisons of current results to prior periods on a pro forma basis. See Slide 2 for more
information on the calculation of these pro forma metrics. For pro forma comparisons, current and prior
periods include the results of recent acquisitions in the PA Consulting investment. We are also providing
pro forma net revenue comparisons, which also exclude the impact of the extra week in Q4 fiscal 2020.

Turning to the agenda on Slide 3. Speaking on today's call will be Jacobs' Chair and CEO, Steve
Demetriou; President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Pragada; and President and Chief Financial Officer,
Kevin Berryman. Steve will begin by updating the progress we're making against our strategy and the
future of ESG and Jacobs. Bob will then review our performance by line of business. And Kevin will provide
a more in-depth discussion of our financial results, followed by an update on our Focus 2023 and M&A
initiatives as well as a review of our balance sheet and cash flow. Finally, Steve will provide the detail on
our updated outlook along with some closing remarks, and then we'll open the call up for your questions.

In the appendix of this presentation, we provided additional ESG-related information, including examples
of our leading ESG solutions.

With that, I will now pass it over to Steve Demetriou, Chair and CEO.

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

Thank you for joining us today to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2021 business performance
and key initiatives.

Turning to Slide 4. Before I review our results, I'd like to share that we're in the final stages of completing
our new strategy. We will be hosting an investor event on the week of March 7 for a deep dive of the next
phase of our Jacobs transformation.

Three key initiatives have emerged. First, we're putting in place a purpose-driven road map rooted in
our values and strong culture to maximize our next stage of growth. Secondly, we identified and have
aligned investment resources to capture three multi-decade growth opportunities: global infrastructure
modernization, climate response and the digitization of industry. And third, we're taking a transformational
approach to executing against these opportunities as we are unlocking the innovation engine at Jacobs,
expanding our technology ecosystem while accelerating our trajectory of profitable growth and durable
cash flow generation. We look forward to illuminating this strategy at our upcoming investor event.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

Now turning to our financial results. I'm pleased with our strong fourth quarter and fiscal year
performance with net revenue increasing 7% year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA grew 12% during the
quarter and 18% for the full year. Backlog ended the fourth quarter up 12% year-over-year and up 7% on
a pro forma basis.

PA Consulting continued to post exceptional performance with 41% revenue growth. More importantly,
PA delivered this growth while maintaining adjusted operating profit margins of 24%. For the full year, PA
revenues surpassed $1 billion, far exceeding our deal investment model.

As we look at overall Jacobs growth going forward, we now have certainty surrounding the unprecedented
U.S. infrastructure funding with the passage of the $1.2 trillion Infrastructure and Jobs Act last week.
And more broadly, global infrastructure modernization and national security needs are accelerating as
our government and commercial clients address the challenges of climate change, advancement of their
digitization strategies and increasing cyber threats. On top of that, our advanced facilities business is
expected to show significant growth driven by the need for additional semiconductor manufacturing
capacity and post-pandemic life sciences priorities. Given these strong growth dynamics, we're introducing
fiscal 2022 guidance for double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth. Looking beyond 2022, we expect our strong
organic growth to result in approximately $10 per share of adjusted EPS in fiscal year 2025.

Turning to Slide 5. As we reflect on climate change, it is globally accepted that humanity is at a critical
juncture in our efforts to limit global warming. Jacobs and PA participated at the recent UN Climate
Change Conference of the Parties, COP26, in Glasgow to demonstrate our commitment to reinvent
tomorrow with immediate and sustained action in the transition to a net zero economy. We stood
alongside other business, financial and government leaders as well as activists and students to make sure
our voice was heard. We engaged in activities to accelerate solutions to ensure the world stays on track to
meet the critical 1.5-degree Celsius trajectory while preparing to adapt to the changes already locked in
from climate change.

As we move to Slide 6, given the nature of our business, it's clear that Jacobs' greatest opportunity to
positively address climate change comes from the sustainable and resilient solutions that we co-create and
deliver in partnership with our clients. To spearhead this effort, we have established a new Office of Global
Climate Response and ESG to ensure that sustainability is woven into all of our solutions across markets
and geographies. We are accelerating our established partnerships with the public and private sector to
advance net zero carbon outcomes, climate resilience, natural and social capital as well as ESG business
transformation in alignment with the United Nations' sustainable development goals.

Annually, we generate approximately $5 billion of ESG-related revenue and expect to grow significantly
over the next several years, driven by strong capability and energy transition, decarbonization, climate
adaptation and natural resource stewardship.

Our culture is a competitive differentiator. Our people have the knowledge, curiosity and the trust of our
clients to achieve our purpose to create a more connected, sustainable world.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob Pragada to provide more detail by line of business.

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Thank you, Steve. Moving on to Slide 7 to review Critical Mission Solutions. During the fourth quarter,
our CMS business continued its strong performance. Total CMS backlog increased 16% year-over-year,
7% on a pro forma basis to $10.6 billion, driven by strategic new wins in cyber and intel and nuclear and
remediation.

Our CMS strategy is focused on creating recurring revenue growth and margin expansion by offering
technology-enabled solutions aligned to critical national priorities. Three market trends that we see
offering continued strong growth include cyber, commercial space and 5G technology for national security.

Beginning with cyber intelligence, we are seeing several major emerging threats to national security.
First, cyber attacks on mission-critical infrastructure, which are in even more stealth and as destructive

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

as a traditional attack. Second, the speed and complexity of near-peer threats, which requires real-time
coordination between space and other domains as the severity of nation state-sponsored attacks continues
to increase. And third, the adoption of data-intensive AI-based applications are dramatically increasing the
need for real-time data security and integrity.

The funding for addressing these threats are partially reflected in the unclassified federal government
spending on cyber in FY '22, which is expected to be over $20 billion, up 10% from prior year. Additionally,
we expect the spending within classified budgets to be up higher.

During the quarter, we were awarded a $300 million 7-year contract with the National Geospatial-
Intelligence Agency to modernize the NGA's ability to rapidly gain and share insights from cross-domain
inventory, including top secret data classification. And within the classified budget, we were awarded a
$170 million 5-year new contract to develop highly secure and hardened software applications that are
leveraging the latest advances in AI and machine learning.

We recently closed the BlackLynx acquisition, which provides software-enabled solutions for automating
the collection of data at the edge and quickly gaining insights into extremely large volumes of structured
and unstructured data. Our strong presence across the DoD and intelligence community as well as our
digital enablement center will provide the escape velocity for BlackLynx to commercialize and scale their
solutions, resulting in highly profitable recurring revenue.

We also recently announced the strategic investment and distribution agreement with Hawkeye 360, which
will enhance our digital intelligence suite of technologies with their RF spectrum analytics and collection
automation offering.

Moving on to space. With the significant amount of capital being infused into the commercial space
companies, the affordability of space tourism is becoming a reality as well as other emerging
opportunities, such as acceleration of satellite-based technologies and the need to understand the impact
of space debris. Today, we support commercial space companies with manufacturing process optimization,
system and subsystem prototype work and test facility studies and projects. As commercial space
matures, we are positioning our solutions for the emerging opportunity.

During the quarter, we were notified of a significant increase to the ceiling of our contract in Marshall
Space Flight Center that also supports Artemis and SLS. The U.S. space force selected Jacobs for a 5-year
contract to provide software and system support for its Patriot Excalibur system, which coordinates the
scheduling, training and status of U.S. space force aircraft. Finally, our telecom business has had a strong
quarter. And we see the rollout of 5G investment from clients like AT&T, Verizon, DIRECTV, T-Mobile and
DISH Network accelerating in 2022 and beyond. In addition, the new bipartisan infrastructure bill includes
$2.5 billion for 5G rollout at U.S. military bases, and the DoD is investing heavily in 5G technology in
support of national priorities.

In summary, we continue to see strong demand for our solutions in 2022. The CMS sales pipeline remains
robust with the next 18-month qualified new business opportunities remaining above $30 billion, which
includes $10 billion in source selection with an increasing margin profile.

Now on to Slide 8. I'll discuss our People & Places Solutions business. We finished the year with strong
financial performance with a year-over-year backlog growth of 7% and annual net revenue growth.

I'll discuss our results across the major themes of climate response, pandemic solutions, infrastructure
modernization and digitization. Starting with climate response. As the top-ranked global environmental
consulting firm, Jacobs is leading the efforts to mitigate the impacts of climate emergency, advance
transition to a clean energy net zero economy and rapidly respond to natural disasters. This quarter,
Jacobs was awarded a multiyear contract by the U.S. Army's Engineer Research and Development Center
to integrate nature-based solutions that grow climate resilience across defense department facilities.

Jacobs has recently been selected to reimagine New York's Rikers Island, taking the site through a full
community revitalization with an equitable, resilient, multiuse approach, incorporating our innovative
social value analysis. As the first phase in a 20-year program across the entire city, Jacobs' plan will

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

consolidate four aging wastewater facilities into a state-of-the-art 1 billion-gallon per day water resource
recovery facility that includes a renewable energy hub.

In the transportation market, our specialists have pioneered advanced charging technology that enables
clients to transition to decarbonize its operation, a key focus of economic stimulus packages. Our transit
team continues to win contracts that support clients with asset, operational and technology shifts towards
green fleets. For example, we recently won and commenced a hydrogen rail facility study with Caltrans.
And our long-term work with Brisbane Metro continues to showcase cutting-edge green transit solutions.

With exponential growth forecasted in the electric vehicle market, Jacobs has become the go-to firm to
support leading EV battery and vehicle manufacturing companies globally. We've doubled our EV book of
business in the past year and are forecasting continued growth.

We also announced a strategic partnership and investment in Microgrid Labs, a provider of commercial
fleet electrification and infrastructure solutions, including their proprietary SaaS platform. The green
economy transition is driving increased investments in hydrogen and renewables, and our team is
delivering diverse solutions for a range of clients from our participation in the Bacton Energy Hub
consortium in the U.K. to energy transmission plans for a potential offshore wind development in the
U.S. and additional contracts with Iberdrola's renewables Avonlie solar farm and the Swanbank waste-to-
energy facility in Australia.

Moving on to the theme of pandemic response. With ongoing impact to the supply chain, health systems
and semiconductor chip shortage, Jacobs is gaining momentum with multiyear backlog across sectors,
with new wins in biopharma such as the next phase of a new $2 billion biotechnology facility. Jacobs has
successfully won several health opportunities in the U.S., Europe and Australia as they rethink pandemic
response operations.

The most significant aspect of the global supply chain disruption involves semiconductor shortages. As
the world's leading technical services provider to the semiconductor industry, we are poised for significant
growth in the electronics sector this year and expect our electronics business to further accelerate over the
next several years. In fact, Jacobs is engineering several major investments for large chip manufacturers.

Projects like Intel's new Arizona fab, which is -- which Jacobs is designing, are scheduled to be fully
operational in 2024. The new fab will manufacture Intel's most advanced process technologies and
represent the largest private investment in Arizona's history. Interconnected with climate response,
pandemic solutions, infrastructure modernization and digital transformation are leading to long-term
transformative growth with significant wins across all markets.

Globally, we are continuing to win pioneering transportation projects across all sectors and modes. In
highways, we were recently selected for Transport for New South Wales, along with consortium partners,
to undertake the $1.2 billion Warringah freeway upgrade project to accommodate a third road crossing
Sydney harbor. In ports and maritime, we won the sustainable ports design and program management
for King Abdul Aziz Port in Dammam, Saudi Arabia. And in air transportation, we were selected as the
integrated program manager for the Solidarity Transport Hub in Poland, a greenfield airport in multimodal,
including a high-speed rail network with an initial planned capacity of 45 million passengers. The program
is of national significance. It will become the benchmark for zero-carbon delivery and be a sustainable
transportation platform for Eastern Europe's future travel demands.

Our long-standing relationships and existing framework agreements supported major wins with U.S. state
departments of transportation and Transport for London, emphasizing our market-leading position for
solving our clients' most complex transportation challenges. In summary, we see continued investment
across the P&PS client sectors. We are already experiencing exciting global wins in the first quarter of
our new fiscal year, indicating that we are well positioned to develop and deliver unmatched value and
capability to our clients as investment momentum builds from the U.S. Infrastructure Act and other
economic stimulus.

Turning to PA Consulting on Slide 9. As Steve mentioned, PA continues to exceed expectations. Supported
by an extension of consultative service to U.K.'s National Health Service, PA's efforts have extended into

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

longer-term vaccine deployment, test and trace and future pandemic preparedness planning. Additionally,
PA growth is being accentuated by recent digital solution wins for confidential U.S. biopharmaceutical
clients in the areas of cell and gene therapy and next-generation patient care model. We continue to
progress our synergy growth and long term collaboration.

The Jacobs PA team were recently awarded a biotechnology manufacturing plant expansion to provide
an end-to-end life cycle solution, incorporating critical digitized clinical trial information into the process
design and facility layout. Additionally, we continue to receive joint strategic consultancy awards in the
transportation sector globally. I look forward to our continued success with collaborative and integrated
offerings to our customers.

At COP26, PA displayed its deep ESG expertise and successfully unveiled its innovative EV battery
charging technology, ChargePoint. Further, PA gained and PA received industry recognition for their jointly
developed COVID-19 awareness and situational intelligence tool with Unilever. The business exceeded
talent expectations -- talent expansion targets for the year and is well positioned for continued out-year
growth. I will now turn it over to Kevin.

Kevin C. Berryman
President & CFO

And thank you, Bob, and good day to all listening on the call today. Turning to Slide 10 for a
financial overview of fourth quarter results, followed by our fiscal year review. As we have previously
communicated, our fiscal fourth quarter 2020 had 14 weeks compared to our normal 13-week quarters,
which impacted our quarter year-over-year growth rate by 7% and our full year growth rate by 2%. The
fourth quarter gross revenue increased 2% year-over-year and net revenue was up 7%. Including the pro
forma impact from all acquisitions and adjusting for the year ago extra week, net revenue was up 6% for
the quarter.

Adjusted gross margin in the quarter as a percentage of net revenue was 27.2%, up 370 basis points
year-over-year. Consistent with last year, the year-over-year increase in gross margin was driven by a
favorable revenue mix in both people and places, CMS as well as the benefit from PA Consulting, which
has a strong accretive gross margin profile of nearly 50%. We will continue to focus on increasing gross
margins as we bring to market higher-value solutions for our clients. Adjusted G&A as a percentage of net
revenue was up year-over-year to 17%. Within G&A, during the quarter, we incurred an approximate $20
million or $0.12 per share charge to a legal settlement cost, which burden both GAAP and our adjusted
results. This charge was related to a CH2M legacy matter surrounding a previously completed product
advisory arrangement.

GAAP operating profit was $252 million and was mainly impacted by $46 million of amortization from
acquired intangibles. Adjusted operating profit was $303 million, up 17%. Our adjusted operating profit to
net revenue was 10%, up 85 basis points year-over-year on a reported basis. GAAP EPS from continuing
operations rounded to $0.34 per share and included $0.45 primarily related to the U.K. statutory tax rate
changes and other tax-related items, $0.40 related to the final mark-to-market of the Worley stock and
related FX impact, $0.23 of net impact related to amortization of acquired intangibles, $0.10 of transaction
and other related costs and $0.06 from Focus 2023 and other restructuring costs.

Excluding these items, fourth quarter adjusted EPS was $1.58, including the $0.12 burden from the
previously discussed legal matter. During the quarter, PA's continued strong performance contributed
$0.23 of accretion, net of incremental interest. Q4 adjusted EBITDA was $310 million and was up 12%
year-over-year, representing 10% of net revenue.

Finally, turning to our bookings during the quarter. Our revenue book-to-bill ratio was 1.3x for Q4,
positioning us well for the developing growth momentum we expect over the course of fiscal year 2022.

Now turning to a recap of our full year fiscal year 2021 on Slide 11. Gross revenue increased 4%, and net
revenue was up 7%, including the pro forma impact of all acquisitions and adjusting for the extra week
in the year ago period, net revenue was up 3% for the full year. We continue to enhance our portfolio
to higher-value solutions, which is evident as gross margin as a percentage of net revenue was 26%

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

for the year, up 235 basis points year-over-year. We expect mid-single digit reported revenue growth in
the first quarter of fiscal 2022, with an acceleration in the second half of our fiscal year, driven by U.S.
infrastructure spending and the ramp-up of new awards in our CMS business.

GAAP operating profit was $688 million and was mainly impacted by the $261 million of purchase price
consideration for the PA Consulting investment and $150 million of amortization of acquired intangibles.
Adjusted operating profit was $1.188 billion, up 23% and represented 10% of net revenue. Adjusted
EBITDA of $1.244 billion was up 18% year-over-year to 10.6% of net revenue and just above the
midpoint of our increased fiscal 2021 outlook. GAAP EPS was $3.12 and was impacted by $1.96 from the
PA Consulting purchase price consideration and valuation allocation, $0.77 of amortization of acquired
intangibles, $0.57 related to the U.K. statutory rate change and other U.K. related tax items, $0.35 of net
charges related to Focus 2023, deal costs and restructuring and all of this being partially offset by a net
positive $0.48 from the final sale of Worley and C3.ai equity stakes. Excluding all of these items, adjusted
EPS was $6.29, also above the midpoint of our previously increased outlook. Of the $6.29, PA Consulting
contributed $0.48 to that figure.

Before turning to LOB performance, I would like to highlight that we are currently working on a further
optimization of our real estate footprint. As a result, while we are still reviewing key components of the
plan, we expect a potential noncash impairment charge ranging from $60 million to $70 million in the first
half of fiscal '22. Our new footprint will facilitate virtual work options that leverage new technology and
more collaborative workspaces in our offices.

Regarding our LOB performance, let's turn to Slide 12. Starting with CMS. Q4 2021 revenue was down 5%
year-over-year, but when adjusting for the extra week in Q4 2020 was relatively flat on a pro forma basis.
Let me remind you of the transitional dynamic impacting CMS revenue growth related to the transitioning
off of 2 lower-margin contracts. This represented $175 million year-over-year revenue impact during
the quarter. When excluding the contract run-up and adjusting for the extra week a year ago, pro forma
CMS revenue was up double digits year-over-year. In 2022 Q1, we expect to -- we continue to expect an
approximate $210 million year-over-year impact from these 2 contract roll-offs, and this will phase out in
Q2. As a result, we expected report -- we expect reported revenue in the first quarter 2022 to be down
slightly on a year-over-year basis, with underlying growth being much stronger.

We expect the CMS growth trajectory to improve over the year, resulting in a reported mid- to high single-
digit full year 2022 growth rate. Q4 CMS operating profit was $115 million, up 7%. Operating profit margin
was strong, up 100 basis points year-over-year to 9.1%. For the full year, CMS operating profit was $447
million, up 20% with 8.8% operating profit margin. The improvement for the quarter and the year and
operating margin was driven by our strategy to focus on higher-margin opportunities across the business.
We expect operating profit margin to remain in the mid-8% range through fiscal 2022.

Moving to People & Places. Q4 net revenue was flat year-over-year. When factoring in the impact from
the extra week, P&PS grew net revenue approximately 8% year-over-year for Q4 and was up 2% for the
fiscal year 2021. In Q4, total P&PS operating profit was down year-over-year, driven by the $20 million
legal settlement cost I described earlier. Adding back that legal settlement cost, operating profit growth
would have been up 8% in Q4. For the fiscal year, operating profit was up 5% or 8% excluding the legal
settlement. In terms of PA's performance, PA contributed $273 million in revenue and $66 million in
operating profit for the quarter. Q4 revenue grew 41% and 32% year-over-year in sterling.

Q4 adjusted operating profit margin was 24%, in line with our expectations. On a full year basis, PA
Consulting grew revenue 33%, 24% in sterling, with adjusted operating profit margin of 23%. Our non-
allocated corporate costs were $55 million for the quarter and $190 million for the full year. These costs
were up year-over-year and in line with our expectations. These -- this -- the increase, excuse me, was
driven primarily by the expected increases in medical costs and IT investments related to our new ways
of working. In fiscal 2022, we expect non-allocated corporate costs to be in the range of $200 million to
$250 million, given continued increases in medical costs and other investments. These corporate costs as
well as Focus 2023, CMS, P&PS investments will precede our expected acceleration in revenue growth and
profit later in 2022.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

In summary, these increased investments ahead of our growth will likely result in our Q1 profitability
and EPS being relatively flat versus our Q4 results, with Q2 then showing improvement and further
acceleration occurring in the second half of the year.

Turning to Slide 13 to discuss our cash flow and balance sheet. During the fourth quarter, we generated
$176 million in reported free cash flow as DSO again showed strong improvement. The quarter's cash
flow included $22 million of cash related to restructuring and other items with $16 million related to a real
estate lease termination as we take advantage of virtual working. For the year, free cash flow was $633
million, which was mainly impacted by the $261 million of PA purchase price consideration treated as post-
closing compensation that we discussed last quarter. Regardless, our reported free cash flow represented
133% conversion against our reported net income.

For the full year 2022, we will again target an adjusted free cash flow conversion of at or above 1x. As
a result of our strong cash flow, we ended the quarter with cash of $1 billion and a gross debt of $2.9
billion, resulting in $1.9 billion of net debt. Our pro forma net debt to adjusted expected 2022 EBITDA
is approximately 1.3x, a clear indication of the strength of our balance sheet. During the quarter, we
monetized our Worley stock for $370 million and executed a $250 million accelerated share repurchase
program. We will continue to monitor for any material dislocation in our share price, given the strong long-
term secular growth opportunities for our company.

And finally, given our strong balance sheet and free cash flow, we remain committed to our quarterly
dividend, which was increased 11% earlier this year to $0.21 per share. Now I'll turn it back over to
Steve.

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO
Thanks, Kevin. We are introducing our fiscal 2022 outlook for adjusted EBITDA to be in a range of $1.37
billion to $1.45 billion, which at the midpoint represents double-digit growth. Our adjusted earnings per
share outlook for fiscal 2022 is in the range of $6.85 to $7.45. We expect the multiyear benefit from
the U.S. Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act to support our growth in the second half of fiscal 2022.
As we look beyond this year, we see substantial opportunities for sustained organic growth driven by
infrastructure monetization, climate response and digital transformation. We anticipate approximately $10
of adjusted EPS in fiscal 2025. And our in-person investor event in March will further expand on our long-
term strategy and financial model. Operator, we'll now open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs.

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Steve, as you built the portfolio, there's clearly been a focus to bring together green businesses. And
because of the idiosyncratic ESG scoring, unfortunately, you folks aren't getting much credit for that. ESG
funds are 80% underweight Jacobs. How does that impact the way you folks view the CMS portfolio or
portions of the CMS portfolio going forward?

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

Well, look, there are some investors that are holding back because of some of our work, which is really
a very small portion, probably less than 2% of our overall revenue that is really focused around what
I would call critical national security for the U.S. and government. And we are reaching out to those
investors to try to explain that we're not involved in things like the manufacturing of nuclear weapons or
whatever's holding them back.

But I really think that as people understand sort of the fact that we're probably the largest public company
delivering ESG climate change solutions out there that -- and as they see that ramping up and get more
clarity, I think we're going to attract a lot more investors that want to be part of the ESG story.

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

And Steve, just a clarification, is divestiture of that 2% on the table at all? How are you thinking about
that within the portfolio context?

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

Look, again, it's so small that we haven't really thought about that. But like anything else, Jerry, over the
next few years, you'll hear a little more about this during the strategy. We're going to continue to look at
our portfolio and make sure we're aligned with all the right growth dynamics. And so I think we've proven
that up to now, and we'll continue to transform our portfolio in the right direction.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Josh Sullivan of the Benchmark Company.

Joshua Ward Sullivan
The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division

I was curious if you could just give us some perspective just on global CapEx expectations into '22. You
guys have such a large global portfolio and touch so many different markets. But from your view, what are
customers generally planning for CapEx heading into '22 as they look to move out of the pandemic?

Kevin C. Berryman
President & CFO

So look, I think there's a couple of things that we need to point out, specifically the customers that Bob
highlighted in his comments, really about our advanced facilities, clearly very, very, very strong there. And
the semiconductor shortage is acute, and we have many of our clients that are looking to build significant
capacities over the next several years.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

I do think our private clients ultimately are now all thinking more robustly about spend as it relates to
environmental solutions and thinking about how they can transform their footprints in a way that are
facilitating our ability to become a more sustainable global economy, and I think that, that's clear. And
then I would augment that is, with our government services side, exactly the same comment. So I think
the CapEx is very strong in that regard.

The last piece I would call out is our environmental business and energy transition business is touching
the oil and gas space as well, where we are working with them to ultimately provide incremental capability
sets that will help them in them becoming a more viable, sustainable contributor to the global climate
actions being taken around the globe.

So I think you're right, they were focused across a wide swath. And actually, a lot of them, given the work
we do, are very, very strongly focused on these areas, which we think will encourage incremental CapEx
longer term.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse.

Jamie Lyn Cook
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I guess first question, the EPS target that you put out there for 2025, the $10, supports, obviously,
good growth there. Kevin, can you just talk about what are the costs to achieve the $10 in terms of
restructuring or investment? And then on the $10, can you provide some parameters, sort of top line
margins? Do we need to utilize the balance sheet in terms of M&A or share repurchase to help achieve the
$10? So I guess that's my first question. I'll start there.

Kevin C. Berryman
President & CFO

Yes, Jamie, thanks for that. The $10 is really an organic number that we're alluding to and really doesn't
involve capital deployment in any material fashion. And so I think clearly, there could be a potential upside
to those numbers, but we're working through all of that with our strategy, which we will talk more about in
March, as Steve outlined. So some of your questions are a little premature as we're finalizing all that work
for margins and whatnot. Rest assured, though, I think you can pretty much assume that the margin is
not going down as it relates to what we're trying to get accomplished from an overall perspective.

As it relates to cost to get there, look, we think that most of the things that we're going to be able to do
are going to be embedded in our normal course operational expenditures. We did -- I did highlight the
fact that we're working on a further optimization of our real estate footprint. We're expecting a potential
impairment of, I don't know, $60 million to $70 million, maybe up to $70 million in the first half, maybe
even in the first quarter. And then if I think about other things, there's not going to be significant monies
on top of that, maybe $25 million to $50 million in 2022. And then '23 and beyond, TBD, I would say.
And so we're really thinking that we like the portfolio and other than things that would occur relative to
integration of acquisitions and deal costs and those kind of things, probably somewhat de minimis in terms
of restructuring costs outside of those.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher of UBS.

Steven Fisher
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

One of the things I think the business and the stock really needs is kind of a breakout to the upside on
the P&PS organic revenue growth. And it seems like we started to see that this quarter. But I think, Kevin,
you said maybe 8% NSR growth which is, I think, up from about 1.4% for the last couple of quarters. So
maybe just more qualitatively, to what extent are you really seeing a breakout on that P&PS growth now?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

So what's the organic assumption you have for the rest of fiscal '22 because I think you gave us some
color on Q1? And what have you factored in there exactly for stimulus as part of that growth?

Kevin C. Berryman
President & CFO

So let me take it, and then, Bob, you can add any commentary if you'd like to. Look, we're in this period of
time in our Q1 and Q2 primarily where the numbers aren't really going to be impacted yet by the stimulus.
We believe that's more a Q3 event. Maybe we get a little bit in Q2 but likely not, and that is more Q3
and an acceleration into Q4 that we would expect the benefits associated with the stimulus. And so we're
excited about that.

Having said all of that, I do believe our incremental growth going forward in Q1 and Q2 is going to be
more solid than what we've been seeing over the last few quarters. And so we're starting to see some of
that benefit of the advanced facilities certainly not as much in Q1 but in Q2. And so I do think we'll see
some good solid growth in Q1 and Q2 on People & Places, and then it will accelerate again, hopefully, into
the Q3 and Q4 numbers. So we feel good about the developing momentum.

I did make the comment that we're investing in front of that growth, too. So we're not going to see a lot of
incremental margin associated with that because we're investing heavily.

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Yes. What I'd add to that, Kevin, is that Steve, that what's giving us optimism around there is our
bookings. If we look at just the way we started out the year from a bookings perspective, it's been solid.

What the other part of that is that we have to think about the project life cycle. So these bookings are
starting off with consultative services that are on the front end of some of these programs and projects.
And then they go through the subsequent phases where our services will escalate. So overall, very good
leading indicators that support what Kevin is saying.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz of Citigroup.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Can you give us a little more color into what's going on in CMS? I think, Kevin, you said that CMS margin
would stay in the mid-8% range in FY '22, but the margin has already risen to over 9% in the last quarter
despite still significant contribution from the lower-margin contract work that's flowing through. Is there
something else now impacting your margin in FY '22?

And then on the revenue side, your CMS backlog up double digits seems to suggest that you can deliver
the mid- to high single-digit guidance that you have, but you need to see an acceleration of awards and/or
revenue burn, what you've been -- versus what you've been recording in Q4 to get there?

Kevin C. Berryman
President & CFO

So CMS, specifically. As you may recall, 2, 3, 4 years ago, when we did have these lower margin and large
contracts, we were in the 5% to 6% operating profit margin. And we've now built over time that to a
mid-8% number, which is great, and it's consistent with our strategy.

As we look about 2022 specifically, we'll have ramp on some other lower-margin business associated with
Idaho and other nuclear remediation work. But that's not going to dampen our margins. It's just going to
hold it flat for 2022. And then in '23 and beyond, we start to see incremental margin above that as well.
So it's a continuation of a long-term margin play. It's just the ebbs and flows of when the big contracts
come in, the margins associated with them. So '22 is a little limited in terms of income and margin, then
we start to build again in '23 and beyond.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

So I guess for the operator, there's some background noise. I don't know if it's your side after you're
opening it up for questions. So could you double check that.

Operator

Yes, sir. And your next question comes from the line of Chad Dillard of Bernstein.

Charles Albert Edward Dillard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

So just wanted to dig into PPS. It seems like you have so many opportunities to have with climate change,
semiconductors, infrastructure, digitization. How are you guys sizing your bets? Can you just like talk
about the relative rank and the size of the opportunity? And then just thinking through just where you
guys back up in terms of competitive dynamics in those segments?

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

Chad, can you repeat the front part of that question again? It's a little broken.

Charles Albert Edward Dillard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Yes, sure. So I was just saying in PPS, it seems that you have just so many different opportunities ahead
from climate change to semis, infrastructure, digitization. I just wanted to understand just how you guys
are sizing your bets across all of those opportunities. If you can talk about the relative rank in terms of the
size of opportunity and your relative competitive position in those.

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

Sure. So as far as prioritization goes, I would say that kind of if you were segregate into two buckets,
one around climate change and the second around all those things that are creating the supply chain
disruption, those are the ones that are coming to priority right now.

I'd say on the climate change piece, and this is where the portfolio optimization is really helping us, we're
honing in on those areas that we have a sound market leadership, long-term client relationships and
where we can deliver immediate value. And those are squarely around transportation, water resiliency and
all the environmental impacts that are affiliated with climate change.

And so those client relationships that we've had have been pretty robust for several years and are
supporting those opportunity. Around advanced facilities, this is a multi-decade type of leadership
approach that we've had, specifically in semis, but also in life sciences that's been a legacy business of
ours forever. And so we're seeing those opportunities, again, not searching for them. These are long-term
client relationships that we've had, and we're kind of in the capital planning for those clients. And so it's
really gaining share with long-term clients that's setting the priorities.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Sean Eastman of KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Sean D. Eastman
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

So I'm just looking at the 2025 target. I think that implies around 12% earnings growth CAGR over the
next couple of years. Seems like at the midpoint of the fiscal '22 guidance, you're going to outpace that.
And I just wanted to reconcile that considering the way you described the cadence of fiscal '22 earnings.
It seems like the exit velocity is going to be quite strong and that we should actually see accelerating

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

earnings growth out of fiscal '22. So I hope that question makes sense. Just wanted to talk through the
mechanics there. Maybe there's some conservatism. Any commentary there would be helpful.

Kevin C. Berryman
President & CFO

Look, I think what we do when we put forth our indications of what we expect our business to do, we think
those are numbers that are obviously going to be able to be executed against. And so yes, there's a lot
of moving pieces. And you're right, we will hopefully exit this year with a greater velocity than what we
entered clearly. And so we'll see how that plays out.

But I think ultimately, what's clear is that we've got a -- whether it's 12% or 11% or 13% or -- whatever it
ends up being, we're going to have a long haul of good, solid margin-enhancing growth in front of us.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Michael Dudas of Vertical Research.

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Maybe Bob, you can share a little bit of your thoughts on your recent acquisitions and other opportunities
in the pipeline from CMS certainly increasing your cyber intel higher-margin business. But also on the PPS
side, I know you didn't put things out into your long-term guide on acquisitions. But how do you see that?
And is the company set to achieve these targets with the employees and professionals that you have?
And is there going to be some interesting opportunities to leverage some of that PA work as you get more
collaborative to drive even further growth to serve the client base?

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Michael, let me unpack that here a bit. First, on the acquisition piece. We're excited. If you look at the last
two that we did within CMS about a year ago with The Buffalo Group and most recently with BlackLynx,
these are right down the -- right in the bull's eye of where we're going in cyber and intelligence where
we're bringing in, whether it be client diversification with The Buffalo Group and higher-end advisory
services, and that has played out extremely well. If you look at some of the -- we have code names for
them, but some of the wins that we've had over the course of the last 9 months, that has played out
perfectly.

And then BlackLynx is getting us into those software solutions, coupled with advisory services on
automation and collection of data with processing engines that are working at the edge, all around
security. And so we're excited about both of those. And coupled with long-term advisory platforms that
we've had and the agencies that we're already in, that's going to serve us extremely well.

With regard to prospects in the P&PS world, I'd target it more towards -- it's not too dissimilar than
our cyber and intelligence prospects around technology. We've got a strong position with our domain
knowledge for several decades within those end markets that we're talking about. Coupled with now,
technology-enabled solutions, it is really what our acquisition strategy has been as accelerants to our
strategy. So we're looking at the pipeline right now. It looks really good and more to follow on that front,
as Steve mentioned at the Investor Day.

The employee base is something that we are acutely focused in on right now. This is where our globality
really, really helps us in that we're in multiple locations around the world with high-end talent that are
delivering global talent utilized to deliver local solutions. And so our ability to scale, you hear about some
of the labor shortages that -- and labor topics that are -- that we're faced with in the Western hemisphere,
we're scaling in multiple locations for jobs that are all around the world. And that's been a big piece of
ours.

And then that last part with regards to PA, mentioned a couple of collaborative opportunities. But where
are -- where PA sits in a lot of the same clients that we have in that C-suite as well as in kind of the front

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

end of technology as our clients are developing new innovative ways of delivering the global topics, we're
seeing the collaboration accelerate. And hopefully, we'll have some more wins to talk about, the Defra win
in the U.K. last quarter, this win, can't disclose a client in the biotechnology world. It's just shown that
having the ability to offer expertise at the entirety of the life cycle of a project, a program or an issue is
powerful and is one that's picking up some significant momentum. So we're excited on all fronts.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna of Cowen.

Gautam J. Khanna
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I wanted to follow up on the outstanding bids. I think you said $10 billion in source selection and just
get a sense for how -- what is sort of the phasing in terms of adjudication time line? Are you expecting
a strong December quarter in terms of bookings? And just how does your -- how does the -- if you could
talk to us about the continuing resolution and how that might change kind of the range of outcomes at
CMS and relatedly, recompete concentration over the next fiscal year, how much of the business base is up
for rebid?

Steven J. Demetriou
Chairman & CEO

Look, we're pretty positive, confident that this whole continuing resolution, defense budgets, all that will
play out over the next several months and get concluded. And we're expecting an increase in the DoD
budget, and we're pretty positive about space and cyber and the growth rates, especially in the classified
work, where we're significantly aligned to and hypersonics and telecom. And we feel very well positioned
at places like NASA and how the budgets played out there. So really, it comes down to the whole timing
question that you asked.

There has been some delay -- very modest delay as the government clients are waiting just to see the
outcome of this budget. And so as soon as that gets finalized, we see a few of these near-term prospects
that we've hinted to, to unleash whether that happens in December or the second quarter, I think we're
talking about sort of that kind of timing. So we're -- that's why we're very optimistic about the upward
trend in CMS revenue growth as we move through 2022.

Kevin C. Berryman
President & CFO

Just a follow-up on your question on rebids. There is, at the end of the year, a couple of larger rebids that
we're going to have to be thinking through. But there's real no rebid risk embedded into the 2022 year
assumption.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Michael Feniger, Bank of America.

Michael J. Feniger
BofA Securities, Research Division

Kevin, just so we're not missing anything here, to follow up on Sean's question, you guys just did the high
end of your EPS range in 2021. And the midpoint is 14% growth. So just conceptually, with infrastructure
ramping up, the CMS incremental is really taking off in 2023. Is there anything we should be aware of, big
picture, of why earnings growth would not accelerate? Why it would step down to 2025? Is there, as you
were kind of alluding to, is it recompete risk? Is it just higher -- less level of SG&A or where the margins
are? Just kind of help us understand. I know you'll flesh out more at the Investor Day. Just when we see
that $10 of EPS and the earnings growth you guys are getting this year, which is back-end loaded, just the
bridge there, just what are the things that would hold back that earnings growth?

Kevin C. Berryman

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

President & CFO

Well, look, we're talking 2025 here. That's 4 years from now. We're still in the midst of a pandemic. And I
think it's prudent to put some variability about what the world looks like 4 years from now. So I think the
most powerful message about the $10 is we're putting that number out there, even if economic situation
is in not a good place in 2025.

So look, I think it's prudent, prudent to put out numbers that are appropriate and we feel like we can get
after. And by the way, it's 4 years from now. So a lot can happen in 4 years.

Operator

Your final question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

I just want to follow up on PA Consulting because you recorded almost $0.50 of accretion in '21. I think
that's essentially double your original guide when you announced the deal. I know you probably don't
want to tell us what's embedded exactly in FY '22, and we know what your original guide was there. But
maybe you can give us color on what has, at PA, exceeded your expectations by such a wide amount? And
what does that mean for Jacobs moving forward?

Kevin C. Berryman
President & CFO

So a couple of things, and maybe I'll turn it over to Bob for any additional color. I think, Andy, the first
thing is that the acceleration in their growth, which is really the driver to what's been happening in 2022,
a lot of it -- or a chunk of it is in -- related to that specific work Bob was alluding to on pandemic related
and the work that they've been doing for the U.K. government, really, really strong performance.

Now there -- as we look into 2022, they're going to be growing, but it's not going to be at that same rate
that we've been talking about. They got to figure out a way to recover and get new business to replace
some of this business that's going to go away. So it's not a slam dunk as it relates to what's going to be
happening in 2022 by any stretch.

So having said all of that, what they've done in '22 -- or '21 has been extraordinarily strong, good
margins, and they've been executing well. And actually, the exciting thing is the collaboration between
PA and People & Places and CMS is very strong, and we're seeing that develop into longer-term growth
opportunities for maybe PA but certainly Jacobs as well.

Robert V. Pragada
President & COO

Maybe two areas that we knew about. We probably didn't fully give credit to the depth of the two things
that I'm about to mention. One is the applied technology ability that they have. You see consulting firms
that have kind of a road map or a recipe or a methodology that they utilize for different challenges and
then proposing solutions. PA's is applied, applied technology to solve a unique issue.

And so that has really paid some dividends, especially with the new work. Kevin and I talked about the
U.K. work, but this is now what we're seeing in the U.S.

And then the second is around the depth of relationship. The depth of relationships that PA has and where
to connect in the client organization and really hone that relationship through performance has been
extremely impressive. And as again, we knew about it, it's exceeded our expectations.

Operator

And there are no further questions.

Steven J. Demetriou

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

Chairman & CEO

Okay. Thank you very much. Look forward to talking to you again next quarter.

Operator
And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 23, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

