Johnson & Johnson NYSE:JNJ
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 21, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.29

2.48

Revenue  (mm)

22538.60

23312.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-21-2021 1:14 PM GMT

8.30

3.43

2.41

9.54

10.42

23027.99

91782.48

97371.91

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.98

1.83

2.35

2.29

2.20

1.86

2.59

2.48

11.11 %

1.64 %

10.21 %

8.30 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

15

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Ashley A. McEvoy
Executive VP & Worldwide
Chairman of Medical Devices

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Jennifer L. Taubert
Executive VP & Worldwide
Chairman of Pharmaceuticals

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

Thibaut Mongon
Executive VP & Worldwide
Chairman of Consumer Health

Matthew Stephan Miksic
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

ANALYSTS

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Securities, Research Division

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Christopher Thomas Schott
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jayson Tyler Bedford
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Joanne Karen Wuensch
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Joshua Thomas Jennings
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Louise Alesandra Chen
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to Johnson & Johnson's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions] The call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at
this time. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the conference call over to Johnson & Johnson. You may begin.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning. This is Chris DelOrefice, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson.
Welcome to our company's review of business results for the second quarter and our updated financial
outlook for 2021.

Joining me on today's call is Joe Wolk, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. Also joining Joe
and myself in the Q&A portion of the call will be Jennifer Taubert, Executive Vice President and Worldwide
Chair, Pharmaceuticals; Thibaut Mongon, Executive Vice President and Worldwide Chair, Consumer Health;
and Ashley McEvoy, Executive Vice President and Worldwide Chair, Medical Devices.

A few logistics before we get into the details. This review is being made available via webcast, accessible
through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website at investor.jnj.com, where you
can also find additional materials, including today's presentation and associated schedules.

Please note that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements. We encourage you to review
the cautionary statement included in today's presentation, which identifies certain risks and factors that
may cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected. In particular, there is
uncertainty about the duration and contemplated impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. This means that
results could change at any time and the contemplated impact of COVID-19 on the company's business
results and outlook is a best estimate based on the information available as of today's date.

A further description of these risks, uncertainties and other factors can be found in our SEC filings,
including our 2020 Form 10-K and subsequent Form 10-Qs along with reconciliations of the non-GAAP
financial measures utilized for today's discussion to the most comparable GAAP measures are also
available at investor.jnj.com.

Several of the products and compounds discussed today are being developed in collaboration with
strategic partners or licensed from other companies. This slide acknowledges those relationships.

Moving to today's agenda. I will review the second quarter sales and P&L results for the corporation
and the 3 business segments. Joe will provide insights about our cash position and capital allocation
deployment and will outline our updated guidance inclusive of the COVID-19 vaccine for 2021. Then we
will begin the Q&A session with each of the segment leaders providing a brief update on their respective
businesses. The remaining time will be available for your questions. We anticipate the webcast will last up
to 75 minutes.

Now let's move to the second quarter results. Worldwide sales were $23.3 billion for the second quarter of
2021, an increase of 27.1% versus the second quarter of 2020. Operational sales growth, which excludes
the effect of translational currency, increased 23% as currency had a positive impact of 4.1 points.

In the U.S., sales increased 24.9%. In regions outside the U.S., our reported growth was 29.5%.
Operational sales growth outside the U.S. was 20.9%, with currency positively impacting our reported OUS
results by 8.6 points. Excluding the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures, adjusted operational sales
growth was 23.8% worldwide, 25.1% in the U.S. and 22.4% outside the U.S.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Turning now to earnings. For the quarter, net earnings were $6.3 billion and the diluted earnings per share
was $2.35 versus diluted earnings per share of $1.36 a year ago. Excluding after-tax intangible asset
amortization expense and special items for both periods, adjusted net earnings for the quarter were $6.6
billion and adjusted diluted earnings per share was $2.48, representing increases of 49% and 48.5%,
respectively, compared to the second quarter of 2020.

On an operational basis, adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 44.9%.

I will now comment on business segment sales performance, highlighting items that build upon the slides
you have in front of you. Unless otherwise stated, percentages quoted represent the operational sales
change in comparison to the second quarter of 2020, and therefore, exclude the impact of currency
translation.

Beginning with Consumer Health, Worldwide Consumer Health sales totaled $3.7 billion and increased
9.2%, with increases in the U.S. of 12.4% and growth of 6.3% outside of the U.S. Excluding the impact
of divestitures, worldwide growth was 10%. Year-to-date, adjusted operational growth was 3.3% and is
more reflective of performance given the quarterly fluctuations of COVID-19 impacts. Over-the-counter
medicines grew 8.9% globally, driven by strong growth in ZYRTEC due to both the timing of and increased
incidence in the allergy season. Digestive health grew double digits driven by U.S. PEPCID, new SKU
stocking in the club channel, coupled with share growth, and increased COVID-19-related health care
professional recommendations for the hydration benefit offering, ORSL, in the Asia Pacific region.

The skin health/beauty franchise grew 12.9% globally, with the U.S. increasing 23% and OUS increasing
1.4%. Skin health/beauty outside the U.S. was negatively impacted by approximately 300 basis points due
to divestitures. Worldwide growth was driven by market recovery in key markets, increased U.S. stocking
for new products and comparisons to COVID-19-related destocking dynamics.

NEUTROGENA and AVEENO delivered strong performance in the U.S., primarily due to market recovery,
new product innovation and higher stocking due to the NEUTROGENA rapid firming product launch,
partially offset by competitive pressures. OGX and Maui growth was driven by share gains and market
growth in Hair Care.

Oral Care grew 2.5% globally due to strong OUS performance for LISTERINE, reflecting accelerated
category and increased demand from continued successful promotional campaigns. Divestitures in the
quarter negatively impacted results by 310 basis points.

The Baby Care franchise grew by 5% as a result of market recovery and OUS strength in Johnson's and
AVEENO Baby in e-commerce.

Wound Care delivered strong growth of 13.4%, driven by U.S. market growth with increased consumer
behaviors focused on preparedness and infection prevention and seasonal stocking versus prior year
COVID-19 destocking dynamics.

Moving on to our Pharmaceutical segment. Worldwide Pharmaceutical sales of $12.6 billion grew 13.6%,
with strength in both the U.S. increasing by 12.2% and OUS with sales increasing by 15.4%. Excluding
the impact of divestitures, worldwide growth was 14.1%. Global sales in the quarter included $164 million
contribution from the COVID-19 vaccine. Additionally, as a reminder, for comparison purposes, Q2 of 2020
was negatively impacted by access-related constraints due to COVID-19 resulting in a decrease of roughly
300 to 350 basis points in total across key brands.

Our strong portfolio of products and commercial capabilities continues to enable us to deliver strong
adjusted operational growth at above-market levels. Our immunology therapeutic area delivered global
sales growth of 17%, driven by strong double-digit performance of STELARA and TREMFYA offset by
declines in REMICADE due to biosimilar competition. STELARA continued to show strength in all regions,
growing at 30.5% driven by increased market growth and share gains with U.S. share increasing roughly 4
points in Crohn's disease and nearly 8 points in ulcerative colitis.

TREMFYA was up 36.8% with strong double-digit growth worldwide due to share gains, continued global
expansion into new markets and additional penetration into the psoriatic arthritis indication that was

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

approved in 2020. U.S. share increased over 2 points in psoriasis and nearly 3 points in psoriatic arthritis
in the quarter.

Our oncology portfolio delivered another strong quarter with growth of 21.5%. DARZALEX continued its
exceptional performance trajectory growing 53.8%, driven by share gains and increased penetration of
the subcutaneous formulation in the U.S. and EU. DARZALEX continues to grow share across all lines of
therapy with nearly 4 points of share growth in line 1 in the U.S. this quarter.

ERLEADA also continued its global momentum with growth of 73.7% in the quarter driven by market
share, which increased by nearly 2 points across indications, and penetration gains, especially in the
metastatic indication.

IMBRUVICA grew 12.5% globally due to volume gains driven by our market-leading share but was
partially offset by modest share losses in the U.S. to novel oral competition and a market that remains
slightly depressed due to temporary COVID-19 impacts on new patient starts.

In neuroscience, our paliperidone long-acting portfolio had strong double-digit growth of 10.6% driven by
market and share growth due to increased new patient starts and strong persistency.

Cardiovascular/metabolism/other declined 7.3% this quarter, driven by continued biosimilar competition
for PROCRIT and competitive pressures in INVOKANA, which was partially offset by growth of 1.8% in
XARELTO due to continued demand strength.

Lastly, our pulmonary hypertension portfolio achieved growth of 8.7% with OPSUMIT growth of 11.9% and
UPTRAVI growth of 9.8%, both driven by market penetration and share gains.

I'll now turn your attention to the Medical Devices segment. Worldwide Medical Devices sales of $7 billion
grew 57.2% with the U.S. increasing 77.2% and OUS increasing 41.9%, primarily due to the recovery
of procedures from COVID-19 restrictions that occurred in the second quarter of 2020, coupled with the
success of recently launched products and commercial activities across the business.

Selling days had a minor positive impact on growth this quarter. We expect the full year impact from
selling days, excluding the impact of the 53rd week in 2020, to be minimal. Given the extent of the
procedure disruption from COVID-19 in 2020, I thought it may be helpful to provide context for our
current quarter performance versus the second quarter of 2019.

Worldwide Medical Devices grew about 7% versus Q2 2019, with 8 of our 11 billion-dollar platforms
showing growth versus 2019. The pace of market recovery in knees, spine and vision surgical has been
slower than the other markets in which we compete as these procedures are perceived to be more
deferrable by patients.

Geographically, both the U.S. and Asia Pacific markets surpassed Q2 2019, while EMEA and Latin America
markets have been slower to recover and Q2 results remained at or below 2019 levels.

Looking at results for each of our platforms. Interventional Solutions delivered another strong quarter with
worldwide growth of 71.3% and strong double-digit growth versus the second quarter of 2019.

Electrophysiology reinforced our global market share leadership position growing 74.4%, driven by a
recovery in the market coupled with our market expansion activities, the strength of our broad-based
portfolio and new products.

Worldwide orthopedics delivered 48.6% growth versus the prior year, driven primarily by market recovery
and success of newer product launches.

Worldwide trauma delivered growth of 24.8%, reflecting market recovery, strength of our comprehensive
portfolio and success of newer product introductions. This quarter, we expanded our market-leading
portfolio of products with the launch of a next-generation variable angle clavicle plate system designed to
enhance plate-to-bone fit on a broad range of patients and simplify implant selection for the surgeon.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

And we launched an advanced tibial nailing system designed to provide a more stable implant solution and
create efficiency within the health care system by streamlining instrumentation across our portfolio.

Worldwide hips grew 68.1% this quarter, driven by market recovery, our continued leadership position
in the anterior approach, demand for the ACTIS stem aided by our other enabling technologies such as
VELYS Hip Navigation and innovative commercial programs focused on expanding coverage and ACTIS for
hip fracture patients in parts of Europe and Latin America.

Knees returned to growth this quarter increasing 94.6% globally, primarily due to market recovery. Results
reflect continued COVID-19 challenges and the related impact on procedures in markets like India, Japan
and Australia; and other dynamics, including faster recovery trends in primary knee procedures compared
to revisions.

This quarter, we began commercialization of our VELYS robotic-assisted solution for total knee procedures
in the U.S. We believe this launch, along with our differentiated VELYS digital solutions and a 2 knee
platform, including the second half 2021 launch of ATTUNE Cementless fixed bearing knee with AFFIXIUM
3D-printed technology will enhance our portfolio and competitiveness as procedures continue to recover.

Spine returned to worldwide growth this quarter, increasing 51.7%, reflecting market recovery and
positive impact from recently launched products, SYMPHONY, CONDUIT and FIBERGRAFT as well as
strategic partnerships which further enhance our offerings such as the X-Pac expandable cage.

Advanced Surgery grew 44.3% versus prior year. In addition to the positive impact of procedure recovery,
biosurgery delivered sales growth of 48% and positive share momentum driven by new products and
commercial strategies to expand market penetration and adoption.

Endocutters and energy both grew around 40% globally, primarily due to procedure recovery, new product
introductions and China Tier 2 and 3 hospital market expansion activities, partially offset by competitive
pressure in U.S. We also achieved a significant milestone within the quarter with our Monarch robotic
platform surpassing 100 customers and 8,000 procedures.

General Surgery grew 67.8% globally, with wound closure growing 50.1% globally, driven by recovery
in the markets continued strength of our market-leading suture portfolio, including our Plus Sutures and
STRATAFIX barb suture family and the change in channel inventory levels in the U.S., contributing about 6
points to global growth. Global general surgery sales were positively impacted by 23 points due to a prior
year unfavorable pricing adjustment in the U.S. we communicated last year.

Worldwide vision grew 66% this quarter, primarily driven by market recovery. U.S. contact lens growth of
73.6% reflects the strength of our market-leading ACUVUE portfolio, commercial initiatives, such as our
Prioritize Your Eyes campaign launched to raise awareness around the importance of routine screenings,
new products, including early success from ACUVUE multifocal and an inventory build contributing about
5 points. Growth outside the U.S. of 43.1% reflects market recovery and strength of ACUVUE 1-day and
recent Asia Pacific ACUVUE DEFINE FRESH beauty launch.

Global surgical vision delivered growth of 115.8%, driven by market recovery and positive momentum
related to new products like TECNIS Eyhance, TECNIS Synergy, which both launched this year in the U.S.
market; and VERITAS, our next-generation phacoemulsification device.

Now regarding our consolidated statement of earnings for the second quarter of 2021, please direct your
attention to the box section of the schedule. You will see we have provided our earnings adjusted to
exclude intangible amortization expense and special items. As reported this morning, our adjusted EPS of
$2.48 reflects a reported increase of 48.5% and an operational increase of 44.9%.

I'd like to now highlight a few noteworthy items that have changed on the statement of earnings
compared to the same quarter last year. Cost of products sold improved by 340 basis points, primarily
driven by the recovery in Medical Device from prior year COVID-19-related inventory impacts and fixed
cost deleveraging.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Selling, marketing and administrative margins improved 110 basis points due to the recovery of Medical
Device sales from the prior year's negative COVID-19 impact.

We continue to invest in research and development at competitive levels, investing 14.6% of sales this
quarter. The $3.4 billion investment was a 25% increase versus the prior year due to portfolio progression.

The other income and expense line showed net income of $488 million in the second quarter of 2021
compared to net expense of $24 million in the second quarter of 2020, primarily due to reduced litigation-
related items, partially offset by lower unrealized gains on securities.

Regarding taxes in the quarter, on a GAAP basis, our effective tax rate declined from 8% in the second
quarter of 2020 to 5.8% in the second quarter of 2021, primarily driven by a onetime tax benefit the
company recognized in the second quarter 2021, resulting from an internal reorganization of certain
international subsidiaries.

In the second quarter of 2021, the company recorded additional tax benefits related to the transitional
provisions of Swiss tax reform, which benefited the 2020 tax rate. Excluding special items, the effective
tax was 14.8% versus 16.7% in the same period last year. I encourage you to review our 10-Q for
additional details on specific tax matters.

Let's now look at adjusted income before tax by segment. In the second quarter of 2021, our adjusted
income before tax for the enterprise as a percentage of sales increased from 29.1% to 33.4%. The
following are the main drivers of change to the adjusted income before tax by segment.

Medical Devices margin improved from 1.2% to 28.6%, driven primarily by overall expense leveraging
resulting from the COVID-19-related sales recovery.

Consumer Health margins improved by 380 basis points, primarily driven by supply chain efficiencies and
including the benefit from our SKU rationalization program, partially offset by increased investments in
brand marketing expenses.

Pharmaceutical margins decreased by 450 basis points, primarily driven by increased research and
development investment, inclusive of the COVID-19 vaccine net costs and general portfolio progression.

Moving to important developments. Here's a slide summarizing notable developments occurring in the
second quarter. I'll highlight a few starting with our Pharmaceutical business. We continue to make
positive progress advancing our strong pipeline of innovative medicines and therapies. As we've shared
previously, we are rigorous in focusing on differentiated, transformational medical innovation.

In the quarter, we announced our decision not to continue a collaboration and license agreement for
cusatuzumab, an investigational therapeutic antibody that targets CD70. The decision is based upon
Janssen's review of all available data and in consideration of the evolving standard of care for the
treatment of AML.

We received EU approval for PONVORY in relapsing multiple sclerosis, and also a U.S. approval of
RYBREVANT for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer
with epidermal factor receptor exon 20 insertion mutations.

In addition, we completed our EU filing for Cilta-cel, a BCMA CAR-T for the treatment of multiple myeloma.
We anticipate U.S. approval for our BCMA CAR-T later this year, which will represent a third NME approval
this year.

Within our Medical Device portfolio, we continue to make meaningful advancements in our innovation
pipeline, launching 17 major first-country launches in the first half of 2021, including 8 products this
quarter.

As noted earlier, we received FDA approval and launched TECNIS SYNERGY and TECNIS SYNERGY TORIC
II intraocular lenses in the U.S. These are next-generation presbyopia-correcting lenses and deliver the
widest range of continuous vision and the best near vision among leading PC IOLs.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Finally, within the Surgery business, the ENSEAL X1 Curved Jaw Tissue Sealer launched in the U.S.,
expanding the ETHICON advanced bipolar energy portfolio.

That concludes the sales, P&L and pipeline highlights for Johnson & Johnson's second quarter.

I'm now pleased to turn the call over to Joe Wolk.

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Chris. Good morning, and thanks to all of you for joining us today to discuss our strong first
half of 2021, specifically the high growth we experienced in the second quarter and our updated outlook
for the balance of the year. I hope everyone is having a safe, healthy and enjoyable summer.

As Chris referenced, Johnson & Johnson's businesses remain leaders or are better positioned within the
markets in which they compete. While the pandemic makes it difficult to reliably gauge what results will
be in any given quarter, you likely noticed that all 3 segments beat your expectations. We continue to be
poised for further growth and value creation, not just in 2021, but more importantly for 2022 and beyond.

Over the past 18 months, our people have been a driving force behind our success and guided by our
credo, they have demonstrated resilience and agility while remaining committed to ensuring our life-saving
medicines and products reach patients and consumers around the world. Thanks to the efforts of our
136,000 colleagues across the world, Johnson & Johnson continues to make significant strides towards our
mission of improving human health and well-being of everyone, everywhere.

Foundational to any healthy business is a focus and commitment to broader stakeholder stewardship. We
are proud to share the progress we are making in a transparent and accountable manner. A few weeks
ago, we held our annual ESG investor update following the publication of our 2020 Health for Humanity
Report and our 2025 goals. Through these goals, we aim to deliver even greater long-term value to our
broad set of stakeholders. I hope you had the opportunity to view this webcast. If you have not, the replay
is still available on the Johnson & Johnson website.

Let's get into the results with an update on our cash position. We continue to generate strong free cash
flow with approximately $8 billion year-to-date. We ended the second quarter with approximately $25
billion of cash and marketable securities and approximately $33 billion of debt, resulting in $8 billion of
net debt. Our financial position and balance sheet remains strong. As we enter the back half of the year,
we are well positioned to continue to deploy capital in a strategic value-creating way that will benefit
stakeholders over the long term.

Our dividend remains a key priority. And during the quarter, we distributed $2.8 billion to shareholders.

Regarding M&A, we continually evaluate strategic opportunities that have the potential to further enhance
our business while also driving better health outcomes for patients and consumers.

Since Chris covered highlights from our second quarter performance and our worldwide chairs will provide
sector-specific commentary to open the Q&A session, I will now move directly to providing the update to
our full year 2021 guidance, which reflects our strong year-to-date performance.

For clarity, I will first comment on our core business and then remark on our anticipated COVID-19 vaccine
revenue, which is now included in our enterprise guidance.

For full year 2021, we continue to expect our base business, defined as excluding our COVID-19 vaccine,
to remain strong. Based on this confidence, we are increasing and tightening our adjusted operational
sales range to 9.5% to 10.5%. This adjusted operational sales growth is on a constant currency basis,
consistent with how we manage our business performance.

We are maintaining our estimate for the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures of approximately 50
basis points, which accounts for previously completed divestitures in Medical Devices, Consumer Health as
well as within other oncology in pharmaceuticals, resulting in an operational sales range of 9.0% to 10.0%
or $90 billion to $90.8 billion for a midpoint of 9.5% or $90.4 billion.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

While we don't predict currency movements, utilizing the euro spot rate relative to the U.S. dollar as of
last week at 1.18 and in consideration of other currency movements, there is no change from our previous
estimates resulting in favorable currency impact of $1.3 billion or a year-over-year increase of 150 basis
points. This results in estimated reported sales in the range of $91.3 billion to $92.1 billion, an increase of
10.5% to 11.5% or 11% at the midpoint versus 2020.

Now a few words on the expected contribution of our COVID-19 vaccine to our updated full year 2021
guidance. Our goal has always been to bring forth our scientific capabilities and resources to develop a
safe and efficacious vaccine that would complement other measures to end the global pandemic. We are
proud to have been part of the unprecedented collaboration in the health care industry that has led to a
number of authorized vaccines in the marketplace.

Chris shared earlier that we reported vaccine revenue in the quarter. Specifically, our COVID-19 vaccine
contributed $164 million in revenue in the second quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to $264 million.
At this point, revenue from the first half of the year was provisionally recorded at $5 per dose, given that
volumes during the pandemic period were uncertain.

Currently, we expect the ultimate final not-for-profit price could be as much as $8 per dose. The final not-
for-profit price will fluctuate until the end of the year when we know precisely all the variables that go into
the calculation, namely the net costs incurred as well as volumes produced during the pandemic period.

Given the firm contracts we have in place, pending advanced purchase agreements, we expect to
recognize vaccine sales of approximately $2.5 billion in 2021, with more than half of that revenue likely to
occur in the fourth quarter.

Regarding vaccine manufacturing, we continue to expand our global network to include 10 manufacturing
sites for various stages of production. On July 2, the European Medicines Agency's Committee for
Medicinal Products for Human Use, a prudent expansion of our facility in the Netherlands, increasing
our capacity to produce active drug substance. The FDA also released 5 batches of drug substance
manufactured at the Emergent BioSolutions Bayview facility under the emergency use authorization, and
we continue to work with health authorities on the approval of additional drug substance manufactured at
Emergent.

Now I do appreciate that many of you are understandably looking beyond 2021 to 2022. It is simply too
early to provide specific information on a 2022 outlook for our COVID-19 vaccine given the uncertainty
on the need for boosters and new variants. But as recent published clinical data indicates, our vaccine
appears to have durability for at least 8 months and is effective against the recent Delta variant and other
highly prevalent viral variants.

At this time, I'd caution you to wait to include future year vaccine projections in your models for our
business. The COVID-19 vaccine market will continue to evolve, and we look forward to sharing additional
details as more data become available, including the role our vaccine will play for you to forecast future
years.

Given this and what I already provided on our base business, our new updated guidance expectations are
reflected on this slide, reflecting an enterprise total revenue of $94.2 billion at the midpoint.

Moving to other items of the P&L. We are now expecting our operating margins to be nearly a 200 basis
point improvement over last year, slightly less than our prior guidance as we continue to invest for the
long term.

We are increasing our other income estimate to a range of $800 million to $900 million. This increase is
primarily attributable to increased investment returns related to our employee benefit programs. As a
reminder, pension service costs are recorded in operating expenses while any investment performance
related to our employee benefit programs are recorded in other income and expense.

Moving to interest expense, based on our year-to-date experience, we are lowering our estimate to a
range of $100 million to $200 million.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Finally, we are lowering our effective tax rate estimate to a range of 16.0% to 17.0% based on certain
onetime benefits realized in the first half of the year.

The result of these updates translate to increasing our earnings guidance. We are also tightening the
guidance range. The new adjusted operational per share guidance range is 18.4% to 19.6% or $9.50 to
$9.60, with a midpoint of 19% or $9.55 per share.

While not predicting currency movements but to provide some direction on the impact of currency
fluctuations on our reported adjusted EPS, we expect a slight change from what we communicated on
the Q1 earnings call. Currency will now impact EPS by 1.2% or $0.10 per share. Accounting for that, we
would be comfortable with your models reflecting reported adjusted EPS ranging from $9.60 to $9.70 or a
midpoint of $9.65 increasing 20.2%.

Consistent with what we shared before, given the not-for-profit nature of the vaccine, there is no
significant EPS contribution in 2021 and therefore, the EPS guidance I provided is inclusive of the vaccine
revenue.

I am now pleased and want to thank our worldwide chairs, Jennifer Taubert, Thibaut Mongon and Ashley
McEvoy, for their participation in the Q&A portion of our call today. I know this audience values having
these leaders on earnings calls from time to time.

So before we jump into the Q&A portion of the call, I'd like to ask Jennifer, Thibaut and Ashley each to
provide a brief business segment update and quality outlook for the remainder of 2021.

Jennifer, let's start with the Pharmaceutical segment.

Jennifer L. Taubert
Executive VP & Worldwide Chairman of Pharmaceuticals

Well, thank you, Joe, and hello, everyone. It's a pleasure to be here with you today.

I'd like to start by thanking my Janssen colleagues around the world for their relentless focus on delivering
for patients. As a result, I'm proud to share that our Pharmaceutical sector had another strong quarter of
above-market growth.

As you heard from Chris, our Pharmaceuticals business delivered $12.6 billion in worldwide sales in the
second quarter, with adjusted operational growth of approximately 14%. Our base business, excluding
the COVID-19 vaccine, demonstrated robust growth at 12.6%. This is our third consecutive quarter
with sales exceeding $12 billion, and our growth was broadly based across geographic regions and our
therapeutic areas. We continue to maximize the value of our industry-leading portfolio, delivering double-
digit growth for 9 key brands, including our oncology medicines, DARZALEX, IMBRUVICA and ERLEADA;
our immunology medicines, TREMFYA and STELARA; our pulmonary hypertension medicines, OPSUMIT and
UPTRAVI; and INVEGA, SUSTENNA and TRINZA in our neuroscience portfolio.

Our leading commercial and market access capabilities enabled increased market penetration and share
gains across our key promoted brands. And as we shared in our transparency report this year, our growth
continues to come from volume gains and not price. This is a strong indication that our life-changing
medicines are reaching more patients each day worldwide.

It's important to note we continue to be a top investor in research and development. This investment fuels
our pipeline and builds the foundation for our long-term growth. During the second quarter, we continued
to deliver on our pipeline of transformational medicines. I'll highlight just a few of the key milestones and
achievements.

First, in May, the FDA approved amivantamab, now known as RYBREVANT. This is the first bispecific
antibody approved for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer, characterized by EGFR exon 20
insertion mutations. This is our first approved treatment for lung cancer, which we hope will be an
important area for us going forward. This is our second NME approval of this year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

PONVORY, or ponesimod, was our first 2021 NME approval and this was by the FDA in March, for the
treatment of adults with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis. In the second quarter, it was also approved
by the European Commission and Health Canada.

We also advanced our BCMA CAR-T cell therapy program, Cilta-cel, for patients with multiple myeloma. In
the second quarter, the U.S. FDA granted our BCMA CAR-T priority review. Our marketing authorization
was filed with the European Medicines Agency, and submission was made to the Brazilian Health
Regulatory Agency. We anticipate FDA approval of Cilta-cel as our third NME approval later this year.

In addition, our subcutaneous form of DARZALEX continues to benefit an increasing number of patients.
In the second quarter, the European Commission approved DARZALEX for 2 additional patient populations
as combination therapy for the treatment of adults with newly diagnosed systemic light chain amyloidosis,
which is the first and only approved therapy for this rare and life-threatening blood disorder. And as
combination therapy for adults with pretreated multiple myeloma. Additionally, subsequent to the quarter,
the FDA approved DARZALEX FASPRO in combination with pomalidomide and dexamethasone for the
treatment of patients with multiple myeloma after first or subsequent relapse, our sixth indication specific
to our subcutaneous form of DARZALEX.

I'm proud of our pharmaceutical results in the second quarter and feel confident in our ability to make
2021 our tenth consecutive year of above-market growth. Our outlook for the rest of the year remains
strong.

Before I close, I'd like to invite you to join us for our Pharmaceuticals business review on November 18.
We look forward to sharing a comprehensive overview of our business, our robust pipeline and our long-
term growth outlook. We'll cover our key therapeutic areas, including oncology and immunology, which are
always areas of high interest. And we'll delve deeper into some of our newer areas, including our retina
and gene therapy pipeline and the details behind the breadth of our autoantibody program that came
through our acquisition of Momenta last year. I hope you'll be able to join us. So again, it's a pleasure to
have this opportunity to connect with you today.

Thibaut, I'll now turn it over to you.

Thibaut Mongon
Executive VP & Worldwide Chairman of Consumer Health

All right. Thank you, Jennifer, and good morning to all of you on the call.

I would like to start by congratulating my Consumer Health colleagues for their continued focus on
flawlessly executing against our strategy. Last year, this focus on execution across our broad-based
portfolio delivered solid results, growing 3% operationally. And this year, we continue to demonstrate a
strong level of performance.

The strategy we set a couple of years ago for the Consumer Health segment to be focused on personal
health with science-based, professionally-endorsed brands and advancing our digital capabilities continues
to strengthen our ability to meet the needs of our consumers and customers worldwide, resulting in strong
quarterly results and solid year-to-date performance.

Our Consumer Health sector grew 9.2% operationally in the quarter and 2.7% on a year-to-date basis.
Our adjusted operational growth for acquisitions and divestitures was 10% in the quarter and 3.3%
on a year-to-date basis. And as Chris stated in his remarks, these year-to-date results are a better
representation of our performance given the fluctuations we see in the market due to COVID-19 dynamics
and seasonality overall.

We saw strong year-to-date performance for brands in our 2 strongholds, such as ZYRTEC, PEPCID and
NICORETTE in OTC or AVEENO, NEUTROGENA or OGX in skin health. In our specialty areas, brands like
LISTERINE, AVEENO Baby and BAND-AID also contributed nicely to our year-to-date results. And from a
geographic perspective, we are encouraged to see that we grew across all regions in the quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Now if we look into the future, even if we will continue to see variability in categories depending on
seasonality and local market conditions, we are confident that our strategy is working. We have the right
portfolio to continue to deliver solid results, well balanced both in terms of categories we compete in and
in terms of geographic presence.

And lastly, we have been able to achieve our solid sales results while simultaneously improving our margin
profile. Our efforts on end-to-end profitability improvement, including portfolio optimization and network
improvements, have delivered to plan.

Our year-to-date adjusted IBT is approximately 27%, another 250 basis point improvement over last year.
We have made great strides in increasing our profitability to become a leader within our peer set, and
we will continue to look for opportunities to improve our margin profile while at the same time investing
to grow the top line, launching new products, and Chris referenced some of them in his remarks, and
managing through anticipated higher commodity and distribution costs in the back half of 2021.

So in a nutshell, Consumer Health delivered a strong quarter and a solid first half. Our strategy is working,
and we are confident in our ability to continue to deliver profitable growth in line with the categories and
markets in which we compete.

And now let me hand over to Ashley McEvoy. Ashley?

Ashley A. McEvoy
Executive VP & Worldwide Chairman of Medical Devices

Thank you. Thank you, Thibaut, and good morning. Thanks for joining.

Let me just begin with across J&J, how privileged we feel to work in health care because we recognize
that what we do matters, especially now. We're united by our purpose to profoundly change the trajectory
of health for humanity and we are propelled by our med tech aspiration to reimagine the future of
health today in 3 ways: one is innovating across the continuum of patient care; two is prioritizing and
modernizing health; and three is promoting health equity and wellness. We continue to see strong
evidence that our focus and actions to impact human health and improve our competitiveness is working.

This quarter, med tech delivered sales of $7 billion, representing adjusted operational growth of 59%
versus 2020, and as Chris mentioned, up 7% versus 2019, bringing our first half of 2021 revenue
performance to just over 5% compared to 2019. Our sales reflect market recovery and our positive
competitive momentum, 8 of our 11 billion-dollar med tech platforms grew versus the second quarter
2019 and quarter 1 '21 share trends show that we have maintained or gained share in 10 of these
platforms.

We have an exciting pipeline and we've achieved some truly amazing results in the first half of this year,
which position us well to continue our growth momentum. We've launched 17 major products in the first
half of 2021. This is the highest number of first half of the year launches in 5 years for our business.
These include products which will strengthen our core, like TECNIS Synergy, our most advanced premier
intraocular lens in surgical vision. And the ENSEAL X1 Curved Tissue Sealer and next-generation advanced
energy solution and our surgery franchise.

We continue to focus on significant global health concerns, including myopia management where
we plan to have a portfolio of solutions for patients. And we are progressing all things digital with
solutions covering the entire paradigm of care, including open and laparoscopic procedures, orthopedics,
endoluminal, interventional in vision.

Our Monarch platform achieved a significant milestone, reaching over 100 customers and enabling over
8,000 bronchoscopies, which is life-changing and potentially life-saving in the detection and treatment
of lung cancer. VELYS, our robotic-assisted solution for total knee procedures, launched in the United
States and received regulatory approval in Australia this month. We are extremely pleased with the early
customer engagement and feedback confirming the differentiation of this next-generation solution. And
Ottava, our soft tissue digital surgery offering, continues to progress its key development milestones.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

We also recognize that the digitization of health care is happening and rapidly accelerating technology
like this, making it possible to deliver new ways of care. An example of this is from our innovative team
in China who developed a virtual solution powered by artificial intelligence and machine learning to more
effectively train and expand the number of highly skilled electrophysiologists and provide broader access
to high-quality care. Learning curves went from novice to experts from a year to 4 months. In the first
4 months of launch, 150 newly trained physicians delivered care to 7,500 patients. It's no surprise our
electrophysiology business in China is so strong.

And we continue to leverage science to influence industry trends and positively impact patient outcomes
and human health. Just this month, the U.K. modified their NICE guidelines to recommend the use of Plus
Sutures as a standard of care, giving the evidence supporting their role in reducing surgical site infections
and unnecessary cost to the health care system.

Okay. Regarding the pandemic, we are seeing light at the end of the COVID-19 tunnel, but this remains,
as we all know, a very fluid situation. The pace of continued recovery will depend on multiple factors,
including the speed at which global populations are vaccinated, health care capacity and the ability to
manage through surges as well as the rate at which patients seek treatment.

In closing, and I'd like to emphasize that our strong quarter 2 results and continuing momentum can
be attributed to a purpose-driven, globally diverse team, which embody a winning spirit every day. The
resilient agility and creativity have taken us to the next level in our business, built stronger relationships
with our customers and patients and defined a clear vision of our future. Thank you, and I look forward to
your questions.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Thank you, Jennifer. Thanks, Thibaut, and thanks, Ashley. Let's now move to the Q&A portion of the
webcast.
Rob, can you please provide instructions for those on the line wishing to ask a question?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Louise Chen with Cantor Fitzgerald.

Louise Alesandra Chen
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division

Congratulations on the strong quarter. My question is about the global surge in COVID. There has been a
surge despite high rates of vaccinations in many places in the world. So just curious how you think this
could impact your business in the second half '21 if it continues to get worse.

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, thanks for the question, Louise. I think it's probably best maybe that you hear from both Ashley and
Jennifer on this specific perspective. So, Ashley.

Ashley A. McEvoy
Executive VP & Worldwide Chairman of Medical Devices

Yes. Louise, I would say -- listen, we're encouraged by, quite frankly, several things, the ability that
hospitals can manage through capacity and surges and labor as well as, obviously, the vaccination efforts
around the world. And just the patient, there's a significant backlog of care. If I look at the U.K., my
goodness, there's like 5 million patients waiting for medical interventions, 400,000 of those folks waiting
for surgery for the past 12 months. But as we know, it's not going to be linear. We do know hospital
systems in the United States are starting to delay care right now. So I think quarter-to-quarter, it will
improve, but it will never be a linear line.

Jennifer L. Taubert
Executive VP & Worldwide Chairman of Pharmaceuticals

Yes. I can add in. On the Pharma side, most of our core categories are pretty much back to the pre-COVID
level. The exception on that actually being CLL. But we're really seeing strength coming back, for example,
in the United States and in Europe. And we do anticipate some modest ups and downs, but I think our
team really did an extraordinary job last year partnering with health care systems and physicians and
patients to make sure that they could get and stay on the therapies that they need.

So our outlook for the rest of the year really remains strong for our sector, regardless of what happens
with emerging variants and any blips as it relates to COVID.

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I'd also add, Louise, that I think we've got to really tip our cap to the health care administrators,
health professionals across the globe. We're in a much better position to handle pandemic than we were
in March of last year. And so certainly, that would have, I would say, a favorable impact on whatever
unfavorable events may occur. So we really need to recognize just the great resiliency and agility that
those individuals have shown as well.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thibaut, you want to share a little bit about Consumer and the momentum you see there and maybe a
couple of the category dynamics as well?

Thibaut Mongon
Executive VP & Worldwide Chairman of Consumer Health

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

No. We see strong momentum across our broad-based portfolio, as I told you earlier this morning. Our
categories will continue to be impacted by market level conditions, seasonality. Having said that, we
have proven over the past 18 months that our broad-based portfolio in terms of both categories and
geographies allowed us to weather whatever external conditions happen, and we expect continued
momentum in the back half of the year.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Terrific. Thanks, Louise. Appreciate the question.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just -- Ashley, just a finer point on the quarter-over-quarter improvement in devices you mentioned. Do
you expect continued acceleration relative to 2019 in Q3 and Q4? And Joe, could you just help us think
about the operational ex COVID vaccine sales and EPS cadence in the second half, given the easier comp
in Q3 and the extra week in Q4 2020?

Ashley A. McEvoy
Executive VP & Worldwide Chairman of Medical Devices

Sure. Thanks for the question, Larry. I think what you heard is, in quarter 2, we were up about 7%
relative to 2019. And that was pretty broad-based. When I say all 3 out of 4 of our franchises posted
growth versus 2019, orthopedics was down about a point. We were up in the United States about a point.
Down about 3 points in orthopedics in OUS in quarter 2 really due to some of the slower-moving countries
like Japan and India and -- of kind of opening up and COVID.

When I think about quarter 3 and quarter 4, I do expect continued momentum. You'll recall last year,
we were down about 3% in quarter 3 versus 2019, and then we were down about 1.5% in quarter 4,
2020 versus '19. So I do expect continued progress. I expect orthopedics to go positive. I expect vision
to accelerate given a lot of the new product launches. As we've discussed, we think the category is going
to be high double digit, and we expect to be more in the high single digits at the end of this year versus
2019.

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And Larry, with respect to your question on guidance overall. I think I almost have to mirror a little
bit what Ashley had said. The comparables were going to be most pronounced for the second quarter.
There'll be a little bit of benefit as we look into the third and fourth quarter. As you know, we don't provide
guidance by quarter. But I'm really looking at the underlying strength of each of our businesses, improved
share in the markets in which we lead and for those which we don't lead.

In addition to the -- what you heard from all 3 of our segment leaders, just an improved cadence of
innovation, new approvals, new offerings that offer better health care solutions. So that's how we're
thinking about it.

From an EPS perspective, we are challenging our teams to continue to invest. We think when we have
10% top line growth and EPS growth that will approach 20%, we think that's very healthy to take it up
today on top of what we delivered in January, which surprised the upside as well. We want to make sure
that we don't only deliver strong results in the current quarter or the next 2 quarters, but really in the
middle and back half of this decade as well. We think we're very well positioned to do that.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Great. Thanks, Larry. Appreciate the question.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Chris Schott with JPMorgan.

Christopher Thomas Schott
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. I guess my question is just on the core revenue growth guidance. I think you've raised it twice this
year. And I'm just looking for a little bit more color of what's driving the upside versus your expectations.
So is this more Device versus Pharma or Consumer? Is it share gain versus overall market growth, other
geographies that are standing out? I'm just trying to get a sense of like really, what have been the real
upside versus your initial expectations?

Now if I can just slip a second quick one in. I think you mentioned the Pharma margins were impacted by
increased investments in 2Q. I guess should we be thinking about that as a onetime event with the COVID
vaccine expenses, et cetera? Or are we entering kind of a sustained period of R&D ramp here where we
could see with some of those margins under pressure?

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So Chris, let me take a stab at that, and maybe, Jennifer, you can chime in with anything that I might
have missed.

But with respect to the revenue guidance, Chris, I would say, coming into the year, just like every
other company and probably every other industry, we remained a little bit cautious with respect to how
the recovery would unfold, would there be new variants. And so we took what was a very responsible
and prudent approach to our expectations in the beginning of the year. That being said, I don't want
to undermine just the operational performance that each of the teams are executing upon as we go
throughout this year.

What we did learn -- and it really is a credit to the leaders that you've heard from today and their teams,
just how important it is reaching out to customers during the last 18 months, not only to find out what the
status of COVID-19 was and how it was impacting their businesses, but also how Johnson & Johnson could
help them in the recovery. And I think that is having some, I'll call it, a goodwill factor with respect to how
we're approaching our business today.

With respect to operating margins in R&D, I would say that the COVID investment for the vaccine
specifically is a small part of it. What we're seeing and really what we all take great pride in is there's
not one big outlying expense item or investment item in the quarter or even year-to-date with respect to
milestones. It's really just the maturity of the portfolio, again, across all 3 segments that really positions
us well.

So last year, you might recall, we increased our R&D investment by $800 million above 2019 levels.
Even with all the questions and uncertainty and even though maybe competitors pulled back a little
bit, we know the only right answer was to invest for the long term. We're actually at a pace this year
through 6 months, about $1.3 billion above last year's level on a 6-month comparator. So we feel very
well positioned. And again, with how I answered Larry earlier on the EPS accretion, we kind of think we're
hitting the mark across all aspects.

I don't know, Jennifer, if there's anything else you want to add?

Jennifer L. Taubert
Executive VP & Worldwide Chairman of Pharmaceuticals

Yes. So what I'd add in, we really focus on being a transformational medical innovator, and we know that
we do disproportionately invest in R&D versus the other areas of our business. If you take a look at the
strength of our pipeline as well as the continued progression, we are seeing more assets transitioning into

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

those later stages of development that require additional cost. And as Joe had indicated earlier, the beauty
right now of the strength that we have for the business is it's allowing us to invest for those future waves
of innovation. So we feel real good about the level of investment for R&D in the Pharma group.

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And just another way, as a takeaway, we're only investing in Pharmaceuticals, we're investing in
digital surgery capabilities that Ashley mentioned, we're investing in the consumer space, connecting with
the consumer in more digital-enabled ways. So it's really across the board.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Yes, Chris. And I would just add, I guess, on the Medical Device side, Ashley alluded to the amount of
innovation we've seen in the quarter. So I think some of the strength you're seeing on the top line is
clearly the result of the focus on bringing strong innovation to market. We're well poised over a 2-year
period to deliver nearly 40, what we would call major new product launches, which is significant increase
from where we've been. I think you're seeing that coupled with the recovery in the MD results and then
clearly in Pharm, double-digit growth year-to-date, strong above-market performance. So I think those
investments are paying off and focus on innovation will be a core focus of ours.

Thanks for the question, Chris.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Bob Hopkins with Bank of America.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Securities, Research Division

Just a quick one for me. For med tech, thank you for giving that 7% number versus 2019. I was just
curious, is that a reported number? Or is that a number that adjusts for currency?

And then one other thing I'd love a quick comment on is on the COVID-type questions. Just curious,
especially on the Device side, Ashley, is there kind of a major geography right now where increasing levels
of hospitalization have you particularly concerned? Or are we not quite at that stage yet?

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

I guess, first, real quick, Bob, the 7% is an adjusted ops growth number, just for consistency, so you
understand underlying organic.

Ashley A. McEvoy
Executive VP & Worldwide Chairman of Medical Devices

Yes. And Bob, just -- again, thanks for the question. Again, we've had the benefit to learn from like how
this virus manifests around the world, starting with China, and Asia is a region that is above 2019 in terms
of procedure volume, clearly, really driven by China.

We've seen that Japan is in lockdown. We know that Australia went back to lockdowns recently. We know
India is digging out. So some of those other countries are going to be slower to recover. EMEA, we've been
-- which has been at a slower pace than the United States, we actually see a lot of acceleration happening
right now in EMEA with the vast distribution and uptake of vaccinations and quite frankly, the backlog of
patients that really need to be cared for.

As I mentioned, I shared a little bit of the waiting list data in the U.K. And the U.S. in quarter 2 has
had significant recovery versus the first quarter. I look at data like in January, we were down -- medical
procedures were down about 6% in January versus 2019. And in May, that was positive to up about
3%. But as I mentioned, it's going to be not a vertical line given the recent surges that are happening

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

in hospital systems in the U.S. like Florida, like Michigan and the Midwest. So again, I think our systems
are unbelievably equipped to manage through this, have huge respect and admiration for a lot of our
customers who are managing COVID as well as non-COVID patients.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Bob. Appreciate the question.

Operator

The next question is from the line of Josh Jennings with Cowen.

Joshua Thomas Jennings
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Joe, I was hoping to just -- as we're thinking about 2022 and you are encouraging the Street to exclude
COVID vaccine revenues from our forecast. I was hoping to just to help better understand the COVID-19
vaccine margin impact in 2021 is it seems to be margin dilutive, but how we should be thinking about the
core businesses margin and for a baseline for our 2022 forecast?

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Josh, I would say at this point, it's really minimal in terms of both the segment as well as certainly
Johnson & Johnson's margin profile. Thus far through 6 months, it's been dilutive, again, to a minimal
amount. We expect that dilution to kind of reverse itself in the second half of this year. But again, being
a not for profit, there's no material impact on EPS despite the $2.5 billion revenue estimate that we've
provided earlier today.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Josh. Appreciate the question.

Operator

Next question is from the line of Terence Flynn with Goldman Sachs.

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I guess the first one is just on the duration of protection with the vaccines. I mean, Joe, you touched on
this a little bit, but maybe just, what's your perspective on how often a booster might be required here?
And then can you remind us the timing of your 2-dose Phase III trial?

And then Jennifer, would love any more details you could provide on the DARZALEX subcu conversion and
the IMBRUVICA competitor dynamics that you mentioned?

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So Terence, thanks for the questions. I would say in terms of the booster, whether it's needed or not,
I think we should really defer to health officials around the world as to what that call will be. We do like
the durability of at least 8 months for our vaccine. We think that's better than some of the other vaccines
that are out there, not to disparage them in any manner whatsoever. But health officials still have not
made any type of decisions on when or if a booster will be needed. So we'll just defer to them when more
data is collected.

Jennifer L. Taubert
Executive VP & Worldwide Chairman of Pharmaceuticals

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Perfect. So then as it relates to DARZALEX, starting off with DARZALEX. You saw the very strong results
that we had in the quarter, also the significance of the additional indications that continue to come through
and our sixth indication specifically for the DARZALEX FASPRO application. As we take a look so far across
the business already 60% of our DARZALEX business is in the subcutaneous form. And that's whether we
look at the United States or whether we look outside the U.S. And so very, very rapid adoption as well as
expanded into additional patient populations for DARZALEX. So we're very, very confident in the uptake,
and this is really providing significant benefits from patients, going from multiple hour infusions down to a
3- to 5-minute injection. So a lot of good things to come on DARZALEX.

As it relates to IMBRUVICA, we're seeing very strong growth for IMBRUVICA outside the United States.
Right now, a 22% growth in the quarter. As we take a look at IMBRUVICA overall, we had double-
digit growth, but obviously less than that than in the U.S. In the U.S., we're still a bit impacted. The
patient volumes and new patient starts are still down a little bit in CLL due to COVID. For these patient
populations, there can be more of a watchful waiting period or sometimes treatment with older therapies.
And so we did see a slower growth rate, particularly in the U.S. in the quarter. But we do anticipate that to
rebound as we move forward and more people get vaccinated.

As it relates to the competitive dynamics, IMBRUVICA remains the #1 prescribed treatment in CLL and
relapsed/refractory MCL and also Waldenstrom. So it's the #1 BTKi wherever they're prescribed. It's
also the only agent that's got demonstrated overall survival in first-line CLL and a safety profile that's
supported by over 5 years of follow-up and clinical experience. So we believe we've got a great profile
that stands up competitively with IMBRUVICA, and we'll continue to be able to deliver great growth for us
going forward.

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

And Terence, with respect to your question on the 2-dose study for the vaccine, we would expect that data
to be either late Q3, early Q4 at this point.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Terence. Appreciate the question.

Operator

Next question is from the line of Matt Miksic with Credit Suisse.

Matthew Stephan Miksic
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Just one just quick follow-up. I know that there were some questions early on, on sort of the tone of
the market and COVID and trends for the back half of the year. But just to clarify specifically for Ashley,
the third quarter, for those businesses that are in the past, the Med Device businesses that have been
sort of seasonally off, down slightly, flattish from Q2 to Q3. Is that the pattern -- when you talk about
improving momentum, I mean, is that the pattern we should see sort of a normal seasonal pattern? Or is
the momentum you're describing something that would actually take this -- some of those businesses up
sequentially? And I have one follow-up, if I could.

Ashley A. McEvoy
Executive VP & Worldwide Chairman of Medical Devices

Yes, Matt. I think -- thank you for the question. I would tell you that what we've experienced is maybe
some bookends, like our electrical physiology business, our AFib treating cardiac ablation has kind of
recovered very expeditiously. And that team right now is just really working on refilling the patient funnel.

At the other bookend, I would say would be cataract surgeries, which are procedure volumes are still
below in 2019. So we would expect that one to significantly accelerate on a balance to go.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

So it really depends by procedure. They really are meeting the bell curve, if you will. And again, as I kind
of come back to what's going to affect the pace, it's really the pace of vaccinations, pace of hospitals being
able to match the capacity and keep a highly engaged, healthy workforce and managed through some
of the surges that we're seeing right now in the U.S. and other pockets of the world. And then just really
patient sentiment. There's been a lot of investment that J&J has been doing to reassure patients to go
seek medical care. And I think we've seen a lot of the facts and data and publications on the impact on
non-COVID patients who haven't seeked care. So we expect that to continue. We don't expect, again, a
perfect linear line. I keep saying that because we learn every week. We take 4 steps forward or maybe a
step back. Thank you.

Matthew Stephan Miksic
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Super. And then one on vision, if I could. You mentioned the approval of synergy in the U.S. I know it's
been out -- this is the presbyopia correcting IOL has been out for a while in Europe. Just wondering if you
can tell us what that has done for the European business, what the response has been and how you're
thinking about that mapping over to the U.S.?

Ashley A. McEvoy
Executive VP & Worldwide Chairman of Medical Devices

Sure. We've seen really strong performance of the TECNIS Synergy in EMEA. We are growing market
share in EMEA in vision surgery. And that market had a lot of available premium intraocular lenses.
We're pleased to bring that technology to the United States. We just launched in quarter 2. There's been
very good pickup. It's also complemented, as Chris was mentioning, with kind of our first innovation in
the phacoemulsifier, the VERITAS. So the combination of those 2 with really our first advancement in
monofocals in the TECNIS Eyhance, which just launched earlier in quarter 1, the combination of those
3 innovations, I expect should improve our current run rate of revenue performance in the U.S. surgical
vision. And as you heard in quarter 2, we did grow revenue versus 2019 in OUS. And so I expect that, that
should have the U.S. start to pick up more in the back half of the year.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Ashley. Appreciate it. Matt, thanks for the question.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with Citi.

Joanne Karen Wuensch
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Two of them. One, could you sort of give us a bit of update and color on the Orthotaxy adoption? You did
provide some statistics on Monarch, but anything else that you can sort of add in that bucket? And then
my second question is, I might be reading the tea leaves a little bit here, but you sounded maybe just a
little bit stronger on the idea or concept of M&A. Am I interpreting that correctly?

Ashley A. McEvoy
Executive VP & Worldwide Chairman of Medical Devices

Thanks, Joanne, and I'll start, and then I'll turn to my colleagues to talk a bit about M&A and some of the
other businesses as well.

I would say we're very encouraged, we've had about 750 on hand demonstrations with our VELYS knee
digital surgery offering. We've done about 100 cases to date. What we keep hearing from customers who
have been giving us really positive feedback on a couple of things. The value of the system's smaller
footprint, the images' interoperative capabilities and really the ease of integration for surgeons and
OR teams to workflows, reducing the heavy physical and financial burdens of the currently available
marketplace offering.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

So it's new. We've got approval also in Australia. So we're going to start to do cases in Australia. And I
would say very, very encouraging. We have several different commercial models that we're assessing, and
we're seeing hospitals take really multiple archetypes. So stay tuned on that.

And then I think you had a second question, Joanne, on M&A. And I would just say, from a med tech point
of view, you've seen we've invested over $10 billion of capital in M&A really behind getting into eye health,
getting more significant into digital surgery. And then really starting to invest in, I'll call it, standard of
care changing technologies like NeuWave and ablation. For liver ablation with the first indication, right
now, we are under clinical trial to partner that technology with our endoluminal Monarch technology for
lung cancer, the treatment of tumors or bleeding tumor cells. We're also in first-in-human in oncolytic
viruses in drug delivery using Monarch as well as starting to get a stronger foothold in the fast-growing
area of stroke. Our stroke business was up over 30% in quarter 2 relative to 2019. So again, a procedure
that was less affected in the COVID environment that we continue to build down to.

But I'll turn to my colleagues to talk a little bit about M&A.

Jennifer L. Taubert
Executive VP & Worldwide Chairman of Pharmaceuticals

Yes. One of the things that helps us be really successful here is that we're truly agnostic to the source
of innovation. So the win is having something that's really transformational and being able to get it to
patients. It's not where it originated from. And so as a result, about 50% of our products come internally,
50% externally.

So for example, late last year, we brought in bermekimab, we made the acquisition of Momenta. We
brought in TARIS as a drug delivery device for bladder, a gene therapy for geographic atrophy in age-
related macular degeneration from Humira.

And so we really do work very, very assertively to find the best technology in our key areas of focus. And
many times, that's coming from our internal labs, many times it's also coming externally. So our strategy
and interest there remains the same and making sure that we've got the best innovation for patients going
forward. I feel like we're doing a really good job on that front.

Thibaut Mongon
Executive VP & Worldwide Chairman of Consumer Health

And in Consumer Health, I would say that we have a very strong portfolio of iconic brands that we
continue to develop very quickly. Obviously, we continuously scan the market for opportunities to find
either new go-to-market models or close gaps in our portfolio. But if you look at the acquisitions we have
made over the past couple of years, we are really pleased with their performance, all of them, whether it's
in self-care or skin health, are performing well, and that's very encouraging for the future.

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

And Joanne, I'll just say you're going to force me to review the transcripts in maybe more detail than I
usually do. I didn't think our language changed much. We always remain pretty aggressive when it comes
to rigorous portfolio management, making sure that we're making the most of the scientific expertise, the
commercial capabilities that we have. And we just got to find deals that really fit the financial construct
in a disciplined way. So whether it's in med tech, Pharmaceuticals or Consumer, we look across the
board really monthly, if not more often at opportunities that may fit nicely within the Johnson & Johnson
business.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Joanne. Appreciate the question.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

That question will be coming from the line of Jayson Bedford with Raymond James.

Jayson Tyler Bedford
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Thanks for squeezing me in. Two unrelated questions that require, I think, quick answers. I'll ask both
upfront. I guess, first, on the potential knock-on impact of the vaccine. I appreciate the not-for-profit
nature of the product. But do you expect to see a halo effect, meaning, do you think the vaccine will help
pull through or benefit other areas of the portfolio? And then my second question, maybe for Thibaut, at
28%, how much further can consumer margins go? And then any further commentary on the inflationary
pressures that you alluded to in the commentary.

Jennifer L. Taubert
Executive VP & Worldwide Chairman of Pharmaceuticals

So I'll jump in on the vaccine question first. So really, we're really proud of what we've been able to do
in bringing forward a COVID vaccine. And we see this as really the start of what will become a vibrant
vaccine business for Johnson & Johnson. So you were talking about the halo effect or a knock-on effect.
We believe the good that we're doing in the world and that we will continue to be doing on the COVID
vaccine is a great start. And in our pipeline right now, we've got a number of vaccines in development
that we hope to have positive results coming from, including an RSV vaccine, an HIV vaccine, one for
prevention of sepsis and others that we're looking at. So we hope this to be a start of what will become a
very vibrant vaccine business for us over time.

Thibaut Mongon
Executive VP & Worldwide Chairman of Consumer Health

Yes. And to your question on Consumer, as I said, we have seen the first half and we continue to back half
of the year pressure in parts of our portfolio in terms of commodity inflation and distribution costs. We
are prepared to absorb those. And in terms of margin improvement, we are committed to continuously
improve our margin profile. But as I said, it's going to be a mix of continued search for efficiencies, but
also investments in our business, whether it's brand building activities or new innovation program.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Thanks, Jayson. Appreciate the question. And thanks to everyone for your questions and your
continued interest. Apologies to those we couldn't get to because of time, but don't hesitate to reach out
to the Investor Relations team as needed.

I'll now turn the call back to Joe for some brief closing remarks.

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

Great. Thank you, Chris and thank you, really, everyone for joining today's call to discuss our second
quarter results and updated outlook. We are incredibly proud of the relentless focus each of our J&J
colleagues apply to really meet patient and consumer needs around the globe resulting in a strong
financial performance this quarter across the enterprise while simultaneously investing for a very strong
future.

I'm very confident in our outlook for the rest of 2021. Our business is performing even beyond the
mathematical year-on-year comps. And hopefully, that's your takeaway today.

So thank you for your time, and bye for now.

Operator
This concludes today's Johnson & Johnson Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

