Johnson Controls International plc 

NYSE:JCI
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, April 30, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.49

0.52

Revenue  (mm)

5582.98

5594.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-29-2021 2:17 PM GMT

6.12

0.20

0.81

2.58

3.04

6112.24

23293.19

24635.76

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.48

0.73

0.41

0.49

0.67

0.76

0.43

0.52

SURPRISE

39.58 %

4.11 %

4.88 %

6.12 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Antonella Franzen
VP and Chief Investor Relations &
Communications Officer

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Olivier C. Leonetti
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Gautam J. Khanna
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Johnson Controls Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Your [Operator Instructions]. This
conference is being recorded. And if you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.

I will now turn the call over to Antonella Franzen, Vice President, Chief Investor Relations and
Communications Officer.

Antonella Franzen
VP and Chief Investor Relations & Communications Officer

Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls' Second Quarter
Fiscal 2021 Results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the
conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at
johnsoncontrols.com.

Joining me on the call today are Johnson Controls' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver;
and our Chief Financial Officer, Olivier Leonetti.

Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of today's call, we will be providing
certain forward-looking information. We ask that you review today's press release and read through the
forward-looking cautionary informational statements that we've included there. In addition, we will use
certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions, and we ask that you read through the sections of our press
release that address the use of these items.

In discussing our results during the call, references to adjusted earnings per share, EBITA and EBIT
exclude restructuring and integration costs as well as other special items. These metrics, together with
organic sales and free cash flow, are non-GAAP measures and are reconciled in the schedules attached to
our press release and in the accompanying index to the presentation posted on our website. Additionally,
all comparisons to the prior year are on a continuing ops basis.

Now let me turn the call over to George.

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Antonella, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call. I will start with a
brief strategic update, highlighting a few specific areas related to our growth initiatives. Olivier will provide
a detailed review of Q2 results and update you on our forward outlook. And we will leave as much time as
possible to take your questions.

Let's get started on Slide 3. We delivered another quarter of solid financial performance. Organic sales
and order growth inflected positive, as anticipated, which, when combined with our ongoing commitment
to operational excellence, enabled us to grow EBIT by more than 20% year-over-year. Despite some
challenges in the macro environment, inflationary pressures, supply chain disruptions and the lingering
impacts of COVID-19, trends across most of our end markets continue to improve, and we continue to
gain share.

We have maintained an incredible level of engagement with our teams globally as well as with our
customers and partners. And we continue to execute on all of our strategic initiatives, expanding our
service attachment rate and driving higher recurring revenue, enhancing and connecting our installed base
with our digital OpenBlue platform and advancing our role in addressing the environmental needs of our
customers.

Lastly, as promised, we are announcing our Cost of Goods Reduction Program on today's call, which
targets $250 million in run rate savings by fiscal 2023. In combination with the SG&A actions we

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

announced earlier this quarter, we expect to deliver $550 million in net savings, which provides significant
margin expansion over the next several years. These actions are a testament to our commitment of
continuous improvement that will enable us to close our margin gap versus peers.

Let's turn to Slide 4. As was the case last quarter, we have had a number of strategic announcements. A
few of the more notable examples are listed on this slide. Each of these is significant in its own right, but
I do want to take a minute to touch on 2 in particular, and that's the announced acquisition of Silent-Aire
and the partnership with Pelion.

We are extremely excited to welcome the Silent-Aire team into the Johnson Controls family. Their best-
in-class portfolio of innovative cooling equipment and modular data center technologies is tailored to
hyperscalers. These specialized data center providers are building and operating the critical infrastructure
that the world needs in the rapid global transition to consuming cloud-based Software as a Service
through the well-established entrepreneurial spirit throughout Silent-Aire, combined with a customer-
centric culture, deep subject matter expertise and a long history of seamless execution.

Expanding our exposure to the data center vertical and, specifically, a high-growth hyperscale market,
has been a high priority over the last several years. Silent-Aire accelerates these efforts considerably, and
together, we have an opportunity to leverage a best-of-both approach to fuel growth in this end market
globally, with a high-return profile and immediate earnings accretion.

We also announced a transformational partnership with the leading technology player in connected IoT
device management, Pelion, a division of Arm technologies. Put simply, this partnership allows us to
bring connected intelligence to all of the operational technology, be it heat pumps, security sensors or air
handling systems in buildings.

This partnership will help remove the complexities associated with pushing that intelligence to the edge by
leveraging Pelion's connected device platform with secure, simple integrations across a diverse installed
base of hardware. Pelion's open, flexible device management capabilities will allow OpenBlue to run on
any device in any hardware configuration at cloud scale and address the challenges with monitoring and
maintaining performance at the edge.

Moving to Slide 5. Turning to the theme of sustainability, we wanted to spend a few minutes highlighting
one of the more important secular trends that we expect will benefit our industry for the next decade-
plus, and that is decarbonization. With buildings representing approximately 40% of global greenhouse
gas emissions, large-scale investment in decarbonization is at an inflection point.

We have seen corporate commitments to meeting science-based targets from over 1,000 companies and
countless commitments to net-zero operations from the private sector. Federal policies and stimulus to
incentivize investment in the renovation of existing infrastructure is growing, and regulations designed to
reduce emissions are increasing.

We see the investment required for commercial buildings to achieve net zero extending into the hundreds
of billions of dollars. We believe we are uniquely positioned to capitalize on this once-in-a-generation
opportunity with a combination of efficient building systems and smart technologies that are connected via
our digital infrastructure, OpenBlue, as well as our global presence, enabling us to convert on a local scale.

Turning quickly to Slide 6. We are enabling net-zero buildings today with a value proposition that is
centered around transferring the risk of delivering building decarbonization from the building owner to
JCI, leveraging flexible, customizable turnkey solutions and our improving capability of delivering energy
savings and emission reductions.

One such solution is OpenBlue Enterprise Manager, a comprehensive suite of applications to monitor
and improve energy efficiency, tenant satisfaction, asset performance, maintenance operations, space
performance and, ultimately, the comfort of all occupants. Using a single pane of glass approach,
Enterprise Manager delivers the next generation of smart building capabilities or portfolios ranging from
commercial offices, health care, mixed-use high-end, transportation, retail and K-12 school systems.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

Turning to Slide 7. Another increasing area of focus when it comes to addressing decarbonization is the
electrification of heat. This is a market that is growing at a high single-digit CAGR overall, with a lot of
that growth being driven by demand in Europe and Asia as a result of the increased level of environmental
regulations in these regions that minimize the use of fossil fuels and mandate low-GWP refrigerants.

Many of you have asked recently about our offerings in this space. And from my perspective, I would tell
you, we have one of the broadest portfolios of heat pump technologies in the industry. As you can see, our
portfolio spans all major building segments: residential, commercial and industrial, covering a wide range
of capacities and equipment configurations.

We are the leader in a complex segment, which serves applications like district heating and industrial
process manufacturing, with the most complete offering stretching between our applied and industrial
refrigeration portfolios and utilizing natural and HFO refrigerants. District heating is an exciting
subsegment of growth in this category, particularly across Europe and China.

In fact, we have had several major district heating project wins in these 2 regions recently, supplying
customers with customizable solutions to help achieve their environmental goals and lower energy costs
substantially. We also have a strong market position across commercial and residential markets in China,
with leading technologies in Applied and Ductless.

Turning to Slide 8 and staying on the theme of sustainability, our customers are challenged with balancing
costs and achieving their sustainability goals. Our solutions are positioned to address those challenges
and be more agile in providing outcome-based solutions and services centered around integrated data and
reduce energy and cost, while providing an attractive return on investment.

As you can see on Slide 9, the enhanced capabilities enabled by OpenBlue, combined with our
performance infrastructure business, are proving to be a powerful combination in the current
environment. Our energy savings performance contracts offer customers a budget-neutral way to fund the
improvements necessary to reduce energy intensity and the environmental footprint of a building through
guaranteed operational savings.

This is a business we have been in for 2 decades, having implemented well over 3,000 performance
contracts in North America alone, with a portfolio of over $6 billion in guaranteed savings. Utilizing
OpenBlue as a Service will help our customers make and implement the decisions that improve a
building's total cost of occupancy, energy and carbon profile as well as the well-being of their occupants
without customers having to manage the process.

We ensure our consistent availability to buildings and a predictable cost of operations. As a result, building
owners are able to focus on their mission and their business. We are proud to be partnering with our
customers on several new projects. We have listed 5 recent wins that showcase our ability to power
sustainability for our customers.

Before I turn things over to Olivier to review the financial performance for the quarter, let me wrap up my
opening remarks by saying, we had a very strong first half of the year, and I am extremely encouraged by
the momentum we are seeing across Johnson Controls. Our teams remain focused on execution and are
committed to achieving top-tier performance.

We have a number of initiatives in-flight designed to accelerate top line growth and improve profitability
and ensure we expand our competitive advantages. We continue to reinvest in our portfolio, both
organically and inorganically, and we believe we are extremely well positioned to outperform as we look to
the second half of fiscal '21 and beyond.

With that, let me turn it over to Olivier to go through the details of the quarter.

Olivier C. Leonetti
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, George, and good morning, everyone. Continuing on Slide 10. Organic sales inflected positive,
as anticipated, in Q2, up 1% overall, with strong growth in Global Products and underlying trends

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

improving across our field businesses. The strength in Global Products was driven by continued high levels
of demand in residential end markets, not only in our HVAC equipment business, but also in security
products.

The field businesses continue to improve on a sequential basis, with service revenues having inflected
positive, and install down low single digits. We have been encouraged by the more recent development of
our order pipeline, with clear signs of notable improvements in long-cycle project activity.

Segment EBITDA increased 15% versus the prior year, and segment EBITDA margin expanded 130
basis points to 12.7%. Despite the modest recovery in overall volume growth, we have maintained our
disciplined approach to managing the cost structure, resulting in additional year-over-year cost savings.

We also benefited from strong execution across the board as well as positive price costs, helping to
expand our gross margins by 80 basis points. EPS of $0.52 increased 24%, benefiting from higher
profitability as well as lower share count. We had another strong quarter of free cash flow performance,
up significantly versus the prior year to over $500 million in Q2. I will review further details of our
performance later in the call.

Please turn to Slide 11. Orders for our field businesses increased 4% year-over-year, inflecting positive
and stronger than originally planned, led by a strong rebound in retrofit project activity, which we include
in install. Backlog grew 4% to $9.6 billion, with service backlog up 5% to $2.4 billion and install backlog
up 4% to $7.2 billion.

Conversion rates in our service backlog continue to accelerate, which gives us more confidence in our
mid-single-digit service growth outlook for the year. Our install backlog flow rate is improving, particularly
given the rebound in shorter-term retrofit activity.

Turning to our EPS bridge on Slide 12. Operations were a $0.10 tailwind versus the prior year, driven by
higher volume, positive price cost and the incremental benefits from previous cost actions, which offset
regional and business mix headwinds. Net financing charges added an additional $0.02, mainly the result
of favorable FX gains. And noncontrolling interest was a $0.05 headwind as a result of stronger year-over-
year performance in our Hitachi joint venture. Lower share count and net favorability from other items
were a combined $0.03 tailwind.

Let us turn to Slide 13 to discuss our segment results in more details. My commentary will also refer to
the segment end market performance included on Slide 14.

North America revenues declined 4% organically, driven by a 7% decline in install. As demand for shorter-
term retrofit and upgrade projects continues to improve and comps become easier in the second half of
the year, we expect the install side of our business to grow as we move forward.

Service revenues were flat in the quarter, with our recurring contractual service business up low single
digits, offset by continued pressure in transactional service linked to customers' lower discretionary spend.
Both domain Applied HVAC revenues declined mid-single digits, while Fire & Security declined mid- to high
single digits in the quarter. We had a very strong quarter in performance infrastructure, which was up mid-
teens.

Segment margin increased 110 basis points year-over-year to 12.7%, primarily reflecting strong gross
margin performance, up 150 basis points, and continued cost mitigation efforts. Orders in North America
rebounded sharply on a sequential basis and grew 5% versus the prior year. Applied HVAC orders were up
low double digits overall, driven by strong retrofit activity, backlog of $6 billion increased 3% year-over-
year.

EMEALA revenues were essentially flat organically with the prior year, with install up 1% and service down
1%. Market conditions remain mixed, with varying degree of lingering COVID restrictions and lockdown
across many parts of Europe and Latin America.

We saw low single-digit growth in our Applied HVAC & Control business, which was more than offset by
low single-digit decline in Fire & Security, which improved on a sequential basis. Industrial Refrigeration

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

grew mid-single digits. By geography, revenue in Europe grew low single digits, while the Middle East
improved sequentially due to an acceleration in HVAC demand. Latin America was down high single digits.

EBITDA margin declined 40 basis points, including a 40 basis point headwind from FX. Excluding FX,
EBITDA margin was flat as favorable price/mix and continued cost mitigation efforts were more than offset
by lower volumes and lower equity income. Orders in EMEALA accelerated to up 5% in the quarter, led by
mid-single-digit growth in Fire & Security and over 20% growth in Industrial Refrigeration.

APAC revenues increased 9% organically, with install up 15% and services up 3%, both led by a recovery
in Applied HVAC & Control, which grew a little over 20%. Strength in HVAC was driven by the rapid
recovery we are seeing in China, where revenue growth accelerated more than expected, up more than
60% year-over-year. Conditions outside of China remain mixed, with sporadic lockdown restrictions across
part of South East Asia and a spike in COVID cases in India.

EBITDA margins declined 10 basis points year-over-year to 12.3%, including a 20 basis point headwind
from FX and the divestiture. Core margins improved by 10 basis points as the benefit of volume leverage
was partially offset by unfavorable country mix. APAC orders declined 1% despite a 40% increase in
China orders as the economic recovery in many of our other key geographies remain subdued due to the
ongoing impacts of COVID and delayed rollouts of vaccines.

Moving to Global Products. Revenue grew 6% on an organic basis in the quarter. Our global Residential
HVAC business was up about 20% in the quarter, with strong growth in all regions. In North America, resi
HVAC grew 35% in the quarter, slightly ahead of our expectations as the market seems to remain in a V-
shaped recovery, and we continue to gain share as a result of expanding our points of distribution and new
product launches. Orders in the quarter were nearly up 90%, and we exited the quarter with a record level
of backlog.

In Asia Pacific, our JCH Residential HVAC business was up in the mid-teens percent range, with growth
across all of our major regions: Japan, Taiwan and India. Although not reflected in our revenue growth,
our Hisense JV in China grew revenues 90% year-over-year in Q2, which explains the majority of the
growth in our equity income this quarter.

On the Commercial HVAC side, the sales decline significantly moderated to low single digits as high single-
digit growth in our indirect applied business was more than offset by a decline in light commercial. Fire &
Security products grew low single digits overall, led by continued strength in our security business, with
flattish performance in commercial fire detection and suppression markets. EBITDA margins expanded 280
basis points year-over-year to 14.2% as volume leverage, positive price cost, higher equity income and
the benefit of mitigating cost actions was partially offset by negative product mix.

Turning to Page 15. Corporate expense was down 15% year-over-year to $70 million, benefiting from cost
mitigation actions and continuous structural cost reductions. We do expect corporate expense to step up
in the second half as some temporary cost reductions begin to reinstate. Given the favorable performance
year-to-date, we now expect corporate expense to be in the range of $285 million to $295 million for the
year. For modeling purposes, we have included an updated outlook for some of our below-the-line items.

Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 16. Starting with the balance sheet at the top of the
page, similar to last quarter, no significant changes versus the prior period. During the second quarter, we
repurchased approximately 6 million shares for roughly $315 million, which brings us to around 14 million
shares year-to-date for just under $700 million. We remain committed to completing $1 billion in share
repurchases in fiscal '21.

As a reminder, you may recall that in mid-March, we announced an increase to our annual cash dividend of
4% to $1.08 per share, remaining within our target payout ratio of 40% to 45%. This is the first dividend
raise since the divestiture of Power Solutions back in 2019, and we believe we are positioned to resume
a pattern of solid dividend growth going forward. We also announced an increase to our existing share
repurchase authorization, which gives us the capacity for a little less than $6 billion in buyback. Our
balance sheet remains healthy, with leverage of roughly 1.8x, still below our targeted range of 2 to 2.5x.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

On cash, we generated $539 million in free cash flow in the quarter, bringing us to nearly $1 billion for
the first half. This is a significant improvement compared to our normal seasonality and has been driven
by solid trade capital management, lower CapEx and timing of payments. As we enter our back half,
we would expect lower conversion levels than what we have seen in the first half and compared to our
historical seasonality, given the expected acceleration in our top line and CapEx spend.

Before we turn to our guidance update, as George referenced at the start of the call, we're launching
Phase 2 of our 3 years cost program, presenting the detail of our cost of goods saving plan on Slide 17.
Similar to our SG&A savings plan announced intra-quarter, we completed a bottoms-up analysis of the
entire $15 billion based on cost of goods sold and have thoroughly evaluated plans to optimize our spend
in selected areas.

We have included a breakdown of the addressable spend category on Slide 18. Based on our review, we
have built a firm road map to $250 million in net run rate savings to be realized over the course of fiscal
'22 and '23. Nearly 3/4 of these savings are tied to plans that improve labor productivity, standardized
project execution practices and streamlined by office activities across our branch-based businesses.
The remaining 25% primarily address costs in our manufacturing facility and supply chains, including
leveraging best practices of our Level 3 GCOS facilities and deploying them across our manufacturing
base.

We have combined our SG&A and COGS saving programs into a single consolidated view on Slide 19. As
you can see from the chart, we are targeting $550 million in combined net savings over the course of
the next 2.5 years, which, in addition to normal base margin improvement related to revenue growth,
improved mix and annual productivity, provides significant margin run rate potential. Delivering on this
plan will ensure we close the margin gap versus peers and, in turn, create significant shareholder value.

Please turn to Slide 20. When we are initiating fiscal Q3 guidance for adjusted EPS of $0.80 to $0.82,
which is predicated on mid-teens organic revenue growth, and more modest segment EBITDA margin
performance compared to what we have experienced in the first half, given the significant temporary cost
actions taken last year during the third quarter. For the full year, we're raising our guidance once again,
and now our target adjusted EPS in the range of $2.58 to $2.65. This compares to our most recent EPS
guidance of $2.50 to $2.60, and our initial guide in January of $2.45 to $2.55.

You may recall that we provided updated EPS guidance intra-quarter in conjunction with our SG&A
cost reduction plan in late February. Based on our strong performance in the first half, and continued
underlying momentum we are seeing in most of our end markets, we are raising our organic sales growth
outlook to the high end of our previous range. Segment EBITDA margins are tracking towards the high
end of our most recent range, and we now expect 70 to 90 basis points of expansion for the full year. Free
cash flow conversion is well on track for 100% for the full year.
Before we get into our questions, I would like to point to our Slide 21 and ask you to save the date for our
2021 Investor Day, which will be held on September 8. More details to follow in the coming months. With
that, operator, we can open the line for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Nigel Coe, Wolfe Research.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

It's been a strange quarter for the year because of the pandemic. So yes, first of all, I just want to touch
on the COGS and SG&A actions. I'd be curious what prompted the sort of the second round of efficiency
programs. What prompts the review? And is it a case of having lived through COVID and remote working
that you found more efficient ways of doing things? Is it the case of Olivier coming in and having a fresh
look? I mean what prompted that -- these actions?

Olivier C. Leonetti
Executive VP & CFO

So Nigel, thank you for your question. After the merger, following the merger, we created the conditions
to go to another level of profitability improvement. And when I started, George asked us to now look
at levers to close the productivity gap to our competition. So that was the driving force. And that was
communicated, Nigel, about 7 months ago.

So we have been -- and we said we will go and update you as plans are unfolding. So first was SG&A,
and today is our COGS plan. And as you can see from the numbers, Nigel, we believe we are going to add
significant profit to the bottom line, and we are well on track to close the gap to our competitors.

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

And Nigel, it's really a continuation of the work that we do with the integration. We've got strong
fundamentals now across the board. We've got the right leadership team. And then the work that we've
been doing, we recognize that there's a significant opportunity to continue to improve. And what we've
done as a team is be able to -- to be able to detail that. And then we're very confident that we're going to
be positioned to be able to deliver on those benefits.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Great. And then service orders, down 3%. I recognize the backlog is up, but maybe just talk about what
caused that decline, just given the initiatives you have in train to drive growth in services. And yes, I
heard transactional was under a bit of pressure in North America. But yes, what is your confidence that
orders start to impact positive from here?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Nigel, as you know, we have an incredible base of service over $6 billion. And what I would say here, with
the service strategies that we've been executing, I'm incredibly proud of the progress we've made. It's
one of our biggest growth vectors. It's being able to increase market coverage, enhance technology with
OpenBlue, create new service capabilities, really now being able to leverage the underserved installed
base, and then ultimately deliver very attractive margin profile.

When you look at the quarter, service orders were down slightly and is mainly just timing of conversion.
We had an extremely strong March, which is continuing in April. Our service pipeline is up double digit.
And then with the site access improving, that's also helping us to accelerate our L&M and our L&M
contracts, which is labor and material.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

So our attach rate, when you look at our attach rate for service with our install projects, is up significantly,
up 300 basis points year-to-date. And so when you look at our backlog, up 5%, and the strong pipeline
and then the work that we've done executing on our strategy, we're very well positioned for a strong
double-digit second half in both orders and revenue.

Operator

Our next question is from Gautam Khanna with Cowen.

Gautam J. Khanna
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Yes. George, I wanted to ask, in your opening remarks, I think you talked about supply chain constraints,
and I wondered if you could expand on that. And just -- did it actually prevent you guys from delivering
equipment in the quarter? Maybe if you have any sort of quantification of how that may affect the first
quarter results. And then I have a follow-up.

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes, Gautam, I mean, our team is doing incredible work across our supply chain as we're working to be
able to support what we see to be an accelerating pipeline of opportunities across our businesses. We're
gaining share in every platform. And so as we're working to make sure that we've got secured components
and materials to be able to support that new demand, certainly, we're working it hard.

I believe that our team has done a good job to mitigate most of the impact. I think where we're seeing
significant demand in residential unitary as well as commercial unitary product, we're continuing to work
that, and not only expand our supply chain, but also our manufacturing footprint. And so we're working
through that.

Our backlogs are up in those businesses, are record highs. And so we are working to continue to
accelerate our supply chain to be able to address and support the increasing demand. But overall, I'm very
proud of the team and the work we've done to be able to support our customers and ultimately deliver on
the product that's being demanded.

Gautam J. Khanna
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

And just as a follow-up, George. Any quantification of specific IAQ orders that you guys have had in the
quarter? And perhaps any color on the frontlog of opportunities that are IAQ-specific?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes. When you look at the progress we're making with OpenBlue across the board, not only digitizing
our core business, but now being able to, with the data that's being extracted and the solutions that now
we're bringing to the market, truly now positioning us to capitalize on these significant accelerating trends.
So when you look at healthy buildings, our OpenBlue Healthy Buildings launched in mid-January with a
solution portfolio of over 25 unique products and services, which is targeted at healthy people, places,
planet.

The market opportunity continues to grow. We originally sized it at $10 billion to $15 billion, and that
continues to increase. Our pipeline is nearing $1 billion. Year-to-date, we've secured over $150 million. We
expect this to continue to play through with a few hundred million in 2021.

We partnered with schools. We've got an incredible base of business with K-12 schools. We're working
closely where we have presence with over 6,000 districts. We're working with sports venues and the like
to bring back people to sports events.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

And so when you look at what we're doing, it's really a robust approach that ultimately starts with a
detailed assessment. And then through monitoring, remote maintenance and optimization that we can do,
ultimately driving the best solution. And so we're extremely excited.

And then lastly, with OpenBlue, in general, across the board, it's really translating to multiple elements.
It's improving our service attach rates. It's improving profitability in our businesses, with the book margins
that we're booking.

It's making us more competitive now in the overall smart buildings, with our leadership in sustainability
and decarbonization, which I talked a little bit about in my prepared remarks. And then the overall
acceleration of digitization within our existing service base through connectivity, going back and getting
our installed base connected, has given us an incredible platform now to become much more intimate with
our customers and bring our new capabilities to really change the game in how we serve them.

Operator

Our next question is from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Two questions for me. First one, it looks like you're telling us you're going to absorb these cash
restructuring costs and still convert at 100% free cash flow conversion? I just want to confirm that's the
case.

And if so, what's really allowing you to do that? I guess it has to be working capital. And if it is, maybe you
could elaborate a little bit more on the working capital opportunity that's bridging you across that?

Olivier C. Leonetti
Executive VP & CFO

So you're right. The 100% free cash flow will include both the restructuring cash impact of our SG&A and
COGS pronounced -- COGS programs announced today. You're right, more profit would be part of how we
get there and also enhanced working capital.

If you look at today, for the second quarter, we have improved cash conversion cycle by about 24 days, 8
in DSO, about 11 days in DIO, inventory, and about 5 days in DPO. And we have built, over the quarters,
even before I took the position, a great machine to have a high focus on working capital. And you see that
keep delivering.

And we are actually very confident in our ability to deliver a 100% free cash flow this year, but also the
following years, right? If you do some math, Jeff, just in the first half, we are converting at 140%. So we
have quite a fair headroom to now achieve 100% for the year.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Great. And then maybe, secondarily, just on the COGS program, the mix of savings are interesting. I
guess, if I was going to feel to guess where the cost would come out, I would have surmised maybe more
in manufacturing and distribution and less so in field labor. I wonder if you could just kind of address the
manufacturing and distribution piece?

It looks like you've got a $3.2 billion cost base there, if I'm interpreting the chart right, and you're
targeting $70 million of savings there. I guess these plans might not be fully mature after kind of a 7-
month exercise, but would there be kind of more room in some of these numbers as you look forward?

Olivier C. Leonetti
Executive VP & CFO

So the -- so a few things. We said that -- I'm going to repeat that those savings are net, meaning they
will flow to the bottom line. If you look at the mix, our team has done a great job in manufacturing -- in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

managing direct materials over the few quarters. And we think now the biggest opportunity, that's why we
have announced the numbers we have announced, are in the standardization of our field operation, across
all the elements of field operation: install, services and procurement.

Now the other question was, is that more possible? That's, of course, the case. We want to be prudent.
And we keep informing you, as we go through the quarters, that we have a high level of confidence in our
ability to execute this COGS program.

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

And Jeff, I think it's important to note that, as we went through the integration, we developed a robust
operating system for the field, which enables us to be able to take all of what we do to put into that 1
operating system. And then with that, globally, be able to focus on the variation at each one of the cost
levels and be able to drive improvement. So the work that we've done is we actually have that detail to
that level across the board and how we're driving improvement within that operating system for our field-
based businesses.

Operator

Thank you. Our next question is from Scott Davis with Melius Research.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Kind of -- I'm kind of -- I'm curious kind of, logistically and otherwise, what an outcome-based contract
really looks like? I mean are you deferring getting cash in the door? How long does it take to kind of prove
the outcome that you're promising?

Just can you walk us through, at a high level, without giving away your trade secrets here or the contract
secrets? But can you walk us through, at least, at a high level, what a contract like that looks like? I'll just
leave it at that, George.

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So Scott, it's similar to our performance contracting that we have today, where we ultimately do a
survey of a customer site. We identify opportunities to be able to reduce energy, improve operations and
the like. And when we do that, there's significant improvement to be made.

I mean buildings, historically, have been very inefficient. They've been very energy-intensive. And so our
opportunity here is to be able to create an outcome, energy savings, higher operations, and then do that.
We -- in some cases, we bring in financing for the project, and ultimately then get a recurring revenue
that goes over -- it can be over 10, 15, 20-plus years, depending on the type of projects.

These are great returns, great recurring revenue that's tied to that initial install project, and ultimately
delivering on the outcome. And our track record in being able to deliver on the commitments that we
make with these type of contracts is extremely high.

So it's -- we do manage a bit of risk, but it's relatively low. And we ultimately make sure that, with the
technologies and capabilities that we provide, that we deliver on the outcome that we commit. Olivier?

Olivier C. Leonetti
Executive VP & CFO

One statistic, Scott, and we haven't disclosed this before. If you look at the energy saving performance
market in the U.S., which is a $4 billion market, the company has a market share, which is 50% higher
than our #2 competitor. So we have a strong position in the energy-saving outcome-based market. And
we believe that we're going to leverage this capability going forward as buildings decarbonize across the
planet.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

And Scott, I think it's important to understand that, today, that buildings are about 40% of the carbon
footprint globally and about 75% of that is operational. And so when commitments are being made to
get to net-zero carbon emissions, buildings become very important in how they ultimately drive towards
getting to that outcome.

And so we have an incredible opportunity with the capabilities that we have now, with the -- not only what
we've done historically with performance contracting, but now with OpenBlue, to bring together holistically
complete systems that, with the use of the data, we can drive a lot of optimization in what we ultimately
deliver for the customers to be able to meet their objectives.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

It certainly makes sense. And is it harder to collect in those contracts? Or is there kind of disagreements
of what the data shows and the sustainability of that? And with the savings, it seems like there'd be some
gray area items in there, but perhaps I'm wrong.

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Scott, it's the opposite. It's very predictable. And I think our track record relative to the projects that
we've executed, that has been very strong. So we make sure that, as we look at these type of projects
with the customers that we're doing these projects for, that we're obviously mitigating any risk and
ultimately focused on executing on the commitments that we make.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Perfect. Thank you for the clarification. Good luck, and congrats, guys.

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Scott.

Operator

Our next question is from Steve Tusa, JPMorgan.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Can you just talk about -- a little bit more about price cost? What was the spread in the quarter and how
you're seeing kind of pricing and costs evolve over the next couple of quarters? And is there any, given
your kind of fiscal year-end timing, any leakage into next year?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes, Steve. Let me start, and I'll turn it over to Olivier for some of the more -- more of the details. But as
you know, over the last 3 years, we've really built strategic pricing capability across the company. And if
you look at the last couple of years, we were able to be able to deliver net 100 basis points on the top line
as a result. That has served us extremely well as we get into the cycle with accelerating inflation.

So with that, we have improved discipline in the field. We're executing projects better at better margin
rates. And then within our product businesses, where you see the impact sooner because of the material
cost, we've been able to have a very dynamic pricing model that has been deployed across each one of
our platforms to ultimately not only see what's happening in the near term, but longer term, being able to
be very dynamic in how we pass that along into the channels.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

And so to date, we've -- in the second quarter, we had about a 30 basis point benefit. And we believe that
the work we're doing, not only in productivity, VAVE, direct material productivity, designing material costs
out of our products and then ultimately driving just improved productivity across the entire supply chain,
that we're still in a position to be net positive here in the second half.

Olivier?

Olivier C. Leonetti
Executive VP & CFO

No, nothing more to add, Steve. And when you look at the Slide 19, when we say 30 basis point base
margin improvement, we are factoring also our best view on next year price cost. But we have a great
process across the organization to maintain that going forward in this very fluid environment.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And any other mechanical items for next year that we should be aware of as you've moved through
this year that flip either positive or negative outside of the kind of obvious restructuring and the activities
you've already kind of talked about?

Olivier C. Leonetti
Executive VP & CFO

Nothing more than what we all read in the news. It's still a fluid environment. We feel very bullish about
how the economies across the world are rebounding. George mentioned that earlier in this call. Our order
flow is increasing significantly.

And something important, if you look at our install business, which is about 35% of the revenue of the
organization, we see this business now growing. And that is done at the back of the retrofit market.
Usually, 50% of install is associated with new buildings. The new buildings today are depressed.

So as this new building is starting to rebound, and it is in the U.S. and across the world, we see our
business really taking momentum And that will translate into, of course, more global products, products
being sold, higher service mix. So we feel very positive about what we see in front of us.

Operator

Our next question is from Julian Mitchell with Barclays.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe a first question around Fire & Security. You've got good sort of recovery trends, very evident on
the HVAC side of the house. Fire & Security sales still down mid-single digit. So maybe help us understand
how you see the slope of that recovery from here? And perhaps how big of an impact is the sort of retail
piece in there as a headwind?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Julian, let me start by just framing up Fire & Security and what we saw in the quarter and what it
means as we go forward. It is about 40% of our total revenues. It's core to building systems. It's got a
very attractive margin profile due to the product and service mix. We've got a large installed base, which
ultimately drives the recurring revenue.

And this, combined now with OpenBlue, we can truly differentiate what we do longer term to get a higher
percentage of that recurring revenue. And security now, in the new world, in the digital world, that now
is becoming a critical asset as we think about our smart buildings, to be able to collect data and apply
analytics.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

And when you look at the sequential trends, our short-cycle business in Fire & Security is up nicely. When
you look at products, up -- total products is going to be up -- it's up about low to mid-single digits. And
then our service actually inflected positive in the field businesses, which, as you know, because of all of
the shutdowns, we had a lot of difficulty over the last few quarters to be able to get in and perform the
service. So I think, as we go forward, those trends on the shorter cycle is coming through very nicely.

And then on the install side, as these new projects that come into market, both in retrofit and in install,
which are longer cycle, we're getting more than our fair share on that. So as they're coming to market,
and these projects start to be deployed, we're very well positioned to be able to start to pick up the install
revenues.

But I would tell you, the shorter-cycle piece is actually performing very well. And so even though the
install revenues were down, it's mainly just a function of timing of conversion, and we see the orders now
picking up very nicely in the second half.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. And then maybe switching to a topic that's relevant across the company. There's a lot of interest,
obviously, in the U.S. education stimulus money that could flow over the next 3 years. Maybe help us
understand what the scale of JCI's exposure is to that education vertical as you're looking across the field
and Global Products business?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes, Julian, let me summarize it quickly here. The 3 large COVID relief packages, they totaled about $5
trillion in aid over the last 12 months, much-needed relief for our customers. We were very active in
participating in making sure, as those builds were put together, that certainly was focused on healthy
buildings and making sure that, as we, whether it's bringing students back to the school room or the like
or buildings, we're very actively involved in making sure that the details of what was going to be needed
to be able to address some of the new challenges were actually incorporated in the bills.

And when you look at the funding directed to upgrading facilities in the vertical markets that we have the
highest exposure and deep relationships, it is K-12, higher ed and then state and local government, which
play to our strengths. And so when you look at -- your question on education, K-12, we have relationships
across North America or the U.S., with about 6,000 school districts, and then at the higher ed level, about
1,900. They all -- this all plays right into our strengths.

And so in K-12 alone, there's been about $195 billion allocated. And so what we've done is making sure
that not only right from the front end of building the build to now executing state-by-state with what we
have as a program management office, we're making sure we're detailing all of the flow of that stimulus
and that we're positioned to be able to address the challenges that they're going to deploy that stimulus to
be able to address.

And so we think the TAM for the U.S., you're in billions of dollars relative to the opportunity that we see as
we're going after this. And the healthy -- and healthy buildings market itself, we said it was originally $10
billion to $15 billion. That continues to be expanded with the stimulus that's coming into the market. So
we believe that we're in the early stages with the pipeline that we see, that it's in the hundreds of millions
of dollars, that we can be well positioned to execute on.

Antonella Franzen
VP and Chief Investor Relations & Communications Officer

And Julian, I would just add that when you look at education, it is a big vertical for JCI overall. And
particularly, when you look at North America, it's about 20% of the revenue.

Operator

Our next question is from Josh Pokrzywinski, Morgan Stanley.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So George, if you wouldn't mind just kind of taking a step back, I know, with the nature of the field
business and kind of the mix of Fire & Security and HVAC in there, it sort of makes benchmarking tough.
But If I look at what we've kind of seen so far through the first quarter, it seems like, maybe from an
orders perspective, Commercial HVAC is running up kind of mid-teens at the market level. I think you
mentioned low double digits in Applied North America, but what's your sense on kind of the product side of
Commercial HVAC? And where we should sort of see order rates here, whether it's this quarter or kind of
here in the medium term?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Josh, I think, as you look at our mix, certainly, we're a longer cycle with the install's service part of our
portfolio. But as you dig into the specific products in every category, we're gaining share. So if you look
into, for instance, in the unitary business in the commercial side, new orders in North America for RTU
equipment for the rooftops is up mid-teens. And with March up over 30%, our backlog is up 100%.

Now those orders are in our product-based business. So you wouldn't see those orders. It's in the --
obviously, inherent in the book and bill. And then when you look at our unitary share, we're up about 40
basis points year-over-year.

And so as we look at the backlog being up 100% and the projected growth here in the third quarter, in
North America unitary, we're projecting we're going to be up 30-plus percent in the quarter and third
quarter. So that would be the commercial side.

On the residential side, our orders were up again about 88%, record level of backlog there. Our sales were
up about 35%, with our -- our units were up over 40%. We're seeing strong sell-through through that
channel. We're going to see continued strength in Q4 -- on Q3 and Q4. And so that's continuing.

When you look at -- and the same holds true in our Hitachi business in Asia Pac. We got strong double-
digit revenue there, mainly driven by Japan, and that's been because of a gain share with our new product
introductions. And then when you look at -- even in North America, when you look at -- even though our
install shows -- showed our orders were up about 5%. And underlying in those orders, in North America,
we saw mid-teens growth in applied equipment orders.

So that is going to play out very nicely for us in the second half and ultimately set us up for increased
service attach and service revenue going forward. So you got to look at the details to understand that, in
every category, whether it be through our distribution or as we now set up our install business, that we're
setting it up for the longer term that's going to be very attractive.

And just building off one thing that Olivier said, when you look at our install business, we have
significantly outperformed through this cycle. With the nonresi construction down as much as it is, we
were able to actually fill most of that void with short-term retrofit upgrade orders, which, in North America
alone, were up 20% in the quarter.

Now we're seeing a fundamental that, with the short-term demand, that's going to continue. It's going to
continue around healthy buildings and sustainability projects. That's going to now combine with what we
see happening in nonresidential new demand coming through. This is the first that I've seen the 2 coming
together, and it's going to play out very well in the second half for strong orders as well as beginning to
convert to strong revenue in the second half.

Olivier C. Leonetti
Executive VP & CFO

And Josh, and one statistic again, which gives -- allows you to put all that together, Global Product, in
aggregate. For next quarter, we believe we're going to be able to grow revenue in the 20%-plus range. So
that gives you an idea about what is going on around all the elements of the portfolio, 20%-plus revenue
year-on-year growth expected.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's super color. Maybe just one follow-up on Scott's question on performance contracting. George, I
think, to your point, this is a business that you guys have been around in for decades now. I'm surprised
that, given how compelling that is for a customer, that the industry isn't bigger or JCI's exposure to that
isn't bigger. I mean it almost seems kind of like a free upgrade, providing you of a bond support to get
that work done. What's been kind of the bottleneck to that historically?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

It's great question. So we're working with all of our customers and, historically, a big customer has
been the government, both at the federal level, at the state level and at the local level with our 3P-type
contracts and performance contracts. And so we've been working with them. And some of it is how they
account for the projects, and ultimately, how they look at it as an upfront cost and how they account
versus an ongoing operational cost.

And so we've been very active working with our customers to make sure that they're addressing some
of their internal challenges that get in the way of doing a contract like this, which is very attractive in
being able to get returns that pay for the cost of capital. And so we're working to really start to create that
market above and beyond what it is today. And we believe that we're very well positioned to be able to
then capitalize on that opportunity, Josh.

Operator

And our final question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Olivier, can you give us a little more color on how to think about the 550 basis points of total cost out and
what it actually means for incrementals over the next few years? It looks like inclusive of the core margin
improvement of 30 basis points that you're dialing in on average, do you think you can get something like
300 basis points of margin improvement over the 3-year period, with an average of 100 basis points and
core incrementals in the 40%-plus range? But I just want to sort of confirm those numbers.

Olivier C. Leonetti
Executive VP & CFO

No. Yes, Andy, your numbers are absolutely correct. If you remove Silent-Aire in the next fiscal, and
the one after that would be in the 40% incremental. After that, we believe we would have created the
conditions to deliver on our 30% incremental. And we will unpack -- or I mean, we gave you a lot of data
already, Andy, and we'll give you even more on earning -- on Investor Day in September.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Very helpful. And then, Olivier, maybe a follow-up in terms of -- we know that JCI is obviously an inverted
company, so we wouldn't expect a big impact from Biden's corporate tax win. But how are you thinking
about the resiliency of your tax rate, if there is some kind of global minimum tax agreement? And what
kind of levers can you pull to maintain your relative low tax rate advantage?

Olivier C. Leonetti
Executive VP & CFO

So the situation is fluid. We -- all of us are reading the papers. All of us have insights on what could
happen. So one, we are, of course, committed to the 13.5% tax rate for this fiscal. And going forward, we
have ran various scenarios.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

We are highly confident that our tax rate will remain competitive relative to the industry, and we have
various levers to achieve that. Some of it is, of course, where we are registered as a company and the
complexity of our legal entity structure. We believe it's going to be and remain a competitive advantage.

Operator

Sir, would you please do some final comments?

George R. Oliver
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Let's wrap up the call this morning. As I mentioned earlier, we've had a very strong first half of
the year. And the momentum we are seeing across our portfolio, coupled with our strategic focus and
improved execution, gives me high confidence in our ability to be able to outperform as we go forward.
I hope you and your families continue to remain safe, and I look forward to speaking with many of you
soon.

So with that, operator, that concludes our call.

Operator
And thank you. This does conclude the call. You may disconnect your lines, and thank you for your
participation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL PLC FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

