Johnson & Johnson NYSE:JNJ
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 20, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.35

2.59

Revenue  (mm)

22033.86

22321.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-20-2021 12:49 PM GMT

10.21

1.30

2.31

9.49

10.34

22397.47

92583.60

96646.90

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.51

1.98

1.83

2.35

1.67

2.20

1.86

2.59

10.60 %

11.11 %

1.64 %

10.21 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Alex Gorsky
Chairman & CEO

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Joaquin Duato
Vice Chairman of Executive
Committee

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

Paulus A. Stoffels
Chief Scientific Officer

ANALYSTS

Christopher Thomas Schott
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Danielle Joy Antalffy
SVB Leerink LLC, Research
Division

Joanne Karen Wuensch
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Joshua Thomas Jennings
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Louise Alesandra Chen
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research
Division

Matthew Stephan Miksic
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Securities, Research Division

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to Johnson & Johnson's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at
this time. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the conference call over to Johnson & Johnson. You may begin.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning. This is Chris DelOrefice, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson.
Welcome to our company's review of business results for the first quarter and our updated financial
outlook for 2021.

Joining me on today's call is Joe Wolk, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. Also joining Joe
and myself during the Q&A portion of the call will be Alex Gorsky, Chairman of the Board of Directors and
Chief Executive Officer; Joaquin Duato, Vice Chairman of the Executive Committee; and Dr. Paul Stoffels,
Vice Chairman of the Executive Committee and Chief Scientific Officer.

A few logistics before we get into the details. This review is being made available via webcast, accessible
through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website at investor.jnj.com, where you
can also find additional materials, including today's presentation and associated schedules.

Please note that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements. We encourage you to review
the cautionary statement included in today's presentation, which identifies certain risks and factors that
may cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected. In particular, there is
uncertainty about the duration and contemplated impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. This means that the
results could change at any time, and the contemplated impact of COVID-19 on the company's business
results and outlook is the best estimate based on the information available as of today's date.

A further description of these risks, uncertainties and other factors can be found in our SEC filings,
including our 2020 Form 10-K, along with reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures utilized for
today's discussion to the most comparable GAAP measures are also available at investor.jnj.com.

Several of the products and compounds discussed today are being developed in collaboration with
strategic partners or licensed from other companies. This slide acknowledges those relationships.

Moving to today's agenda. I will review first quarter sales and P&L results for the corporation and the 3
business segments. Joe will provide insights about our cash position, capital allocation deployment and will
spend some time on 2021 qualitative commentary and will outline our updated guidance for 2021.

The remaining time will be available for your questions. We anticipate the webcast will last up to 75
minutes.

Now let's move to the first quarter results. Worldwide sales were $22.3 billion for the first quarter of 2021,
an increase of 7.9% versus the first quarter of 2020. Operational sales growth, which excludes the effect
of translational currency, increased 5.5% as currency had a positive impact of 2.4 points.

In the U.S., sales increased to 3.9%. In regions outside the U.S., our reported growth was 12.2%.

Operational sales growth outside the U.S. was 7.3%, with currency positively impacting our reported OUS
results by 4.9 points. Excluding the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures, adjusted operational sales
growth was 6% worldwide, 3.9% in the U.S. and 8.2% outside the U.S.

Turning now to earnings. For the quarter, net earnings were $6.2 billion, and diluted earnings per share
was $2.32 versus diluted earnings per share of $2.17 a year ago. Excluding after-tax intangible asset

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

amortization expense and special items for both periods, adjusted net earnings for the quarter were $6.9
billion, and adjusted diluted earnings per share was $2.59, representing increases of 12.5% and 12.6%,
respectively, compared to the first quarter of 2020. On an operational basis, adjusted diluted earnings per
share increased 8.3%.

I will now comment on business segment sales performance, highlighting items that build upon the
slides you have in front of you. Unless otherwise stated, percentages quoted represent the operational
sales change in comparison to the first quarter of 2020 and, therefore, exclude the impact of currency
translation.

Beginning with Consumer Health, Worldwide Consumer Health sales totaled $3.5 billion and declined
3.3%, with declines in the U.S. of 7.4% and modest growth of 0.5% outside of the U.S. The Consumer
Health results reflect negative comparisons due to prior year pantry loading and increased COVID-19
demand, particularly in over-the-counter medicines. Excluding the prior year COVID-19 comparison, the
Consumer Health segment grew low single digits in the quarter.

Over-the-counter medicines declined 14.8%. Globally, results were negatively impacted by the prior year
comparisons I previously mentioned, coupled with continued impacts of social distancing restrictions
resulting in lower cough, cold and flu incidences. Partially offsetting declines were U.S. share gains,
primarily in Tylenol, Zyrtec and PEPCID as well as strong performance of Nicorette outside the U.S.

The skin health/beauty franchise grew by 2.8% driven by strong performance outside the U.S. for
NEUTROGENA and AVEENO due to new product innovations and strength in e-commerce. Results were
partially offset by U.S. COVID-19-related market contraction in makeup removal wipes.

Consumers continue to focus on products related to personal health and hygiene, including Oral Care,
which grew 4.5% from continued growth of LISTERINE mouthwash due to category growth and strong
promotions, partially offset by divestitures. Worldwide growth, excluding divestitures, was approximately
8%. Additionally, the Baby Care franchise grew by 9.5% as a result of strength in Johnson's outside the
U.S., primarily in the Latin America and Asia Pacific regions across all categories, coupled with AVEENO
Baby growth in e-commerce globally.

Moving on to our Pharmaceutical segment. Worldwide Pharmaceutical sales of $12.2 billion grew 7.1%,
with strength in both the U.S. increasing by 6.4% and OUS with sales increasing by 7.9%. Sales in
the quarter included a small contribution in the U.S. from Janssen's COVID-19 vaccine, following its
Emergency Use Authorization in February.

Our strong portfolio of products and commercial capabilities continues to enable us to deliver strong
adjusted operational growth at above-market levels, with 7 key products realizing double-digit growth in
the first quarter.

Our immunology therapeutic area delivered global sales growth of 5.5% driven by strong double-digit
performance of STELARA and TREMFYA, offset by continued declines in REMICADE due to biosimilar
competition. STELARA continued to show strength in all regions, growing at 15.4%, driven by increased
market growth and share gains. U.S. share increased roughly 4 points in Crohn's disease and nearly 10
points in ulcerative colitis.

STELARA growth was partially offset by an unfavorable comparison to a prior period pricing adjustment in
Q1 2020 and an unfavorable comparison to increased sales in Q1 2020, resulting from COVID-19-related
longer script durations in the U.S. and Europe.

TREMFYA grew 37.8%, with strong double-digit growth in both the U.S. and OUS, driven by share gains in
psoriasis of 2.7 points in the U.S., continued global expansion into new markets and continued penetration
into the psoriatic arthritis indication that was approved in 2020.

Our oncology portfolio delivered another strong quarter, with worldwide growth of 14.6%. DARZALEX
continued its strong performance, growing 42.2%, driven by share growth across all lines of therapy
and increased penetration of the subcutaneous formulation in the U.S. and EU. DARZALEX continues to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

penetrate the frontline setting, aided by recently approved line extensions that penetrate new patient
populations, posting nearly 3 points of share growth in Line 1 in the U.S. this quarter.

ERLEADA continued its global momentum, with growth of 79.7% in the quarter, driven by market share
and penetration gains, especially in the metastatic indication.

IMBRUVICA grew 5.6% globally, with increased volume growth, driven by our market-leading share and
increased persistency as patients extend the duration of therapy. However, this was partially offset by the
market contraction due to temporary COVID-19 impacts on new patient starts.

Growth was also negatively impacted by onetime items, including the increased demand in Q1 of 2020
related to longer-term script durations in anticipation of pandemic-related restrictions and higher levels
of clinical trial volume in the same quarter last year. Excluding the impact of these onetime events, global
growth for IMBRUVICA would have been double digits.

In neuroscience, our paliperidone long-acting portfolio grew 6.9% driven by market and share growth
due to increased new patient starts and strong persistency. Cardiovascular/metabolism/other declined
4.1% this quarter driven by continued biosimilar competition for PROCRIT and competitive pressures in
INVOKANA, which was partially offset by growth of 11.7% in XARELTO, driven by continued demand and
a onetime favorable prior period pricing adjustment in the current quarter, which contributed over half of
XARELTO's growth in the quarter.

Lastly, our total pulmonary hypertension portfolio achieved strong growth of 13.7%, with OPSUMIT growth
of 13.5% and UPTRAVI growth of 20.9%, both driven by market penetration and share gains.

I'll now turn your attention to the Medical Devices segment. Worldwide Medical Devices sales were $6.6
billion, growing 8%. Growth versus prior year was primarily driven by market recovery from procedures
impacted by COVID-19, along with continued momentum driven by commercial initiatives and our recently
launched new products that are further enhancing our competitiveness across several areas of the
business.

Additionally, selling days positively impacted worldwide growth by 190 basis points. We expect the full
year impact from selling days, excluding the impact of the 53rd week in 2020, will be minimal.

While recovery dynamics continue to vary across procedure type and geography, our results reflect
continued momentum with 9 of our 11 priority platforms delivering global growth in Q1, with 6 of these
delivering double-digit worldwide growth.

As you consider regional dynamics, Asia Pacific was the first region to be impacted by COVID-19 and
experienced the most significant sales declines in the first quarter last year. Asia Pacific realized strong
market recovery, primarily in China, against this low sales base from the prior year. So that, coupled with
our commercial efforts to expand into Tier 2 and Tier 3 hospitals in China, resulted in strong double-digit
growth in this region.

COVID-19 remains a dynamic variable in the U.S. However, the market has been resilient and continues
to recover, resulting in growth of 5.4% in the U.S. Sales declined in Europe and Latin America where there
continues to be a higher level of COVID-19-related mobility restrictions and procedure deferrals.

Looking at results for each of our platforms. Interventional Solutions delivered another quarter of strong
double-digit growth. Electrophysiology grew 25.7% in the quarter, primarily driven by recovery in the
market, coupled with the strength of our broad-based portfolio, focus on commercial execution and
introduction of new products, such as an update to our CARTO 3 System and the CARTO PRIME Mapping
Module, which further enhanced our market position globally. These new product introductions support
improved mapping capabilities and reduce ablation times during atrial fibrillation procedures.

Worldwide orthopedics grew 1.2% versus the prior year, with continued COVID-19 impacts on procedure
recovery. Worldwide trauma delivered growth of 9.5%, reflecting market recovery and success of our
newer product introductions that continue to support our market-leading position in trauma, such as

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

the most comprehensive Cannulated Compression Headless Screw system on the market and the RIA 2
system designed for long bone grafts.

Hips returned to worldwide growth this quarter, increasing 3.2%, driven by market recovery and our
continued leadership position in the anterior approach and demand for the ACTIS stem needed by our
other enabling technologies in hip navigation.

Knees declined 9.9% globally primarily due to slower market recovery in these more deferrable
procedures, in addition to some softness stemming from business mix dynamics. We are on track for
commercialization of our VELYS robotic-assisted solution for total knee procedures in the U.S. We believe
the combination of this launch, along with our differentiated VELYS digital solutions and ATTUNE Knee
platform, including cementless offerings, will enhance our portfolio and support improved performance as
procedures continue to recover.

Spine declined 0.6%, reflecting the continued impact of COVID-19 on this market, coupled with some
onetime stocking reductions in China, resulting from the consolidation to a national distribution model
worth about 250 basis points globally. The decline was partially offset by success of recently launched
products such as SYMPHONY, CONDUIT and FIBERGRAFT as well as partnerships, which further enhance
our offerings, such as the X-Pac expandable cage.

Advanced Surgery grew 14.3% versus prior year, with double-digit growth globally in endocutters,
biosurgery and energy, primarily from robust growth in Asia, driven by market recovery and market share
gains due to new product launches; globalization of our portfolio, including biosurgeries, SURGIFLO plus
thrombin launch in Japan; and commercial investments to expand our coverage in China.

In General Surgery, wound closure grew 12% globally, with growth of 6.6% in the U.S. and 15.7% OUS.
Results were driven by recovery in the markets as well as continued strength of our market-leading suture
portfolio, including the STRATAFIX barbed suture family.

U.S. contact lens growth of 7.2% reflects the strength of our commercial execution and our market-
leading ACUVUE portfolio, including the recent launch of ACUVUE OASYS multifocal lenses, which were
designed to provide clear vision at all distances.

Channel inventory increases related to continued COVID-19 volatility and support of this new product
launch contributed about 400 basis points to growth. Growth outside the U.S. of 0.9% reflects slower
market recovery in Japan and Europe.

Global surgical vision grew 11.2% due to a combination of recovery in both cataract and refractive
procedures as well as continued strength of recent product introductions, including TECNIS Toric II and
early success of TECNIS Eyhance, driving improved share momentum in both the U.S. and OUS markets.

Now regarding our consolidated statement of earnings for the first quarter of 2021. Please direct your
attention to the box section of the schedule. You will see we have provided our earnings adjusted to
exclude intangible amortization expense and special items.

As reported this morning, our adjusted EPS of $2.59 reflects a reported increase of 12.6% and an
operational increase of 8.3%.

I'd like to now highlight a few noteworthy items that have changed on the statement of earnings
compared to the same quarter last year. Cost of products sold improved versus 2020 as a percent of sales
due to favorable product mix in the Pharmaceutical business and favorable volume and mix in the Medical
Devices business. Additionally, the first quarter 2020 Medical Devices results included the establishment of
a COVID-19 inventory reserve, which did not repeat in 2021.

Selling, marketing and administrative margins improved due to leveraging in the Medical Devices business,
resulting from the recovery of sales from the prior year's negative COVID-19 impact. We continue to
invest in research and development at competitive levels, investing 14.2% of sales this quarter. This
was higher than the first quarter of 2020 by 170 basis points driven by portfolio progression in the
Pharmaceutical business.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

The other income and expense line showed net income of $882 million in the first quarter of 2021
compared to net income of $679 million in the first quarter of 2020, primarily due to higher acquisition,
integration and divestiture-related activity. However, as a reminder, we treat significant divestiture gains
as a special item, and these gains are therefore excluded from adjusted earnings.

Regarding taxes in the quarter. Our effective tax rate increased from 11% in the first quarter of 2020 to
16.6% in the first quarter of 2021. This increase is driven primarily by the impact of onetime items in
2020 that did not repeat. Excluding special items, the effective tax rate was 16.5% versus 15% in the
same period last year. I encourage you to review our 10-Q for further details on specific tax matters.

Let's now look at adjusted income before tax by segment. In the first quarter of 2021, our adjusted
income before tax for the enterprise as a percentage of sales increased from 35% to 37.1%.

The following are the main drivers of change to the adjusted income before tax by segment. Medical
Devices margin improved by 640 basis points driven by inventory reserves recorded in 2020, associated
with the impact of COVID-19, which did not repeat in the current quarter, and overall expense leveraging
in 2021 resulting from the Medical Devices sales recovery.

Consumer Health margins improved by 150 basis points primarily driven by supply chain efficiencies,
including the benefit from our SKU rationalization program.

Pharmaceutical margins improved by 30 basis points primarily driven by favorable product mix, partially
offset by increased investment in research and development.

That concludes the sales and P&L highlights for Johnson & Johnson's first quarter. I'm now pleased to turn
the call over to Joe Wolk.

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Chris. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. When we spoke with you
this time last year, we updated our full year 2020 outlook with perhaps the highest level of uncertainty
Johnson & Johnson had ever faced, much like every other company in every other industry.

COVID-19 cases were on the rise, worldwide lockdowns were in effect, and most were adapting to new
ways of working while maintaining productivity. No one knew how long the pandemic would last, and
demand forecasts were ambiguous at best.

However, what was crystal clear, what we did know was that the resilience of our business, the strength of
our financial position and an unrelenting long-term focus to develop and deliver our life-saving medicines
and products to patients and customers around the globe would likely lead to a better future. We are
stronger as a business than before the pandemic, and our first quarter 2021 results give us even more
confidence in our ability to continue delivering compelling performance in the future.

Let me begin with our cash position and capital allocation priorities. We ended the first quarter of 2021
with approximately $9 billion of net debt, consisting of approximately $25 billion of cash and marketable
securities and approximately $34 billion of debt. While our capital allocation priorities remain intact, the
past year has reinforced the importance of managing our business for the long term through a disciplined
approach and a focus on investments for innovation to further enhance our competitive positioning.

In addition to disproportionately investing competitively in our R&D pipelines, we continue to evaluate and
capitalize on acquisition opportunities, when appropriate, to create value over the long term.

Paying our dividend and increasing it annually remains a key priority. Earlier this morning, we announced
that the Board of Directors approved an increase of the quarterly dividend for the 59th consecutive year
by 5%. The dividend increase to $1.06 per share per quarter reflects our recent performance, strong
financial position and confidence in the future of Johnson & Johnson.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

An indication that our capital deployment is fortifying the foundation for our future is in part illustrated on
this next slide, which details pipeline developments that have occurred since our last call. I'll highlight a
few, starting with our Pharmaceutical business.

First, we received the U.S. approval and a positive opinion from the CHMP in the EU for Ponvory in multiple
sclerosis, our first NME approval this year. In addition, we completed our BLA filing for Cilta-cel, a BCMA
CAR-T for the treatment of multiple myeloma, and we anticipate U.S. approval later this year.

As you know, we are rigorous in focusing on differentiated transformational medical innovation.
Despite showing proof of concept in initial phases of the study, we decided to discontinue the Phase II
development of tesnatilimab, an anti-NKG2D monoclonal antibody for Crohn's disease based on insufficient
efficacy in the trial.

Within our Medical Devices portfolio, the FDA granted approval for TECNIS Eyhance, a next-generation
intraocular lens. This represents the first significant innovation in monofocal technology in over 20 years.

Johnson & Johnson Vision also announced a collaboration with Menicon to deliver therapeutic contact
lenses that manage the progression of myopia in children. We expect commercialization of this product by
the end of 2021 under the brand name ACUVUE Ability, pending health authority approval. We are excited
to accelerate our entry into this growing and important space for patients, while we continue to advance
our myopia pipeline.

As Chris commented, too, earlier, we are pleased by the enterprise's first quarter results. I'll now provide
some insights into how we are thinking about the remainder of 2021. So let's start simply with, we remain
confident in our business.

Our Pharmaceuticals segment is on track with our expectations. And in 2021, we expect to deliver a 10th
consecutive year of operational above-market growth. Importantly, this growth is volume-driven, not
dependent on price.

You may have noticed that we issued our fifth Annual Janssen U.S. Transparency Report last week. While
I'm admittedly biased, this is a very informative read, and you'll not only see the average price for our
products declined by nearly 6% in 2020, but how more than $29 billion of rebates and discounts were
allocated.

In Consumer Health, prior year comparisons will be choppy by quarter throughout this year due to the
COVID-19 pantry loading and demand surges experienced in 2020. However, we continue to expect to
grow with the market for the year in those areas in which we compete, driven by our strong iconic brands
that consumers rely on every day.

We will also continue to focus on maintaining our enhanced margin profile driven by our SKU
rationalization and investment optimization programs.

In Medical Devices, better execution, new innovative offerings and market recovery led to growth in the
first quarter. However, market variables such as patient willingness to seek care, insurance coverage and
unemployment rates, along with the easing of mobility restrictions, will influence the rate of recovery as
we progress through the year. Despite those uncertain dynamics, we remain confident in the full year
outlook we had in January.

Let me say a few words related to our COVID-19 vaccine. Our goal has always been to bring our scientific
capabilities and resources to develop a safe, effective vaccine that would complement other measures
to end the global pandemic. To ensure broad access, we announced early on that we would supply
the vaccine on a not-for-profit basis during the crisis period. Given the not-for-profit commitment, as
previously stated, we never anticipated COVID-19 vaccine revenue would have a significant upside impact
to 2021 adjusted EPS already projected to grow at 18% or 1.8x greater than sales growth.

Paul will say a few words at the conclusion of my remarks on our COVID-19 vaccine. Regarding vaccine
financials, please note that we commit to providing timely updates to actual results and guidance as
warranted.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Considering the qualitative factors I just referenced, here's what we expect for the full year 2021. Starting
with sales, on an adjusted operational basis, we are increasing our guidance and tightening our range
to reflect the ongoing confidence in the business to a range of growth to 8.7% to 9.9%. This adjusted
operational sales growth is on a constant currency basis, consistent with how we manage our business
performance.

We are maintaining our estimate for the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures of approximately 50
basis points, resulting in operational sales of $89.3 billion to $90.3 billion or 8.2% to 9.4%.

While we don't offer predictions on currency movement, utilizing the euro spot rate relative to the U.S.
dollar as of last week at $1.19 results in a still favorable but, to a lesser degree, currency impact of $1.3
billion or a year-over-year increase of 150 basis points, resulting in estimated reported sales in the range
of $90.6 billion to $91.6 billion, an increase of 9.7% to 10.9% or 10.3% at that midpoint versus 2020.

Regarding the balance of the P&L, we are maintaining the guidance we offered in January for all other
items for which we routinely provide guidance. We are, however, comfortable tightening our range by
raising the lower end, resulting in increasing the midpoint of our adjusted operational EPS by $0.03.
Therefore, our new adjusted earnings per share guidance range is $9.30 to $9.45 on a constant currency
basis.

While not predicting currency movement, but to provide some direction on the impact of currency
fluctuations on our reported adjusted EPS, the estimated benefit is now $0.12 versus $0.15 for the full
year. Accounting for that, we would be comfortable with your models reflecting reported adjusted EPS
ranging from $9.42 to $9.57, or a midpoint of $9.50 to a range of 17.3% to 19.2%. We don't provide
quarterly guidance, but do appreciate that you find value in us providing some qualitative considerations
to keep in mind as you update your models.

This slide looks rather similar to what we shared in January, with the most noteworthy callout being the
negative impact of COVID-19 experienced in the second quarter of 2020, particularly in Medical Devices. It
is reasonable to infer that the second quarter of 2021 should have highly favorable comparisons in Medical
Devices.

Let me close our prepared remarks by acknowledging the Johnson & Johnson colleagues and all they have
overcome but, more importantly, accomplished over the last year. Driven by our credo, their unrelenting
dedication to continue meeting our commitments to all stakeholders has been inspiring. On behalf of the
entire executive team, to all 135,000 employees around the world, thank you.

Paul, Chris and I are pleased to be joined by Alex and Joaquin to address your questions. But before we
begin the Q&A, let me turn the call over to Paul.

Paulus A. Stoffels
Chief Scientific Officer

Thank you, Joe, and I'm pleased to provide an update on our COVID-19 vaccine and our efforts to address
the ongoing pandemic, which today has taken the lives of more than 3 million people globally.

From the very beginning, we have worked to develop and deliver a single shot, easy transportable
COVID-19 vaccine to help protect the health of people everywhere and reach communities in need
globally. We are committed to equitable access and to bringing an affordable COVID-19 vaccine to the
public on a not-for-profit basis for the emerging pandemic use.

In the last quarter, we announced results from our multi-country Phase III ENSEMBLE study that
demonstrate the vaccine was 85% effective in preventing severe disease across all regions studied and
showed protection against COVID-19-related hospitalization and death beginning day 28 after vaccination.
The vaccine has demonstrated protection across all countries studied and with multiple variants of
the virus, including the B.1.351 variant. Based on the robust data we submitted to health authorities,
we received Emergency Use Authorization from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, a conditional
marketing authorization from the European Medicines Agency and Emergency Use Listing from the World
Health Organization. We began U.S. distribution in March, with plans to begin shipping to Europe in April.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

In addition, given the threat of variants, we collaborated with the South African Medical Research Council
on the Sisonke study, an open-labeled Phase IIIb vaccine implementation study among 500,000 frontline
health care workers in South Africa, where the B.1.351 variant has become dominant and where there is
limited supportive care of -- or wide availability of COVID vaccines.

This variant now makes up more than 60% of cases across this African continent and has been detected
in more than 60 countries globally. A single shot vaccine with demonstrated protection against COVID-19-
related hospitalization and death can be critical to for fighting the global pandemic, particularly with
protection across countries with different variants.

Last Tuesday, the U.S. Centers of Disease Control and Prevention Advisory Committee on Immunization
Practices, or ACIP, reviewed the reports of an extremely rare disorder involving blood clots in combination
with low platelets observed in a small number of individuals following vaccination with the Johnson &
Johnson COVID-19 vaccine. Out of an abundance of caution, the CDC and FDA recommended a pause in
the use of our vaccine in the U.S. ACIP will reconvene this Friday, and we look forward to their review and
the outcome of the meeting.

Johnson & Johnson made the decision to proactively delay the rollout of our vaccine in Europe and pause
vaccinations in all COVID-19 vaccine clinical trials, while we updated guidance for investigators and
participants. The safety and well-being of the people who use our product is our #1 priority, and we
strongly support awareness of the signs and symptoms of this extremely rare event to ensure the correct
diagnosis, appropriate treatment and expedited report by health care professionals.

We continue to believe in the positive benefit-risk profile of our vaccine and in view of the raging pandemic
that continues to devastate communities around the world, continue to collaborate with medical experts
and global health authorities, including the CDC, FDA, EMA, the WHO and the South African Health
Products Regulatory Authority, SAHPRA, as we work towards continuing vaccination to end the global
pandemic.

We welcome the recent recommendation of SAHPRA to lift the pause in the investigator-led collaborative
Sisonke study, provided that specific conditions are met. SAHPRA based this decision on a review of the
availability -- available safety data from Sisonke study as well as adverse event reports in the United
States. We look forward to partnering with the South African Ministry of Health to resume vaccinations of
health care workers in South Africa soon.

We are looking forward to the outcome of from today's meeting of the European Medicines Agency
Pharmacovigilance Risk Assessment Committee, the PRAC as it is called, and are looking forward to
working with EMA to ensure appropriate awareness of this extremely rare event and guidance on diagnosis
and treatment of this condition.

Johnson & Johnson stands ready to resume shipment of its COVID-19 vaccine in Europe. In addition, we
will work with member states to resume vaccinations in all Janssen COVID-19 vaccine clinical trials in
Europe. We remain committed to supplying 200 million doses of our COVID-19 vaccine to the European
Union, plus Norway and Iceland.

Moving on to manufacturing. The quality and safety of our COVID-19 vaccine is paramount. On April
3, we announced we would increase our oversight of drug substance manufacturing at the Emergent
BioSolutions Bayview facility. Since then, we have worked closely with U.S. government and with the FDA,
including during the ongoing FDA inspection at Emergent Bayview. We will work closely with Emergent and
the FDA to address any inspection findings.

Our goal remains ensuring all drug substance for our COVID-19 vaccine meets a high-quality standard
and securing Emergency Use Authorization for the drug substance manufactured at Emergent Bayview.
We remain committed to delivering 100 million single shots doses of our COVID-19 vaccine to the U.S.
government and helping to bring an end to this global pandemic.

In conclusion, I want to note that COVID-19 is the most severe global health challenge we have seen in
our lifetimes. Johnson & Johnson is committed to help the world win the fight against COVID-19 and be
even better prepared for possible future pandemics.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Now I will turn it over to Chris to start the Q&A.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations
Great. Thank you, Paul. We will now move to the Q&A portion of the webcast. Rob, can you please provide
instructions for those on the line wishing to ask a question?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Chris Schott with JPMorgan.

Christopher Thomas Schott
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. And I appreciate all the color on the business dynamics here. I just had 2 questions centered
around the vaccine. I guess, first, how do you see this clotting risk issue being addressed? Is this going
to be just some sort of safety warning to physicians? Or do you think there's going to be a way to identify
certain populations where this might not be an appropriate vaccine? And maybe tied to that, how are you
thinking about addressing public safety perceptions given what seems to be a very rare side effect if, in
fact, it's even linked here once vaccinations resume?

If I could just slip another quick one on vaccines in there. I just want to make sure I'm clear as well. On
the guidance for 2021, are there vaccine sales beyond Q1 reflected in that guidance? Or just given some
of the uncertainty, has that not been included in the updated guidance?

Paulus A. Stoffels
Chief Scientific Officer

Yes. Let me take the first question. We are working very closely, both with FDA, CDC as well with EMA
and the PRAC on addressing your first question on risk and whether there will be guidance. And we'll
work closely if that comes out in the course of the week to implement that globally, but also restore the
confidence in the vaccine.

It's an extremely rare event. We hope by making people aware as well as putting clear diagnostic and
therapeutic guidance in place that we can restore the confidence in our vaccine.

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

And Chris, with respect to financial guidance, there is nothing in our future outlook with respect to that at
this point in time. So we will, it's warranted, certainly provide updates. Right now, we're just commenting
to what was actually experienced in the first quarter. Thanks for your question.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Chris. Appreciate the question.

Operator

Your next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just 2 quick ones for me. Joe, can you talk a little bit -- your Medical Device sales came in better than
our expectations. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the end markets with regard to the
recovery?

And can you also secondly talk about the quarterly EPS phasing? Why didn't you raise EPS guidance more
despite the beat? Q1 EPS is usually about 24%, 25% of full year EPS, whereas the guidance implies Q1
EPS is about 27% using the midpoint. So why not raise the guidance more?

Alex Gorsky
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Larry, thank you very much for your question. This is Alex. Why don't I go first? And look, before I
respond directly to your question, I just want to give a special shout out to all of our frontline heroes,
especially the 50,000 plus-or-minus associates of Johnson & Johnson who have been consistently going
to work, putting on their masks on the supply room floor, on the shop floor, manufacturing and really
enabling us to continue to serve patients and consumers around the world throughout this pandemic; two,
a very special recognition to the doctors, the scientists, the engineers, who have not only been working
diligently on our approach to COVID-19, but also to keep our ongoing innovation portfolio on track, and
we're very thankful to them; and last but not least, all of our associates who really worked in a very agile,
flexible and dedicated way throughout this period.

I think our results overall today demonstrate that in spite of a lot of variability, unpredictability, the
Johnson & Johnson remained a very consistent and, in fact, stronger performer today than we were even a
year ago. If you look at our competitive position, whether it's market share on all of our major $28 billion-
plus platforms, if you look at our pipeline progress and development, we clearly have continued to make
progress, in spite of a lot of other dynamics.

So getting specifically to your question on Medical Device marketplace, what we would say is we're
seeing continued improvement through the first quarter. If we look at the last couple of weeks of March
in the United States, most of the major systems were somewhere in the range of 90% to 105% of their
performance back in 2019.

If we look across Europe, of course, there's a bit more variability. Markets in Italy, for example, have
lagged given the outbreak of COVID-19; in the U.K., where you've seen other markets return more in
the 90% to 100% range, although we have continued to see month-to-month and even week-to-week
progression across those major markets.

As was alluded to in the earlier comments, we would expect that to begin to change in a pretty significant
way in the second quarter, not only as we see more vaccinations but, of course, the year-on-year
comparisons. And again, what I'd like to highlight is the strong performance across almost all of our
Medical Device platforms.

If you take a look at Vision Surgery, up 11%; if you take a look at our EP business, up 26%; our surgery
business was well up into double digits across whether it was energy, biosurgery or into mechanical.
Orthopedics, particularly large joints, we saw lag slightly, but we know that these are more elective
procedures. We feel we remain competitive, and we're quite excited about our VELYS launch as well as our
fixed bearing cementless options as well.

So we remain confident and actually quite optimistic for our ongoing improvement in performance in our
Medical Device sector as we head through the remainder of the year.

Joe, I'll hand it over to you for the question on EPS phasing.

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Thanks, Larry. Thanks for the question. And as usual, you have all the numbers at the ready there,
so I think I got them all down. But I think the real short story here is that I would say on 10% sales
growth, we're going to grow earnings about 18%.

And so given the early nature of the year, we challenged our leadership teams in each of our segments
and across our functions to see what we can invest today to benefit the future. So I'd much rather hold
back $0.05 today in hopes of giving $0.10 or $0.15 next year or the year after, and that's really how we're
looking at it.

As we have many great opportunities and hopefully, you noticed in our P&L, the increase in R&D
investment year-over-year by $600 billion. You saw the same trend last year for the full year. We're going
to look to see that those opportunities, given we already started the year with very strong expectations,
if some of those opportunities don't come to fruition, we'll certainly be happy to revise guidance upward
later on this year. But right now, we thought that was the best course of action to solidify the long term.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Thanks, Larry. Appreciate the questions.

Operator

Your next question comes from Joanne Wuensch with Citi.

Joanne Karen Wuensch
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

I want to focus on 2 areas. The first one is in Vision Care, and I'm trying to parse through how much of
the delivery is easy comp share loss and/or gain and just recovery in elective procedures.

And then I want to sort of put the second one on the table, which is it sounds like Orthopedics particularly
is lagging. If you have a view on when that may recover. And just more broadly speaking, is there a
pattern to segment recovery that you anticipate throughout the year?

Alex Gorsky
Chairman & CEO

Joanne, this is Alex. Thank you very much for your question. Look, in Vision Care overall, we think our
performance was solid. We have seen the contact lens business in the surgery business be significantly
impacted over the course of 2020. We have seen gradual improvement in the back end of last year and as
we started out the first part of this year.

We think our Vision Care, our contact lens business is in very good shape. We think our share position is
stable to increasing, and we think we've seen that definitely an improving position in our vision surgery
business, part of that being comps, but also part of it due to new innovation launches that were mentioned
earlier in Chris and Joe's comment.

And we believe that our lineup for new lenses, whether it's our anti-allergy lens or multifocal in contact
lenses, in the improvement that we're seeing in our surgery business will continue to bear out in stronger
performance and in share gains through the year.

Regarding Orthopedics, as noted in our comments, we saw very strong performance, for example, in our
trauma business growing in excess of 9%. We saw good rollout in our hip business at about 3.5%. And as
I mentioned in my comments, knees, which we think are perhaps the most elective of the procedures in
terms of being able to delay, were lagging somewhat.

But the indicators are that we would expect and based upon some of the surgical planning reports that
we saw, especially through the end of first quarter, that it looks as though performance for second
quarter and third quarter should be on good trends. And we would expect that to improve as patients
gain confidence to go back into the hospitals, and we see systems work their way through backlogs.
And of course, in our business, being global, as we see Europe come more back online as well following
vaccinations as we move through the second and third quarters. Thank you.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Joanne. Appreciate the questions.

Operator

Your next question comes from Bob Hopkins with Bank of America.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Joe, I was wondering if you could comment on how your 2021 EPS guidance might look if you exclude the
impact of COVID reserve release and the spending on the vaccine. Just wanted to kind of maybe get a
sense for EPS for the true underlying business.

And then I'll just state my -- the second topic. I'd love you to comment on as well is just wanted to
get your latest thinking on the potential to shift to more of a for-profit model as we potentially exit the
emergent phase. I realize it might be a little early to talk about that, but just wanted to get your latest
thinking on the potential to shift to more -- to shift post the emergent phase of this pandemic.

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks for the question, Bob. With respect to the impact of, I'd say, COVID-19 vaccine investing, in
the quarter, it was, let's call it, between $0.05 and $0.10 for the quarter. I'm not overly concerned about
that because as you heard from Paul, we are going through the rigor of the scientific reviews.

It appears that there is a very path forward that we'll find out about here in the next couple of days, and
we're going to do all we can to make sure that, that important solution to address the global pandemic
gets back into the marketplace. So we think we'll recover that even in the not-for-profit model.

With respect to pricing and dynamics, I think you're probably correct in your initial assessment that it's a
bit early, but let me turn it over to Joaquin to give you some thoughts that we have on that topic.

Joaquin Duato
Vice Chairman of Executive Committee

Thanks for the question. Our focus from the beginning in this pandemic was to be a partner in addressing
this humanitarian crisis. And as a consequence, in order to make sure that we facilitate access globally, we
decided to go with a non-for-profit model.

Our focus now remains to be able to be a participant in addressing this pandemic. And once this pandemic
is over, there will be time to discuss different options. But today, our focus is to address this pandemic and
be an important partner in making an impact globally in stopping COVID-19.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Bob. Appreciate the question.

Operator

Your next question comes from Josh Jennings with Cowen.

Joshua Thomas Jennings
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I had a follow-up to Bob's question just on the vaccine and just how revenues and expenses flow through
the P&L. Just wanted to make sure or, for sanity check, the 100 million doses by midyear in the U.S.,
100 million more by the end of 2021, 200 million doses in Europe, for instance, are those guaranteed
contracts?

And just in terms of the risk-sharing model and the not-for-profit model, I just wanted to make sure that
your downside is protected in terms of expenses going forward are already incurred and where those
contracts sit.

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks for the follow-up, Josh. As you can imagine, it is very fluid, but there's nothing in the
guidance today that should give analysts or investors concern about any downside with respect to this.
Again, we're hope -- we're cautiously hopeful that there is a very viable path forward.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

We'll learn a lot more in the next couple of days through the regulators. We'll let the process play out, but
investors should feel very comfortable with our EPS guidance to protect against any downside that may be
envisioned, although I don't see that as likely at this point.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Yes. Maybe just one add on as it relates to Bob's question and Josh, your question, too. I mean, just
keep in mind, when you look at our underlying performance, right, Pharm is a segment, which was less
impacted top line, strong above market. And we continue to improve margins there as well. And you did
see margin improvement as well in Consumer.

So while there's certainly many impacts from COVID year-over-year, I think when you really look
underneath the underlying results, there's strength both on the top line and bottom line that's factored
when you look at this year.

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

That's a good point, Chris. And I think this is going to be a choppy year, so we have to look selectively at
year-on-year comps. And if you just look at, let's call, what was a normal quarter, at least as we knew it,
back in the first quarter of 2019, you look at our respective businesses. You have Consumer is up about
8% this quarter versus first quarter of 2019. So again, that suggests other strong underlying business.

Pharmaceuticals is up about 17.5%, and Medical Devices is approaching 4% on that same comparison,
but I would say that's a very strong 4% when you consider we still have, as you heard in our commentary,
many delayed procedures or paused elective procedures in the marketplace, which simply didn't exist in
the first quarter of 2019.

So across all 3 parts of our business, I think there's a real good takeaway there that the business is
healthy and strong. You couple that with the investment we continue to make in R&D at elevated levels, I
would hope folks feel really good about not just our performance of today, but our future performance on
the horizon.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Thank you. Thanks, Josh.

Operator

The next question comes from Louise Chen of Cantor Fitzgerald.

Louise Alesandra Chen
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division

So my first question was, do you have any thoughts on potential corporate tax increases in the U.S. as
well as potential drug pricing reform? And then second question is on Cilta-cel. I know you're expecting
approval this year. Where do you expect it to fit into the treatment paradigm if it is approved? And do you
expect CAR-Ts to gain wider usage over time?

Alex Gorsky
Chairman & CEO

Great, Louise. Thanks for the questions. I will address tax reform as best I can. Obviously, that's a fluid
situation. Then I'll turn it over to Joaquin and Paul for your other questions.

With respect to tax reform, we've shared a lot of rhetoric about a race to a bottom. I don't know why folks
are anxious to have a race to the top in terms of rates either, and I can give you 1 example in 1 industry,
and that's Johnson & Johnson, where when tax reform was passed in 2017, we committed to increasing
our investment in the U.S. by 15% over the upcoming 4 years versus the preceding 4 years.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

We are on track to actually invest about 25% more in the U.S. over that 4-year period, and that's more
than $30 billion. Now what does that mean in terms of the U.S. economy? It means more jobs. I mean,
we -- as Johnson & Johnson employ 3,000 more people today than we did before the passage of the 2017
Act.

So I think when you look at where the U.S. sits with respect to OECD countries, right now, we're at the
middle of the pack, maybe even skewing a little bit towards the bottom in terms of competitiveness. If we
were to raise rates even to 25% and you include tax from states, we become the highest-rated developed
country in the world with respect to tax rates.

So I think it's something that we need a little more fact-based dialogue on and making sure that we
remain competitive that the U.S. becomes a source of innovation across all industries, and we don't floor
the innovation and competitive spirit that has been successful over the recent times, even in addressing
many of the concerns and solutions with respect to COVID-19 we've seen in the past year, where many
U.S.-based companies have stepped up.

Joaquin, let me turn it to you to address the other items.

Joaquin Duato
Vice Chairman of Executive Committee

Thank you. So with regards to pricing reforms in the U.S., that was your question, Louise, so we continue
to expect that there will be pressure to do something to reduce patient out-of-pocket costs. And in that
context, the industry could potentially be seen again as a favor in another budget reconciliation package
for ACA reform or infrastructure legislation.

We believe that the negotiations in that regard could be collaborative and that the overall value, that
innovation it's bringing to society, as highlighted by our contributions in COVID-19, will be understood. So
that's the way we see it.

Now we think that the most important thing in any price bill or any price reform is to be sure that patients
experience a reduction in the out-of-pocket costs, and Johnson & Johnson will be a constructive partner
in that regard. We think that also that patient cost setting should be based on the net price of medicines.
And in that sense, we continue to support that type of reform.

I also want to take a step back and look at our Pharmaceutical business in the context of pricing reform. I
believe that the type of portfolio and growth that we have plays out very well in this situation.

Our growth has been based on volume. Our net price declined in 2020, 5.7%, and this is the fourth
consecutive year that we have net price declines. And we are able and ready to grow in that environment
based on having a very broad-based portfolio, with 11 products of more than $1 billion and an R&D-based
model that allow us to have a very differentiated pipeline in the -- in 2020. We invested $9.6 billion in
R&D, which is about 2x what we invest in sales and marketing.

So we believe that these negotiations could be collaborative, and that in that context, the Johnson &
Johnson Pharmaceutical business is especially well positioned based on our ability to drive growth based
on volume and in our very broadly diversified portfolio.

So about our BCMA CAR-T that we filed in the first quarter of 2020, that was an important milestone in
our pipeline. Our initial indication, it's going to be for patients with multiple myeloma that have progressed
on available established therapies. Over time, we see BCMA CAR-T and our BCMA CAR-T specifically
progressing into earlier lines of therapy. You could see a moment in which young, healthy patients may
have BCMA CAR-T as a third-line therapy in an intent to build regimens that are curative.

Paul?

Paulus A. Stoffels
Chief Scientific Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Yes. From the beginning, we selected BCMA CAR-T based on its double binding, and that has yielded a
superior profile with -- in the high 90s overall response rates as well as very high MRD negativity rates
and lasting effect. And so we think this CAR-T is very strongly positioned in the market and hope to get
approval in the second half of the year.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Thank you, Paul. Thanks, Louise. Appreciate the question.

Operator

The next question comes from Danielle Antalffy with SVB Leerink.

Danielle Joy Antalffy
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

I have 2 questions. One is really on the device business. And I think, Joe, you alluded to that when you
were talking about growth comparisons to 2019. But there was still a COVID impact in Q1, and I guess I'm
just trying to get a sense of how Q1 sort of shaped up as you work through the month.

Did you see a strong recovery in March in the device side of things? And do you feel like -- and this might
be an ambiguous and kind of difficult question to truly answer, but I guess do you feel like the worst is
behind us, even regardless of how vaccinations continue to roll out and what variants might do? And then
I have one vaccine follow-up.

Alex Gorsky
Chairman & CEO

Danielle, this is Alex. Thanks a lot for your question. We do expect to see improving trends in our Medical
Device arena. If we take a look at the first quarter, there was some irregularity just based upon what we
are seeing with the virus in -- on a global basis in January versus February and March. But overall, It's
clear to us that we're seeing improving trends.

And as Joe alluded to in his earlier comments, we would expect that just given year-on-year comps, plus
what we're seeing underlying, both in the United States and Europe in terms of procedure scheduling,
confidence in returning to the hospitals and overall surgical volumes. We would expect those to improve
through the second and third quarter of this year.

Danielle Joy Antalffy
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then on the vaccine side of things, as it relates to manufacturing, what are the
alternative for the volumes that were supposed to be manufactured out of Emergent if, and worst-case
scenario, Emergent is prevented from being able to produce for the next few months?

Joaquin Duato
Vice Chairman of Executive Committee

Thank you, Danielle. Look, as Paul said, our goal remains ensuring that all drug substance for our
COVID-19 vaccine meets our high-quality standards and at the same time that we secure Emergency Use
Authorization for the drug substance manufactured at the Emergent Bayview facility.

At this time, as we continue in discussions with the FDA, it is premature to speculate on any potential
impact that this may have on our timing of our vaccine deliveries. So we will expect to work with the FDA
to work this inspection this -- to close this inspection this week. And then we will work with the FDA and
Emergent to address those inspections findings. But at this time, it would be premature to speculate on
any potential impact that this could have on our delivery timing.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Great. Thanks. And then just real quick, to build on Alex's comment, maybe just to give you a little bit of
color. We're obviously looking at procedures closely, surgical procedures, imaging as well. Diagnostics is
actually outpacing surgical procedures and accelerated through the quarter.

It's almost in line with where we were pre-pandemic, so that's a positive sign, although the situation,
of course, remains fluid. And then many important procedures, such as colorectal, again, sequentially
improved through the quarter and actually grew year-over-year.

So again, we're seeing positive signs across. And I think you saw that in our results and pockets of
our businesses, as Advanced Surgery, for example, growing over 14%. So we're continuing to look at
everything. The situation remains fluid, but there's definitely positive signs on the trends that we're
seeing.

Thanks, Danielle.

Operator

Next question comes from Matt Miksic with Credit Suisse.

Matthew Stephan Miksic
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

So I've got one sort of utilization-related question on procedure trends and then I have a follow-up for
Alex, if I could, on digital strategy. So first, device is up 8.8%, stronger than The Street was expecting.
The mix, also a bit stronger than expected on Advanced Surgery and maybe a little bit slower as it's come
up in the Q&A here than expected in knees, which you mentioned, Alex, is a couple of times being more
deferrable.

The question is, should we read through this as a bit of a shift to higher acuity procedures, at least within
your portfolio? And then maybe how should we see the recent rise in hospitalizations potentially affecting
the trajectory of recovery over these procedures over the next months and quarters? And then as I
mentioned, I have one follow-up on digital.

Alex Gorsky
Chairman & CEO

Sure, Matt. Thanks a lot for the question. Look, Matt, overall, I wouldn't read too much into just these
recent results regarding a significant shift overall in our portfolio. I mean, we remain very committed and
optimistic about the underlying unmet need and demand across our surgical portfolio, our Orthopedics
portfolio and our Vision Care portfolio.

But as we alluded to earlier, there are some procedures that in terms of your ability to defer and how
electable they truly are that may have a near-term impact on timing. So look, overall, if we look at our
underlying trends, not only versus 2020, but as was noted earlier, also versus 2019, we're seeing growth
rates consistent overall with what we see for this market.

We think this market has the opportunity to grow at about the 5% range over the long term. And we've
been very explicit in our goal to grow at or faster than the markets where we compete. That's number
one.

Number two, we're actually very excited about some of the opportunities that we have for launches. I
think, in total, we have more than 21 major launches lined up in our Medical Device business for this year.
We mentioned specifically in the knee area, VELYS as well as ATTUNE, cementless fixed bearing, which
we think will offer us a real competitive opportunity to generate additional growth in that area. The QDOT
MICRO is another great add-on in our EP business that is already growing in excess of 20%. And if you
look across our endo-mec, our energy business, here, too, we've got really nice add-on innovations as well
as throughout our Vision Care portfolio.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

And of course, longer term, the significant opportunity that we see in digital surgery, that team has
continued to make very solid progress. And we're excited about the long-term prospects there as well. So
no, overall, we see a lot of opportunity across our Medical Device portfolio.

Matthew Stephan Miksic
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

That's great. And maybe just to segue on your second point there about digital. You mentioned robotic
knee system is on track. Monarch, obviously, leading the market in robotic-assisted lung, and Ottava is
sort of tracking through clinicals and validation.

The question is what else? You've built out this portfolio of artificial -- in some artificial intelligence, robotic
surgery applications and technology. What are the white spaces? Where else do you see investments
within digital?

Alex Gorsky
Chairman & CEO

Sure. Well, look, I -- we believe that we're in a very, very early innings of digital, Matt. And first of all, if
we just look at the overall penetration rate of digital surgery, it's about 10% in the United States. It's just
a couple of percent on a global basis. And so we think if you consider the overall trends of how technology
can be utilized in some of these procedures, if you take a look at our global footprint, we think we will be
well positioned there in the long term.

As you mentioned, our team has continued to make good progress. We said from the very beginning, look,
we're building this for the decades. We're not just building this for the next quarter. And we're optimistic
about the progress that, that team has been making to ensure that we've got a platform that, one, can
truly make a difference for patients in surgery; that, two, that's differentiated; and three, that also allows
us to integrate not only the robotics aspect, but also the digital component that we think, long term, can
truly help show very significant differences in surgical outcomes.

And also just to give you one example of an application. We mentioned this before, but in Johnson &
Johnson right now, I think this exemplifies the unique nature of our diverse portfolio. Several years ago,
we embarked on something that we call the lung cancer initiative. As we know, unfortunately, lung cancer
continues to kill more people than just about any other type of cancer. And we know that, all too often,
patients are diagnosed far too late in the process. And we are quite excited about an early application
with Monarch, where we're not only able to go out and potentially do a diagnostic procedure through
bronchoscopy to identify, for example, lung nodules, but we're working right now on how can we deliver
oncolytic agents, viruses and other immune type agents locally, and how could we really think about the
treatment paradigm being shifted in the way that we fundamentally think about lung cancer by combining
Pharma, Medical Device, some of these technologies in very new, unique and innovative ways.

So still much more work to be done, but we're very excited about some of the early prospects that we've
seen thus far. And again, I think it exemplifies kind of our unique position to bring these different clinical
development, discovery as well as regulatory capabilities and eventually commercial together.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Thanks, Matt. Appreciate the question.

Operator

The questions come from the line of Terence Flynn of Goldman Sachs.

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Recently, there's been some new post-marketing data reported for XELJANZ and the FDA pushed out the
PDUFA dates of several JAK inhibitors. You guys are developing a pan-JAK inhibitor for IBD.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Would just love your latest perspective on the risk benefit profile, the category here and next steps in your
development program. And then just as a follow-up, just wanted to confirm that you're on track to supply
1 billion doses of your COVID-19 vaccine this year.

Joaquin Duato
Vice Chairman of Executive Committee

So thank you for the question on immunology. Look, I'm not going to comment on the safety of the oral
JAK inhibitors. What I can tell you is that we have a very strong and robust pipeline in immunology driven
by our 3 existing assets, SYMPHONY, STELARA and TREMFYA.

STELARA and TREMFYA had very strong quarters, with close to 40% growth in TREMFYA and 15% in
STELARA. In STELARA, we continue to grow share in GI, both in Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis. And
TREMFYA is the first and only IL-23 that does have both indications, PsA and PsO, and it's continued to
gain share in both areas.

Moving forward, we are excited about our possibilities in immunology with our oral agents. As you
mentioned, one, we have 2 in Phase II. One of them is a pan-JAK oral that we think could be important.
We'll have to see the data.

And broadly in immunology, we also are excited about the possibilities of nipocalimab, which is our FcRn
antibody in pathways that are auto antibody mediated with very rare diseases that could create a pipeline
in a product. So for us, immunology remains a core area of growth and focus, and we believe we are in a
very strong position to continue to drive growth in the coming years, but even beyond 2025, too.

Joseph J. Wolk
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Maybe, Terence, just to pile on to what Joaquin outlined there with the strength of our pipeline. So in
Pharmaceuticals specifically, we're looking at 10 new filings, that could be new products or indications in
2021, 13 in 2022 and 26 in 2023, so you can see that R&D investment incrementally paying off.

With respect to your second question regarding supply, I want to be respectful of the process by which the
regulators are going through. We are remediating what we need to remediate. We think that will lend itself
to a positive outcome and should put us in a position to meet all of our contractual commitments as they
stand today. But let's be respectful of the process and let that play out.

We're going to do all we can and provide that effort. As you know, and as you've heard in the press, we do
have some of our best personnel on the -- on-site at Emergent, so they're benefiting from our expertise.
And we should know more in the next couple of days.

Christopher DelOrefice
Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Thank you, Terence, and thanks to everyone for your questions and continued interest in our
company. Apologies to those we couldn't get to because of time, but don't hesitate to reach out to the
Investor Relations team as needed.

I'll now turn the call back to Alex just for some brief closing remarks.

Alex Gorsky
Chairman & CEO

Well, let me end where I began, first of all, by thanking all of you for your insightful questions and your
ongoing support; two, and also by thanking all of our associates at Johnson & Johnson, almost 140,000
who have been working 24/7, particularly over the last 15 months during this pandemic period.

We appreciate your ongoing interest and your support and look forward to updating you at our next
quarterly call. Thank you very much, and have a great day.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

This concludes today's Johnson & Johnson's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

JOHNSON & JOHNSON FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 20, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

