Juniper Networks, Inc. NYSE:JNPR
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 27, 2021 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.25

0.30

Revenue  (mm)

1055.92

1074.40

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-26-2021 12:24 PM GMT

20.00

1.75

0.36

1.65

1.84

1122.90

4631.05

4750.07

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.34

0.43

0.53

0.25

0.35

0.43

0.55

0.30

2.94 %

0.00 %

3.77 %

20.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jess Ian Lubert
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Kenneth Bradley Miller
Executive VP & CFO

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Paul Jonas Silverstein
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Alexander Henderson
Needham & Company, LLC,
Research Division

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Simon Matthew Leopold
Raymond James & Associates, Inc.,
Research Division

David Vogt
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

George Charles Notter
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Jacob Michael Wilhelm
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Joseph Lima Cardoso
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Meta A. Marshall
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to Juniper Networks' First Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

I would now like to turn this conference over to your host, Mr. Jess Lubert, VP of Investor Relations. Please
go ahead, sir. You may begin.

Jess Ian Lubert
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, and welcome to our first quarter 2021 conference call. Joining me
today are Rami Rahim, Chief Executive Officer; and Ken Miller, Chief Financial Officer. Today's call contains
certain forward-looking statements based on our current expectations.

These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results might differ materially. These
risks are discussed in our most recent 10-K, the press release and CFO commentary furnished with our
8-K filed today and in our other SEC filings. Our forward-looking statements speak only as of today, and
Juniper undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.

Our discussion today will include non-GAAP financial results. Reconciliation information can be found on
the Investor Relations section of our website under Financial Reports. Commentary on why we consider
non-GAAP information a useful view of the company's financial results is included in today's press release.
Following our prepared remarks, we will take questions. [Operator Instructions]

With that, I will now hand the call over to Rami.

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss our Q1 2021 results.
We delivered strong results during the March quarter. Revenue exceeded our expectations, and we
experienced year-over-year growth across all verticals and geographies. Product orders experienced mid-
teens growth year-over-year, and we grew backlog on both a sequential and year-over-year basis.

Momentum was especially strong in our Cloud and Enterprise verticals, with Cloud orders growing nearly
30% year-over-year and Enterprise orders growing more than 20% year-over-year. While our Service
Provider orders slightly declined year-over-year, even here, the results exceeded our expectations. Near-
term visibility is strong. And given the momentum we're seeing, we now expect to grow our business 4%
to 5% in 2021 on a full year basis.

The success we're seeing is due in large part to deliberate actions we have taken to both strengthen
our portfolio and enhance our go-to-market organization. Our focus on leading the industry is delivering
simplified operations and a superior end-user experience, what we call, experience first networking
is resonating in the market and our deliberate focus on specific customer solutions is enabling us to
accelerate our success across the areas we serve.

We're seeing good early interest in Apstra, 128 Technology and Netrounds, which are not only
strengthening our position in several attractive end markets but also enhancing the success of the broader
Juniper portfolio. Our go-to-market organization is executing well and the investments we've made over
the last few years are paying off in the form of improved productivity, and customer diversity.

We're continuing to invest in both product differentiation and our go-to-market organization. I remain
confident these actions will not only position us to benefit from any potential improvement in end market
conditions but also to capture share at several large industry transitions unfold. There are several
opportunities that are beginning to play out where we feel strong about our position.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

First, the Enterprise transition to AI-driven cloud operations, where our Mist AI offering, which was
enhanced by the acquisition of 128 Technology, helps customers streamline operations, reduce cost and
optimize end-user experiences. This client-to-cloud differentiation is truly resonating. We believe the
Enterprise transition to AI-driven cloud architectures is likely to present a significant disruptive port in
the campus and branch networking market where we maintain significant sustainable advantages over
all competitive platforms. Second, is the Cloud and Service Provider transition to 400-gig systems where
we're continuing to see success both in wide area as well as data center use cases.

Our 400-gig solutions are highly competitive. And we remain optimistic in our ability to not only protect
our footprint but also to capture net new opportunities in hyperscale, Cloud major and Service Provider
accounts.

Last but not least, the Service Provider, 5G and metro markets which we view as a large opportunity that
is likely to see healthy growth over the next several years. We are playing to win in the service provider
vertical and believe our investments in automation technologies such as Netrounds and the introduction
of new metro-oriented solutions such as the award-winning ACXW7100 family should position us to gain
share in this attractive portion of the market, where historically, we've had limited presence.

I firmly believe we're taking share and that the investments we're making will position us to not only
capitalize on the big market opportunities that will unfold over the next few years, but also to see broader
market success that decreases our sensitivity to macro trends. We believe our plans will enable us to
emerge from the pandemic stronger than we entered and deliver sustainable top and bottom line growth
over the next several years.

Now I'd like to provide some additional insights into the quarter and address some of the key
developments we're seeing from a customer solutions perspective. Starting with our automated
WAN solutions, which saw strong double-digit revenue growth year-over-year and exceeded our own
expectations in Q1. We experienced strength with both our Service Provider and Cloud customers, each of
which delivered double-digit sales growth year-over-year.

We grew in all geographies year-over-year, and momentum is healthy entering the June period. In the
service provider vertical, our diversification strategy is continuing to yield positive results. And we remain
optimistic regarding the outlook for our Cloud Metro offerings, which combine our new ACX product with
our Paragon automation portfolio. We believe these solutions are highly competitive and well positioned to
win in one of the fastest-growing portions of the service provider routing market.

As I mentioned previously, we are playing to win in the service provider market. And I remain optimistic
regarding the outlook for our automated WAN solutions in this important vertical. I'd also like to highlight
that our automated WAN portfolio had particularly strong orders from our Cloud customers in Q1. While
our strength was across multiple hyperscale accounts, we also saw improved activity with our largest
Cloud customer following several quarters of softer demand.

Our Cloud pipeline remains strong, and we are optimistic regarding the outlook for our wide area
solutions, particularly in areas where we maintain incumbency and are well positioned to benefit for
400 gig tailwind that are likely to start ramping later this year. And for the year, We are confident in our
outlook for our automated WAN solution. We expect 2021 results to be slightly above the high end of the
long-term forecast rating we provided at our February Investor Day calling for a 1% decline to 3% growth.

While our cloud-ready data center solutions declined 10% year-over-year during Q1, orders grew nearly
30% year-over-year due to broad-based strength across our Cloud, Enterprise and Service Provider
customers. Win rates improved, and we saw a material increase in average deal size in the quarter. Apstra
exceeded our expectations and is already enabling us to win data center opportunities we likely wouldn't
have been able to secure if we hadn't completed the deal in January.

Customer interest in our cloud-ready data center portfolio is high and we remain optimistic regarding
the outlook for this business. While the Q1 revenue decline in our cloud-ready data center business was
almost entirely due to expected weakness at a single large customer, orders with this customer also
materially improved in the quarter and should positively impact results in future periods.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

For the year, we believe our cloud-ready data center business remains on track to achieve the long-term
forecast raise we highlighted at our Investor Day, looking for 5% to 9% growth despite the slow revenue
start to the year. Finally, our AI-driven Enterprise solutions experienced double-digit growth year-over-
year and exceeded expectations in the March quarter.

Our Mist AI differentiation continues to resonate in the market as new logos nearly doubled in Q1 and
Mist orders experienced another quarter of triple-digit growth with a record number of deals greater than
$1 million. Our Mistified business of wireless LAN, wired access, Marvis Virtual Network Assistance and
associated EX pull-through approximately doubled year-over-year. And we saw record EX pull-through in
Q1. In addition to strength with large Fortune 500 customers, we're also experiencing continued strength
in the channel and improved momentum with smaller commercial accounts, which highlights the value of
our AI-driven Enterprise offering to customers of all sizes and across all verticals.

We believe Mist AI continues to offer unique and market-leading differentiation resulting in the best user
and operator experiences. To enhance this leadership, we continue to bring new innovations to market
that should further accelerate our success in future periods. Some of the innovations we've recently
announced include the industry's first campus switch that's optimized for AI-driven Cloud operations, the
EX4400 which provides customers with ease of setup, best-in-class fabric management, security, scale and
AI-driven troubleshooting to find needle-in-haystack problems like misconfigured Gi-LANs and bad cables.

Add to that the Mistification of our SRX branch gateway, which allows automated onboarding and
configuration using Mist AI and the Cloud coupled with simple SD-Branch router and Security configuration
via the same platform as wired and wireless access. And the integration of 128 Technology Session Smart
routing with Mist, WAN assurance and virtual network assisted capabilities to deliver the industry's first AI-
driven SD-WAN solution, which includes customizable service level and proactive problem resolution on
top of the already unique Session Smart capabilities of Juniper's SD-WAN solution.

While it remains early, we're seeing strong customer interest in 128 Technology's Session Smart routing
capabilities in the field. We closed multimillion-dollar deals with managed service providers in Europe and
LatAm, had a significant expansion with a large global enterprise and won opportunities in the U.S. federal
vertical. We're excited about our Mistification of 128 Technology and are focusing our attention on sales
enablement and leveraging the Juniper go-to-market organization to accelerate 128 Technology's success.

I remain encouraged by the momentum we're seeing in this business and remain confident our AI-driven
Enterprise solutions are likely to see double-digit growth in 2021. Our security revenue experienced strong
results during the March quarter and orders exceeded expectations in the period.

Strength was especially notable in the high end of the market, although we saw growth across all
customer verticals and product families. We believe our connected security strategy is resonating in the
market and that the convergence of networking and security provides us with a competitive advantage in
the portions of the market where we are currently focused.

We're also benefiting from recent third-party validation, highlighting the superior efficacy of our products
from reputable firms such as Gartner, ICFA and Cyber ratings. We believe these dynamics will continue to
provide tailwinds in future quarters and should enable us to grow our security business during the current
year. Our software and related services revenue grew 7% in the March quarter and strong growth in our
ratable subscription offerings such as Mist and healthy uptake of our Flex on-box software offerings were
partially offset by lower sales of certain older products that carry a high-level perpetual software.

ARR grew 28% year-over-year in the period, driven by a combination of Mist subscriptions, ratable
security software offering and the related services associated with these software offerings. Software
orders were particularly strong in the quarter, rising more than 70% on a year-over-year basis due to
broad-based strength across verticals and use cases.

We're seeing ongoing strength in ratable subscription offerings and improved adoption of our on-box Flex
licenses, which are seeing traction across all of the customer verticals we serve. Based on the momentum
we're seeing, we remain optimistic regarding the outlook for our overall software business as well as the
long-term ARR targets we presented at our recent Investor Day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

I'd like to mention that our Services team delivered another solid quarter and continued to grow on a
year-over-year basis due to strong renewals and service attach rates. Our Services team continues to
execute extremely well to ensure our customers receive an excellent experience. I would like to extend my
thanks to our customers, partners and shareholders for their continued support and confidence in Juniper.
And I especially want to thank our employees for their hard work and dedication, which is essential to
creating value for our stakeholders.

I will now turn the call over to Ken, who will discuss our quarterly financial results in more detail.

Kenneth Bradley Miller
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Rami, and good afternoon, everyone. I will start by discussing our first quarter results and end
with some color on our outlook. We entered the first quarter of 2021 at $1.074 billion in revenue and non-
GAAP earnings per share of $0.30, both above the midpoint of our guidance. Revenue was up 8% year-
over-year, with growth across all verticals and geographies.

Looking at our revenue by vertical. On a year-over-year basis, Service Provider grew 17%; Cloud grew
3%; and Enterprise grew 1%. As expected, all verticals declined on a sequential basis. Orders were strong
in the first quarter, with growth in the mid-teens on a year-over-year basis, with particular strength in our
Cloud and Enterprise verticals. As we discussed at our Investor Day in February, this is the first quarter of
our updated revenue reported, pivoting from technology categories to customer solutions.

The customer solution categories our automated brand solutions, cloud-ready data center and AI-driven
Enterprise. As we have discussed, this change better aligns our revenue reporting to key growth drivers
that is aligned with our strategy. Looking at revenue by customer solutions, automated WAN solutions
increased 22% year-over-year, with both MX and PTX product families posting year-over-year growth.

Cloud-ready data center revenue decreased 10% year-over-year, while the timing of shipments impacted
revenue results, orders saw strong growth in the quarter. And finally, the driven Enterprise revenue
increased 12% versus last year. Our Mist and EX product families both grew year-over-year. As Rami
mentioned, total software and related services revenue was $143 million, an increase of 7% year-over-
year. And our annual recurring revenue, or ARR, grew 28% year-over-year.

Total security revenue, which includes security products as well as services related to our security
solutions was $163 million, an increase of 11% year-over-year. In reviewing our top 10 customers for the
quarter, 5 were Cloud; 4 were Service Provider; and 1 was an Enterprise. Our top 10 customers accounted
for 31% of our total revenue as compared to 33% in Q1 2020.

Non-GAAP gross margin was 59.3%, which was above the midpoint of our guidance, primarily due to
higher revenue. If it weren't for the pandemic-related elevated logistics and other supply chain-related
costs, we would have posted non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 60%. Non-GAAP operating
expenses increased 3% year-over-year and 2% sequentially, in line with our guidance range.

Non-GAAP operating margin was 12.1% for the quarter which exceeded our expectations. We exited
the quarter with total cash, cash equivalents and investments of $1.8 billion. The sequential decline was
primarily due to the repurchase of our remaining debt that was refinanced last quarter and the cash
outflows associated with the acquisition of Apstra. Cash flow from operations was $180 million.

From a capital return perspective, we paid $65 million in dividends, reflecting a quarterly dividend of
$0.20 per share and repurchased $125 million worth of shares in the first quarter. Turning to our guidance.
As I'm sure you are aware, there is a worldwide shortage of semiconductors impacting many industries.
Similar to others, we are experiencing ongoing supply constraints which have resulted in extended lead
times. We have invested to strengthen our supply chain and have increased inventory levels over the
course of the last year.

We continue to work closely with our suppliers to further enhance our resiliency and many case disruptions
outside of our control. Despite these actions, we believe extended lead times will likely persist for the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

next few quarters. While the situation is dynamic, at this point in time, we believe we will have access to
efficient semiconductor supply to meet our full year financial forecast.

Looking specifically at the second quarter. At the midpoint of guidance, revenue is expected to be up
5% year-over-year. We expect to see sequential growth across our Cloud and Enterprise verticals, while
Service Provider is expected to remain approximately flat. We expect our second quarter non-GAAP gross
margins to benefit from higher volume and incremental software mix, which should more than offset
unfavorable product mix trends and potentially higher component costs related to supply constraints.

We expect non-GAAP operating expense to increase sequentially, primarily due to the investments we
are making to take advantage of future market opportunities. Moving on to our expectations for 2021.
We have updated our full year revenue growth and profitability expectations to account for the upside we
expect to experience in the first half of 2021. We now expect full year revenue growth of approximately
4% to 5%, a point of which is expected to come from recently acquired assets.

Our revised top line outlook is 100 basis points higher than our previous expectation of 3% to 4%. From
a vertical perspective, for 2021, Enterprise revenue is expected to grow the fastest; Cloud is expected to
grow towards the high end of our long-term model range; and Service Provider is now expected to be flat
to slightly up versus last year.

At this time, our revenue and non-GAAP earnings expectations remain unchanged for the second half of
the year relative to the forecast we provided during our Q4 2020 earnings call. While non-GAAP gross
margin can be difficult to predict, we continue to expect non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately
60%, consistent with what we said on our Q4 2020 earnings call, as well as at our February 2021 Investor
Day.

We expect full year non-GAAP gross margin to benefit from higher volume, improved service margin and
incremental software mix, which should more than offset unfavorable product mix trends and potentially
higher component costs related to supply constraints. Full year non-GAAP operating margin is now
expected to be flat to slightly up versus 2020 levels. We expect non-GAAP OI&E to remain near Q2 2021
levels through the course of the year.

In closing, I'd like to thank our team for their continued dedication and commitment to Juniper's success,
especially in this challenging environment.
Now I'd like to open the call for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I guess I wanted to dig into this order volume in a couple of ways. One, maybe, Ken, you could talk about
book-to-bill? Or could you give us a book-to-bill number? And then secondly, more qualitatively, the
software orders that are so strong, could you guys dive into a little bit of color on that? What particular
things are driving that? Is it Mist? Or just give us some prioritization of where those software orders are
coming from.

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Thanks for the question, Rod. Let me start with the software, and then I'll pass it over to Ken. So
obviously, very pleased with the momentum in our software business, 70% year-over-year growth in
orders particularly pleased with ARR momentum at 28% year-over-year. So the way we're running the
business right now is with an intense focus on our customer solutions, AI-driven enterprise, cloud-ready
data center and automated WAN.

Each of these solutions has an embedded and a meaningful software component that we have invested
in that drives significant differentiation in the market, and that ultimately delivers on our strategy of
experience-first networking. So you can't sell an AI-driven enterprise solution without actually also selling
a meaningful software component along with it. That is what is driving the momentum, especially in off-
box software offerings like Mist.

And then I know it's early, but increasingly in solutions like Apstra as well. In addition to that is the Flex
licensing model. This is a really simple on-box licensing model that gives customers the flexibility to
choose what particular features and scale they want, along with the traditional systems that they deploy in
their network.

So that combination is working very well for us. I feel very good about our ability to achieve our long-term
targets that we provided to you in the recent analyst event. And I think we're going to continue to see
good solid momentum in the software space.

Kenneth Bradley Miller
Executive VP & CFO

And I'll just add on the software side, you did see very strong bookings growth of 70-plus percent. You
see revenue was at 7%. The delta there, if it's not obvious, it's really mostly in our backlog where we did
book some software orders that we haven't yet shipped or fulfilled. And also, there is a growing piece of
deferred software revenue, which actually shows up predominantly in our service deferred revenue.

So we are seeing some of the bookings, even when we fulfill it, it doesn't show up in revenue right away
as it gets recognized over time, and that's really our ARR business, which is also a very strong grower for
us this quarter. From a book-to-bill perspective, we don't disclose the number, Rob, but I could tell you
it's clearly over 1. I mean we grew backlog both year-over-year and sequentially. We don't typically grow
backlog sequentially in Q1. This is something that due to the kind of unexpected order strength that we
saw, the mid-teens orders growth really resulted in a backlog growth quarter for us and a book-to-bill
greater than 1.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with Evercore.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I guess I have one question and a follow-up. On the Enterprise side, maybe to start with, it appears that
your solutions, especially wrapped with Mist, is resonating well with customers. But as I think about the
positivity that you have around Enterprise, is there a way to think about how much of that is really driven
by a cyclical upshift given budget getting better on the enterprise side versus perhaps share gain that
Juniper's seeing versus their -- versus incumbents?

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, I have no doubt in the Enterprise we're taking share, and it's on the back of some really
meaningful and differentiated solutions and technologies that we've introduced into the market. And in
the Enterprise space, there might be some COVID-related test tailwinds in some areas of the Enterprise,
but there are a lot of headwinds in certain segments of the Enterprise. And I think the team has done a
phenomenal job of pivoting rapidly to focus in areas where the Enterprise spending is going to be more
COVID resilient and then add to that the differentiation that we've built both organically and inorganically.

And AI-driven enterprise, really, powered by Mist double-digit growth [ in ] pretty much every customer
vertical. New logos are growing very rapidly at 2x year-over-year, a record number of million-dollar deals.
Like I said, I'm very confident that this is share-taking growth.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Got it. And then if I could just follow up on the supply chain side. I think you implied that 70 basis point
margin headwind from logistics supply chain issues in the quarter. How do you see that number kind
of stack up as you go through the year? And then did you have any revenue that you left on the table
because of supply chain issues as well?

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Before I let Ken answer that specific question, I just want to say, this is a worldwide shortage that's
affecting practically every tech company across all industries. So what Juniper is experiencing, I don't
think is unique. Having said that, I have a lot of confidence in the strength of our supply chain team. I
think they're navigating the current situation phenomenally well.

And as Ken mentioned in his prepared remarks, where you've invested in our supply chain really
starting over a year ago, that's helping us right now. So there's no doubt there are going to be some
challenges that we need to work around. But I have a lot of confidence in the strength of the team and
the relationships that we have with our suppliers and pulling through this. And Ken, why don't you provide
some additional color?

Kenneth Bradley Miller
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And as you mentioned, the impact in Q1 was about 70 basis points, and that is predominantly
logistics and kind of some of the COVID-related costs that we've been talking about the last couple of
quarters. And the freight cost we're paying per kilogram are still significantly elevated versus pre-COVID
levels.

We expect that to be maintained for the next couple of quarters. It's going to -- it's difficult to predict
when that's going to normalize, but I do expect that to normalize eventually. But I do think it's going
to take a few more quarters for that to normalize. In addition to that, we are starting to factor in some
potential cost from a component perspective due to the supply constraints that we've mentioned before.

So we have factored in some cost, component cost increase into our current forecast. We still believe 60%
is the right target for us on a full year basis for this year despite some of these incremental costs. But it's

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

something we're watching very closely, and we'd obviously be managing it aggressively as we have been.
And we'll continue to keep you guys updated as we go. There is a fair amount of uncertainty there. But
based on our current expectations, we feel that the 60% target that we have for the year still holds true.

From a revenue loss perspective, we are seeing extended lead times So that means an order that we
would book might not be recognized in the same period as it would have otherwise. However, we feel that
the revenue result that we just posted in Q1, the guidance we just put out there for Q2's quite strong
based on the demand strength that we're seeing, and we feel good about our ability to procure the supply
we need to hit our revenue forecast.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Simon Leopold with Raymond James.

Simon Matthew Leopold
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

First, I wanted to see if maybe you could unpack your cloud vertical a little bit. And where I'm going with
this question is we've gotten the impression that you tend to be disproportionately stronger in what's often
called Tier 2, Tier 3 as opposed to hyperscale. Is there some insight you can offer to help us understand
the dynamics of maybe breaking up that cloud vertical?

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Yes, Simon, thanks for the question. Our position in the cloud vertical, including hyperscale is actually
quite unique. The share that we have with hyperscale routing, in particular, is second to none in the
industry, I believe. So the strength that we saw in Q1 was actually very broad-based. Certainly, hyperscale
contributed to that momentum. And the nice thing about the hyperscale momentum that we're seeing
right now is that it's not just about 1 or even 2 accounts. It's fairly well distributed, a good amount of
diversification within hyperscale.

After that, the Cloud majors, which are the smaller cloud providers, international cloud providers that have
also contributed to that momentum. So in Q1, we saw double-digit growth in routing, again, based on the
footprint that we enjoy. Switching was down, but only because of a particular use case in one customer
that's essentially a wide area use case. I've actually talked about this in the last 1 or 2 earnings calls.

But I will note here that even in that use case, we've now started to see a resumption of spend by our
large customer that deploys it in this manner. And then orders up 30%, nearly 30% year-over-year, again,
is indicative of the position that we have. I mean, I think the way you should look at cloud providers today
is, there is certainly competition that's happening for future build-outs, especially 400 gig. I feel very good
about the competitive nature of our solutions, the engagements with our cloud provider customers that
I think will bode well for us in the future, especially as you get into the second half of this year and next
year.

But then to benefit from the investments to hyperscale and the broader cloud major customers have
today, you need to have the footprint and we have the footprint.

Simon Matthew Leopold
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

And just to -- sorry, go ahead, Ken.

Kenneth Bradley Miller
Executive VP & CFO

All right, Simon. I just wanted to clarify in aggregate. So if you look at our cloud vertical in aggregate, our
hyperscale number is the larger piece. It's bigger than our Tier 2, Tier 3 or cloud majors piece. But it is
predominantly, as Rami mentioned, it's the wider re-networking use cases. It's our routing footprint that
we've enjoyed there for so many years.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Where we're seeing growth on the cloud majors or the Tier 2, Tier 3 side is really in the data center side.
And that's where we're seeing more mix towards switching and our cloud-ready data center solutions to
the Tier 2, Tier 3. And we're obviously trying to break into the hyperscale and data center side. But right
now, our footprint is predominantly on the automated WAN solutions.

Simon Matthew Leopold
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Great. Appreciate that. Just as my follow-up, I wanted to see if we could talk a little bit about your
intentions in terms of market share on the Enterprise campus, both switching and wireless LAN. What's
a realistic expectation for how many points of market share do you think you could take in a year? And
what's your objective? Is your sort of goal to get to a 10% level in some time? Help us understand the
milestones we should look for.

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Yes. Well, I think we're focusing on areas of the campus and branch market that are fastest growing,
that I think will see the quickest recovery post COVID. And even now, where there are some meaningful
headwinds in certain segments of the Enterprise because of COVID, we're doing really well. And I think,
again, this is -- as a result of the significant differentiation that we have in the market.

And I would also just add that, that differentiation is very difficult to replicate. I mean we now have
5 years of AI-driven solution building and learning that's happened in the market. That's given our
capabilities, really some solid differentiation. This is going to be the fastest-growing vertical for Juniper.
Enterprise all-up and campus is a very significant component of the enterprise. And as a result of that, we
have been taking share over the last several years. And I think we're going to continue to take meaningful
share going forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.

Joseph Lima Cardoso
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

This is Joe Cardoso on for Samik Chatterjee. My first question is just on the service provider vertical. It's
sounding much better than when you guys last spoke on it. So first of all, is that a fair comment? And if
so, can you help us understand what is driving the improved outlook and visibility there?

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Yes, I'd be happy to. So obviously, delighted with the Service Provider momentum in Q1, strong revenue
performance. Now partially explained by a need to compare relative to last year. But I would say that it did
exceed our expectations, including from an order standpoint. And what I really like about our performance
in the Service Provider space is the diversity, both from the standpoint of geography. This is not a North
America phenomenon or a European phenomenon, it's broad-based across every geography.

The diversity of solutions and technologies, so we're seeing strength in routing, as you would expect, but
we're also seeing strength in security as service providers gear up for 5G deployments. Platforms, MX
has always been a workhorse in the Service Provider space. And we continue to invest in new LAN cards,
new software capabilities. But we're starting to see some good PTX momentum and solid 400-gig wins in
competitive bids with service providers.

And last but not least, I will add that Tier 1 spending, Tier 1 U.S. Service Provider spending has actually
been weak over the last year or so, as we've outlined in previous earnings calls, but we've actually seen
a bit more, let's say, signs of life or resumption in spending by some Tier 1 operators as well, which is
encouraging. Add to that, the differentiation. We've introduced, just in the Q1 time frame, our Paragon

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

automation suite, and this really addresses a real need in the market for the types of tools that customers
are looking for, for planning and provisioning and insights and assurance.

And then we also launched our Cloud Metro strategy, which is really our big push into the metro space and
announced 2 new ACX metro platforms and in fact shipped one of them already, the ACX7100, which is
a 5G-ready high-density, high-capacity solution to address the future of 5G metro build-outs, and that's
a net new opportunity for Juniper. So we've traditionally not had any meaningful presence here, but we
expect us to contribute to our revenue performance over the next few years. So it's for that reason that
we're now tracking up to the high end of our long-term model for this full year 2021.

Kenneth Bradley Miller
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Joe, as you heard in our prepared remarks, we did bring the full year outlook up from a revenue
perspective. It was 3% to 4% earlier in the year. Now we're up to 4% to 5% on a full year basis. The
vertical that actually came up the most was our service provider vertical. We were talking before about it
being further stabilization.

If you recall, 2020, We were down 4% on a full year basis, and we thought we would get closer to 0 this
year from negative 4 to something closer to 0. That's the further stabilization. We're now calling SP based
on the strength of the first half to be flat to slightly up. on a full year basis, which, as Rami mentioned, is
more in line with our long-term model, actually the high end of our long-term model, whereas previously
we were kind of tracking towards the low end. So we are seeing some strength in SP, particularly here in
the first half.

Joseph Lima Cardoso
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I appreciate the color on that. And then my second question is just on the acquisitions. You spent a lot of
time in the prepared remarks highlighting the different acquisitions you recently completed in contributing
the better outlook, in part due to them. I guess just kind of diving in there, is there a particular acquisition
that you guys would highlight as driving a better outlook? Or has it been more broad-based? Any color
would be appreciated.

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Yes. Well, so we recently crossed the 2-year anniversary since the close of Mist. And that continues to do
phenomenally well for us. And Mist is no longer a WiFi solution. Mist is an architectural approach that's
cloud-delivered AI-powered solution to everything from client to cloud. And what we're seeing is the
business all-up under the Mist umbrella doing incredibly well, right?

Like I said, doubling new logos, record number of million dollar deals, et cetera. The other acquisitions
are still a little bit newer, so it's still earlier, but I'm very encouraged based on what I'm seeing thus far.
Apstra, as an example, has seen early interest from many customers. The pipeline is very solid. And it's
clear that there are many customers out there that are looking for the ability to deploy private cloud but
are fearful of the operational complexity of private cloud.

And Apstra provides the best solution that's truly multi-vendor. So it's not just working on top of Juniper
underlay, but any vendor's underlay solution to provide that seamless, easy, intent-based private cloud
experience. There is a need in the market and I firmly believe we have the best technology for it right
now.

128 Technology, again, there, the Mistification of that technology under the Mist umbrella is happening
very rapidly.

So we're introducing more and more capabilities. The second half of the year is going to be really
important for wrapping up that solution. But even on a stand-alone basis, we're closing multimillion-dollar
deals with managed service providers. We're seeing expansions of existing franchises that we have with

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

128 Technology. Federal government is especially interested in the security aspects of 128 Technology. So
even though it's early, I'm actually quite optimistic about what we're seeing thus far.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.

Jacob Michael Wilhelm
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

This is Jake Wilhelm on for Aaron. First of all, congrats on a great quarter. I was wondering if you
could talk a little bit about your visibility into your customers' inventory levels and maybe how that has
changed?

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

I'm sorry, you broke up a little bit there. Jake, could you repeat the question on...

Jacob Michael Wilhelm
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Sorry about that. I was wondering if you could talk about visibility into your cloud customers' inventory
levels and how that has changed?

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Got it. So yes, I mean, with our Cloud customers first, the momentum since the beginning of the year has
been phenomenal. It's always difficult to predict Cloud demand on a quarter-by-quarter basis. However,
I would say that if you take a look at how their businesses are doing, I haven't seen the latest headlines
today, but I suspect they're doing quite well. And I suspect they're going to continue to do quite well, and
they cannot fuel that business without ongoing investments in their networks.

So if the sort of the thrust of the question here is, is there demand that's happening within the cloud
provider space that's trying to get ahead of some of the supply constraints in the industry? I believe that,
yes, there's probably some of that that's happening right now, but I don't believe that's the only thing
that's happening.

I think we've executed well. We preserved our footprint within the Cloud vertical. We've engaged as
partners to our cloud customers. It's been broad-based across hyperscale and the cloud majors. And it's
for that reason that we now expect the full year in the cloud to be more on the high end of our long-term
model.

Kenneth Bradley Miller
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And just as a reminder, we saw bookings growth in the cloud vertical, nearly 30%. Revenue was at
a 3% clip. So clearly, we're building some backlog in this -- with the cloud vertical as well. We expect
revenue to be up sequentially and from a cloud perspective.

Jacob Michael Wilhelm
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. And then maybe kind of as a follow-up, I know you touched on this a little bit earlier, but could you
talk about any inflationary pressures you're seeing in new component pricing?

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Yes. So at this point, it is really difficult to predict. We're obviously working with our suppliers. We have
long-term contracts, in many cases, long-term pricing contracts, et cetera. So we're not expecting it to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

be, I would say, super material. However, we are expecting there to be some impact, and we are factoring
that into our long-term loss at this point. But it is early. It's something we're adapting on a regular basis.
We do think it could have some impact. It probably will have some impact. We don't think it's going to be
enough to take us off our full year gross margin target of 60% at this point.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Tim Long with Barclays.

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Two questions, if I could. Rami, maybe you could update us. I think Ken mentioned something about the
strength in the cloud vertical and still looking for some of those 400-gig wins in the hyperscaler. So could
you kind of update us on progress there? And maybe if you could just work in kind of what you're seeing
across that customer base and the rest of the customer base as far as white boxing as a risk?

And then secondly, on the service provider side, Could you talk a little bit about the competitive
landscape? Obviously, Huawei does have some struggles and Nokia seems to be struggling a little bit as
well across their businesses. So can you talk about, in the context of a favorable industry backdrop, how
you see kind of competitive advantages at this point?

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Sure, Tim. So let's start with the Cloud provider space, in particular, 400-gig. Things are progressing very
well on 400 gig. I feel increasingly confident that we're going to be able to win 400-gig footprint. And this
is a broad remark across both the hyperscale Cloud providers as well as the Tier 2, 3 or the cloud -- major
cloud providers as well.

Now that the competitive solutions are out in the market, the competitive bake-offs are happening, we
sort of get a good feel of what's out there and how the differentiation we had hoped to achieve is actually
faring out with practical testing, and I feel good. I mean, let's just say that. We're winning, especially in
wide area use cases, and this is across both the hyperscale as well as the smaller cloud providers.

And then even in the data center, we've won 400-gig data center use cases, We're not yet ready to
announce a hyperscale 400-gig data center win at this point. But we're going to continue to aggressively
go after the full market that's out there, both wide area and data center.

And on the SP competitive front, there -- our solutions, our strategy is very much based on the strength
and the merits of our own products, our wide area of capabilities, our automation capabilities and I feel
very good about that.

We've listened closely to our customers. We understand what they want. And I think we were delivering
solutions and have delivered solutions that addresses their biggest needs and requirements.

With the Huawei sort of issue that's out there and whether that presents an opportunity for us, the
answer is yes. I think we do see some opportunities right now, the result of some concerns about Huawei.
They're going to sort of play out in time. This is never going to be a sort of an overnight thing. Share shift
typically happens in time frames of years. But the good news is we do see that there are opportunities and
customers that are rethinking some of the decisions that they have made in specific geographies around
the world.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley.

Meta A. Marshall
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Great. I just wanted to ask about the security kind of segment that you alluded to. I mean just in -- I
guess, how far integrated or how far down the pipeline are you in integrating 128 into kind of the portfolio
so that it could be kind of a cross-sell across missed in the Enterprise portfolio? And then just would the
Security portfolio have grown year-over-year without the inclusion of 128?

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Yes. So let me start, and then, Ken, you can add some more color on the specific question. So 128 has
become an integral part of our AI-driven Enterprise strategy, which is really around everything from client
to cloud, with ease of automation, simplicity of day-to-day provisioning and there is a security architecture
element to this. Because it provides visibility into applications, it integrates seamlessly with our on-
prem security offering. And then over time, as we introduce more cloud-based security offerings that will
integrate seamlessly with that.

And so that has been -- still early days with 128 Technology. But as I mentioned, the win rate is solid. The
customer interest is solid. The pipeline that's being built is solid. And I have a lot of confidence that this is
going to be a successful acquisition in the long term.

Kenneth Bradley Miller
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Security, all up, which includes product and services grew 11% in the quarter. Products actually grew
better -- more than services. Services had modest growth products actually was driving most of that,
above 1% growth. And yes, it would have grown without 128T. In fact, all 3 of the recent acquisitions,
Apstra, 128T as well as Netrounds, accounted for less than 10% of revenue in the quarter. On track to
the full year plan, we expect them to be about 1 point in aggregate of growth for Juniper, so call it $45
million or so in total revenue for the year. So we're on track for that, but Q1 was less than $10 million as
expected.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of George Notter with Jefferies.

George Charles Notter
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I realize this is probably a relatively small part of your revenue stream, but I wanted to ask about your
exposure in the rural broadband market, obviously, lots and lots of new stimulus dollars coming into that
space, certainly need there. I think, in terms of the WAN piece and the routing piece. Can you just talk
about what percentage of sales might be coming from that end market, and how you might see that
growing going forward?

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Yes. I don't even know we have that figure off the top of our head, maybe Ken can pull something up.
But I'll tell you this, we've actually had, over the last 2 years or so, as part of the sales restructuring that
we did, the deliberate focus on Tier 2, Tier 3 service providers, with an eye on tapping into some of the
broadband sort of rural stimulus dollars that are coming -- that are making their way into the market.

So there's no doubt that Biden's infrastructure deal, if it actually manages the pass, is going to present
some opportunities for us. And I think we're well prepared for it. It really is -- it's not a matter of
technology. We've got the goods. We've got the product. We have the solutions, automation, in fact,
becomes especially important for the rural areas where typically, you're going to start to deal with a lot
more density of products in sparse geographical areas. But I think it's just a matter of sort of seeing the
stimulus dollars actually weave their way into actual spending.

Kenneth Bradley Miller
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Yes. Unfortunately, we do not break out our business, our automated WAN solutions business in that
way, so we can't share with you our numbers. But as Rami mentioned, we're focused on diversifying that
business, and we've seen tremendous success over the last couple of years diversifying. And I think we'll
continue to do that going forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Sami Badri with Crédit Suisse.

Ahmed Sami Badri
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

One thing that, Ken, I think in your prepared remarks, you talked about the cloud growth and that the
new guide. I may have misheard you, but you said that the way it's trending is coming in at the higher
end of your long-term growth model for the cloud customer.

And I know you kind of gave some granular data points regarding the revenue outlook and the service
provider flat to slightly up kind of -- I think that was the messaging you used. Could you just kind of give
us the same kind of dynamic or unpack it for cloud so we could just get a better idea on what that vector
looks like as it pertains to the company?

Kenneth Bradley Miller
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Absolutely. So at Investor Day, we talked about cloud, the long-term mode of our cloud being plus
1% to 5%, so 1% to 5% growth on a kind of a 3-year CAGR basis or a long-term model basis. This year,
we actually expect to be at the high end of that range. So we're thinking closer to the 4% to 5% range,
the higher end of that 1% to 5% based on the strength we're seeing at the start of the year.

Previously for cloud, our previous guidance for the year was just it would be growth, right? And now we're
actually quantifying it to the high end of that kind of 1% to 5% range. That's a change from 90 days ago.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of David Vogt with UBS.

David Vogt
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

And if you guys covered this, I apologize, my line went off a little bit. Can you -- Ken or Rami, can you
kind of touch on the contribution from the acquisitions in the first quarter? And where did that show
up? I'm assuming most of it showed up in the Enterprise segment, and it sounds like it was somewhere
between $5 million and $10 million.

And then just as a quick follow-up. I'll just lay it out there. I think about sort of the commentary for the
full year guidance, does it imply based on your Cloud and Service Provider commentary that sort of the
back half of the year Enterprise revenue growth should be sort of double digits. Is that sort of what you're
intimating by sort of the guidance that you've laid out there?

Kenneth Bradley Miller
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So on the acquisition front, I mean, we -- for Q1, the revenue was less than $10 million in aggregate,
in line with our expectations for the quarter. So we're off to a strong start. But Q1 was less than $10
million, so relatively immaterial. Most of that would have showed up in Enterprise, given the customers
-- sorry, the products predominantly being cloud-ready data center and AI-driven Enterprise-oriented
revenue products.

We're still on track for the full year to get to a 1% aggregate growth, so call it $45 million, give or take,
for the year from a revenue perspective. And we do think these acquisitions, as we said before, will be
dilutive in FY '21 by about $0.05 And that's something that we expect to correct here in the second half

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

and actually be accretive here in 2022. So while they're a bit of a drag on overall earnings this year, we
expect them to enable us to expand margins by -- in 2022 and beyond.

Second part of your question, I'm sorry. One was about the acquisitions? What was the second part of
your question?

David Vogt
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

When I think about the rest of the guidance, does that imply sort of enterprise revenue growth of sort of
double digits in the back half of this year given sort of where cloud will be in terms of either for the rest of
the year?

Kenneth Bradley Miller
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean, so enterprise, we expect to be our fastest-growing vertical. I think if you do the math,
you're going to get to kind of the numbers you're talking about, but we expect it to be our fastest growing
vertical. We do believe AI-driven Enterprise will be double-digit growth, Cloud-ready data center, we talked
about being towards the middle of the long-term model, which is kind of high single-digit growth, and
those are predominantly Enterprise, although we obviously sell those solutions to Service Provider as well
as Cloud.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Alex Henderson with Needham.

Alexander Henderson
Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division

When you guys started talking about this, you spent a fair amount of time talking about how it generates
upsell into other products and pulls through a multiple of the initial sale over time. I haven't really heard
much update on that. In fact, if anything, the last quarter seemed like it had been at the lower end of the
multiple benefit.

Can you talk a little bit about what kind of upsell you're seeing? And I get it that it's become an
architectural sale. But to what extent that there's an upsell, around what has traditionally been more
standardized products like rack-able switches and so forth?

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

Yes. Let me start, and then maybe, Ken, you can add some more color. Honestly, I'm scratching my head
a little bit about where your comments around sort of slowdown, because we don't see anything of that
nature in this -- in the AI-driven Enterprise where Mist plays. I just mention in my prepared remarks
that if you take a look at orders for Mist all-up, that includes all Mist products, right? The wireless, wired
switching, associated software capabilities, it doubled on a year-over-year basis.

And it's no longer a small business for Juniper. I mean, really, it's now starting to contribute meaningfully.
The innovation is phenomenal here. I mean the pace of innovation. We just announced and launched, in
fact, and we'll ship very shortly if we haven't already. And you breathe of campus wired switch in the form
of EX4400, which is our first true cloud-native Mist optimized wired switch that's intended for rapid fast
adoption, Zero Touch Provisioning, all the aspects of the Mist solution that you've come to expect and love
in their access points now applying to this next-generation wired solution.

And that's just us really pouring fuel on the fire of the AI-driven business that's essentially powered
entirely by Mist today.

Kenneth Bradley Miller
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Yes. I would just add that we mentioned in the prepared remarks that our EX pull-through related to Mist
was actually a record in Q1. So the amount of EX that we're selling because of the Mist, kind of, solution
is actually at all-time high. And we're obviously continuing to sell more subscriptions as well. And the
subscriptions, they don't show open revenue either way. Obviously, they're recognized ratably over time.

So a big part of our ARR growth that we mentioned at 28% is also very much tied to the full Mist solution,
not just necessarily the WiFi. So in aggregate, we talked about, at Investor Day, that we think the lifetime
value of the kind of the pull-through, if you will, the non-wireless LAN solution is about 2.5x of the WiFi
business. So that's something that -- we're still in the very early innings of that.

We're still leading largely with Mist itself and then pulling through the rest of the solution. But as we see
the lifetime value and these customers continue to grow with EX and other parts of the portfolio, we feel
confident in that kind of 2.5x ratio that we put out there.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Paul Silverstein with Cowen.

Paul Jonas Silverstein
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

A question for Ken, a question for Rami or both of you. Our account gross margin It doesn't -- if you
already said, I apologize, but from what I read, it doesn't sound like there's been a change in your
guidance. But if I go back to the last quarter, you did sound more constructive looking out beyond this
year. Any change in your thinking about where gross margin can go and in what time frame?

Kenneth Bradley Miller
Executive VP & CFO

So you're right, we have not changed our guidance for gross margin. We did change our guidance for
revenue. We increased it by 1 point. And we're not bringing gross margin up. And typically, you would
expect with volume, you would see some increase in gross margin. And some of the reason for that, Paul,
is some of these supplies constraints, some of these semiconductor shortages. We're factoring in some
incremental costs.

And quite honestly, there's still some uncertainty there. So I just want to -- at this point, we're keeping
our margin targets the same. Beyond this year, I think on things we control like software mix and
optimization within our services organization, et cetera, I feel very good.

That said, some of the things that I have less control on, whether it be COVID-related, freight costs or
even some of these semiconductor shortages, it makes it very cloudy. So at this point, we have really no
update beyond this year. We expect to be able to manage to the 60% target for this year. But beyond that,
really no change to our outlook at this point.

Rami Rahim
CEO & Director

And Paul, did you have -- I think Paul said he has a question for me, but maybe we lost him already.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of today's question-and-answer session. I would like to
turn this call back over for closing remarks. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your
participation. Enjoy the rest of your evening.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 27, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

