Kellogg Company NYSE:K
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 04, 2021 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.03

Revenue  (mm)

3431.44

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-04-2021 1:07 PM GMT

0.93

3542.65

4.07

4.16

14020.43

14208.18

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.88

0.88

1.05

1.03

0.91

0.86

1.11

1.14

3.41 %

(2.27 %)

5.71 %

10.68 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
KELLOGG COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal
Financial Officer

John P. Renwick
Vice President of Investor
Relations & Corporate Planning

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

ANALYSTS

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Laurent Daniel Grandet
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Pamela Kaufman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the Kellogg Company's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator
Instructions]

At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate
Planning for Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.

John P. Renwick
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Planning

Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for a review of our third quarter 2021 results as well
as an update regarding our outlook for the full year 2021. I'm joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our
Chairman and CEO; and Amit Banati, our Chief Financial Officer.

Slide #3 shows our forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made
today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance are forward-looking statements.
Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning
factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the third slide of this presentation as well
as to our public SEC filings. This is a particular note during the current COVID-19 pandemic and supply
and labor disruptions when the length and severity of these issues and resultant economic and business
impacts are so difficult to predict.

A recording of today's webcast and supporting documents will be archived for at least 90 days on the
Investor page of kelloggcompany.com. As always, when referring to our results and outlook, unless
otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on an organic basis for net sales and on a currency neutral
adjusted basis for operating profit and earnings per share.

And now I'll turn it over to Steve.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I hope you and your families are doing well. After all, we are
still managing through a pandemic and still nowhere close to what any of us would call life as normal.
This is certainly true from a business perspective as well. Therefore, we remain focused on keeping our
employees safe and aiding our communities is more important than ever. We also continue to supply
the world with food, but as we and all companies have discussed previously, this has gotten extremely
challenging.

Importantly, we remain on our strategy, Deploy for Balanced Growth, which is depicted on Slide #6. This
strategy continues to keep us on our path for steady, balanced financial returns for shareowners. We also
continue to make progress on Better Days, our ESG-oriented program. A few Better Days highlights from
quarter 3 are shared on Slide #7.

This remains a critical element of our strategy, a clear focus of management and a part of the DNA
of Kellogg Company, and we have not lost sight of this during the current pandemic and business
environment. And there is no question that today's business environment is as challenging as we've ever
seen it. Our organization has risen to all of these challenges using creativity, skills and work ethic to
manage through them.

Slide #8 attempts to categorize these challenges into 3 basic buckets. First, we're all familiar with
the surges in market prices for commodities, packaging and freight, all the result of supply-demand
imbalances that may take some time to work out. We're working hard to mitigate the margin impacts of
these high costs, from our active hedging program, which has given us strong visibility into our commodity
costs, to mitigating cost pressures with productivity initiatives and revenue growth management actions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Second, by now, we're also all aware of the economy-wide bottlenecks and shortages that are not only
pushing costs higher, but are also making it very difficult to supply the market. Here's where our supply
chain's control tower approach has provided us agility in addressing shortages and gaps in materials,
equipment and land and ocean freight. We've also taken actions to reduce complexity in our portfolio and
operations.

And third, we are seeing acute shortages in labor across all spectrums of the economy. This is resulting in
absenteeism, high turnover, difficulty maintaining temporary labor and, for some of us, even labor strikes.
To address this, we've had to recruit continuously, and we've executed contingency plans to sustain as
much supply as possible in the face of open positions and work stoppages. Simply put, we are taking
important actions to manage through today's unprecedented environment.

And through it all, we're executing well in market and delivering balanced financial growth, which
continued in quarter 3 and is discussed on Slide #9. Consumption growth remains elevated, as measured
on a 2-year compound annual growth basis even if it continues to decelerate as expected. We're seeing
particularly strong consumption growth and share performance in many of our biggest, world-class
brands. And we continue to sustain strong momentum in our emerging markets. This momentum has been
evident for the past few years and reflects our improved geographic footprint, the strength of our portfolio,
our efforts to broaden our offerings into affordable price points and our local route to market and supply
chains.

From a financial standpoint, these factors led to continued balanced growth, strong organic net sales
growth, strong operating profit growth, strong earnings per share growth and cash flow that remains
well above pre-COVID 2019 levels. So in spite of all the operating challenges, we continue to deliver. And
today, we are even raising our full year guidance for net sales to reflect momentum in the business. At
the same time, we are also reaffirming our guidance for operating profit, earnings per share and cash flow
despite a worsened cost and labor and supply environment.

I'm sure you can appreciate that even holding guidance amidst these kinds of challenges speaks to the
kind of dependability we strive for, regardless of business conditions. Let me now turn it over to Amit, so
he can take you through our financial results and outlook in more detail.

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Our financial results for the third quarter are summarized on
Slide #11. As you can see, we delivered strong organic basis net sales growth of 5% in quarter 3 on top of
similar growth in the year earlier period. This came in better than anticipated due to exceptional growth in
Europe and AMEA.

Currency-neutral adjusted basis operating profit increased by 11% year-on-year. This was driven by
the strong top line growth as well as lapping a year-ago quarter in which incremental brand-building
investment had been shifted from earlier quarters. Currency-neutral adjusted basis earnings per share
increased by 18% as strong operating profit growth was augmented by a decrease in average shares
outstanding. And cash flow, while still below last year's unusual pandemic-related surge, remained well
above the pre-pandemic 2019 level. In total, a very strong financial performance.

Let's examine these results in a little more detail. We'll start with net sales on Slide #12. As you can
see, the net sales growth in quarter 3 was driven by both volume and price/mix. The 1% plus organic
volume growth was driven by our international regions, most notably Europe and AMEA, where our Nigeria
business had an exceptional quarter. And this volume growth comes despite supply pressures and lapping
good year-ago growth.

Our 4% organic basis price mix remained solidly positive in all 4 regions, the result of revenue growth
management actions that we have been implementing since the second half of last year when input cost
inflation began to accelerate. Finally, foreign currency translation was modestly favorable to net sales in
quarter 3, decelerating from the first half as expected. So through the first 9 months, you can see that on

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

an organic basis, our net sales were up 3%, despite lapping the pandemic-related surge, and they are up
5% on a 2-year compound annual growth basis.

Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect sustained price/mix growth based on the revenue growth
management actions we've taken, though we are a bit more cautious on volume, given the current labor
negotiations and a prudent view towards decelerating at-home demand and emerging markets' growth.

Moving down the income statement, slide #13 shows our gross profit performance. As we had anticipated,
both our gross profit and gross profit margin declined year-on-year in quarter 3 as we lapped last year's
strong operating leverage and as we face this year's unusually high cost pressures. While our productivity
and revenue growth management actions continue to cover market-driven cost inflation, there was
significant incremental cost and disruption stemming from the current operating environment that came
on top of that.

Our gross profit margin was further weighed down by disruption and costs related to fire at one of
our plants and a more pronounced than usual mix shift towards emerging markets, most notably our
distributor business in Nigeria. Importantly, though, while our gross profit percent margin decreased
to below the level of pre-pandemic quarter 3 2019, our gross profit dollars remained higher than that
period. And if you look at the right-hand side of the slide, you can see that our gross profit dollars are up
through the first 9 months of this year, both on a year-on-year and on a 2-year basis. In this high cost
environment, we have to focus on both margins and dollar growth.

On Slide #14, we see a driver of year-on-year profit change that is really more of a phasing dynamic.
SG&A expense is comprised of advertising and promotion, R&D and overheads. Last year's quarter 3
was unusual in that it included incremental A&P investment delayed from the first half because of the
pandemic. It also included a sizable increase in incentive compensation accruals.

But comparing SG&A to the third quarter of 2019, we see it was lower, both on a percentage margin and
dollar basis. This 2-year decrease is related to both the work we did to remove stranded costs after our
divestiture but also to our decision this year to pull back on investment behind specific supply-constrained
brands. You can also see that through the first 9 months, our SG&A dollars are roughly flat with the same
period of 2019, and that's probably how we'll finish this year.

If we look at operating profit in the same way on Slide #15, we find that in dollars, our operating profit
in this year's quarter 3 was not only higher than it was in last year's quarter 3, but also higher than
what it was in quarter 3 2019. Again, this focus on dollar profit is important as we manage through this
challenging environment.

Now we do think that quarter 4 will be a little different. Contrary to our prior assumptions, we are seeing
no moderation of the economy-wide bottlenecks and shortages here in the fourth quarter. In fact, we are
now experiencing incremental disruption and costs, further compounded by a labor strike. So for quarter
4, we are forecasting gross profit dollars and operating profit dollars to be below quarter 4 of 2019, even if
both metrics finish the full year above 2019 levels.

Moving down the P&L, let's turn to Slide #16. While operating profit drove most of our growth in earnings
per share in quarter 3, we also benefited from modest net favorability in below-the-line items. In quarter
3, interest expense decreased on lower debt, which will continue to be a year-on-year driver in quarter 4,
with quarter 4 comparison also lapping the $20 million debt redemption cost we recorded last year. This
decrease in interest expense was more than offset by a decline in other income, which compared against
an unusually high level last year.

We expect quarter 4 other income to be similar to that of quarter 3. Our effective tax rate in quarter 3
came in lower than last year. We believe quarter 4 rate will come in higher than the 22% rate we are now
forecasting for the full year.

JV earnings and minority interest together were favorable to last year, though this mostly reflects the
consolidation of a couple of our smaller investment phase joint ventures in West Africa into operating
profit. And average shares outstanding decreased year-on-year, reflecting the impact of quarter 1
buybacks. We still expect full year average shares outstanding to be around 0.5% lower than 2020.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Outside of the currency-neutral EPS that we manage and guide to, we did experience continued year-on-
year favorability, though modest from foreign currency translation. Based on where exchange rates are
today and what we are lapping, there would be little to no benefit from foreign currency translation in
quarter 4.

Let's now discuss our cash flow and balance sheet shown on Slide #17. Year-to-date, our cash flow
remains below last year's unusually high level as expected, mostly as we lap last year's timing-related
increases in various accruals during the height of the pandemic. The more relevant comparisons,
therefore, are the year-to-date periods of 2019 and 2018. As you can see from the slide, this year's cash
flow continues to track well above those pre-COVID time periods. This is driven by higher operating profit
as well as reduced restructuring outlays and continued effective management of core working capital.

Meanwhile, our balance sheet remains solid. Net debt remains roughly even with last year, and lower than
each of the prior 2 years, even despite this year's increase in cash returned to shareowners in the form of
resumed share buybacks and increased dividends. So our financial condition remains quite strong.

Slide #18 shows where our results stand after the first 9 months of 2021. Obviously, we've had a good
year so far producing strong and balanced financial results on a 2-year basis and staying ahead of our
own internal focus. This year-to-date performance is all the more impressive when you consider just how
challenging the business environment has been.

Let's now turn to our updated guidance for the full year 2021, as shown on Slide #19. Given the better-
than-expected momentum we are seeing in our international regions, we are raising our guidance for
organic net sales growth to a rate of 2% to 3%. This is a solid performance, particularly given the
comparisons against last year's pandemic-related surge.

At the same time, we are reaffirming our guidance for currency-neutral adjusted basis, operating profit
and earnings per share as well as for cash flow. While net sales are coming in higher than previously
expected, we are incorporating costs and disruptions related to the current supply and labor conditions. In
fact, given this current environment, we will likely land towards the lower end of the guidance ranges for
these metrics.

Our guidance assumes a reasonable conclusion to the current labor stoppage at our U.S. cereal plant.
However, as you can appreciate, there is always uncertainty regarding labor negotiations. In the
meantime, we will continue to execute our contingency plans to mitigate disruption. Overall, despite an
incredibly challenging operating environment, we remain in strong financial condition and our full year
results are expected to sustain balanced financial delivery on a 2-year basis.

And with that, let me turn it back to Steve for a review of our major businesses.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Amit. I'll start by emphasizing the broad-based nature of our sales growth. Slide #21 shows the
2-year compound annual growth rates in net sales across our 4 regions. It's in North America, where
we've had the most supply disruption and most significantly in cereal. This has restrained our overall
growth in quarter 2 and quarter 3 this year. But as we'll see in a minute, our snacks continue to grow
nicely year-on-year, and frozen breakfast and plant-based foods have continued to post good growth on a
2-year CAGR basis.

Europe sustained impressive growth in quarter 3. Pringles has driven exceptional growth for us in snacks,
and cereal sales have remained strong there as well. In our Latin America and AMEA regions, we are
clearly demonstrating exceptional momentum, collectively sustaining double-digit growth on a 2-year and
1-year basis in the third quarter.

In fact, if you turn to Slide #22, you can see that this emerging markets growth is anything but new.
Collectively, our emerging markets had already been growing consistently at or above our long-term
target of mid-single-digit growth for these businesses. This year, we've seen double-digit growth.
Elasticities to our cost-related price increases have run lower than historical levels. We have continued to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

expand Pringles across these markets, with especially strong growth in Russia and Brazil. We have also
continued to grow cereal across our emerging markets with particular strength this year in Asia. And our
growth in Africa this year has been nothing short of spectacular, driven by noodles, cereal and snacks.

Equally important to our long-term prospects is the health of our big world-class brands. And in quarter 3,
their momentum was sustained as much in developed markets as in emerging markets. Slide #23 shows
the 2-year CAGRs for consumption growth for Pringles in the U.S. This brand continued to gain share in
the third quarter, propelled by incremental innovation, effective brand-building campaigns and strength in
multipacks.

And Slide #24 shows that Pringles momentum is truly global. Similar to the U.S., the brand's strong
growth and share performance is being driven by incremental innovation like the Sizzl'n platform in
Europe or local flavors like seaweed in Asia and by very effective brand building, particularly its 360-
degree campaigns around soccer and electronic gaming. On top of that, it continues to gain distribution,
particularly in emerging markets. So this $2 billion global retail sales brand continues to perform well.

Let's check in on another world-class brand, Cheez-It, shown on Slide #25. In the U.S., this brand
continued to grow consumption and gained share in the third quarter, sparked by strong brand-building
activity and growth in multipacks. Meantime, it continues to gain distribution and share in its newly
launched markets, Canada and Brazil. This is a $1 billion plus brand that continues its long track record of
consistent growth.

Pop-Tarts is another world-class brand that is performing well. Its 2-year growth has well outpaced the
portable wholesome snacks category, as shown on Slide #26. Another big brand with over $750 million
sales at retail in the U.S. alone, it's showing good momentum. To give you an idea of how relevant this
brand is, our latest ad has generated nearly 40 million views on YouTube. Our What Would Pop-Tarts Do
hashtag has shown up 5.7 billion times in TikTok and the brand has enjoyed more than 2 billion earned
impressions this year.

And big growth has continued for us on Rice Krispies Treats, shown on Slide #27. This brand even
accelerated its consumption growth and share gains during the third quarter, aided by effective brand
building and the success of innovation like Homestyle treats. This brand generates close to $350 million in
retail sales in the U.S., and it continues to grow.

In cereal, the performance of key brands in the U.S. has been impacted by supply complications in North
America, but internationally, we're seeing good growth. On Slide #28, our 2 world-class brands in Europe
are worth highlighting. Tresor, also known as Krave in some markets is a taste segment brand that has
become the #1 cereal brand in Europe and has dramatically outpaced the category this year in key
markets like France and Germany.

Extra, meanwhile, is geared more towards adults and it, too, has strongly outpaced the category this
year in markets like Italy and Spain. Over in the frozen aisle, Eggo is clearly a world-class brand and it is
performing well. Slide #29 shows that it is sustaining solid mid-single-digit consumption growth in spite of
capacity constraints. Yet another big brand with close to $900 million in retail sales in the U.S., continuing
to grow.

Morningstar Farms, our leading plant-based proteins brand, is shown on Slide #30. This is another world-
class brand that is sustaining strong consumption growth even as the category decelerates as expected
and even as we run up against capacity limits in some of our product segments. This is a $400 million
retail sales brand with momentum and strong prospects. In fact, as you've seen, the fundamentals,
momentum and growth prospects for many of our biggest world-class brands remain solid.

Now let's review each of our regions, starting with North America in Slide #31. Net sales were flat year-
on-year in the third quarter, with underlying consumption growth well exceeding our shipments due to
supply constraints. Many of these constraints were economy-wide, including shortages of materials, labor
and freight. But we had some internal challenges as well. As you know, we entered this year tight on
capacity for growing food formats in cereal, frozen from the griddle and plant-based protein as well as

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

certain pack formats and snacks. Add to that, the fire that interrupted production at one of our cereal
plants and you can appreciate just how constrained we have been.

The good news is that we remain in growth on a 2-year CAGR basis and that our revenue growth
management actions are resulting in good price/mix growth. This price realization, along with good
execution of productivity programs is crucial for mitigating the margin pressures of high cost inflation and
incremental costs and inefficiencies related to the broader bottlenecks and shortages in the economy.

Slide #32 breaks our North America net sales growth into category groups. You can see the good
momentum we've seen in snacks and frozen despite these supply constraints and the fact that away-from-
home sales remain lower on a 2-year basis. Cereal net sales have been flattish on a 2-year CAGR basis
in the first half, roughly in line with the U.S. category's performance. In quarter 3, however, it faced the
worst of its supply challenges and is now down about 1% year-to-date on a 2-year CAGR basis.

Importantly, our underlying consumption trends remain solid across most of the portfolio, as shown
on Slide #33. In all 3 of our snacks categories, we saw an acceleration in 2-year CAGRs in quarter 3,
continuing to well outpace their individual categories.

In the frozen-from-the-griddle category, we also saw accelerated 2-year growth during the third quarter.
And in frozen veg vegan, even as the category decelerates as expected, our growth remains strong. Even
in cereal, which is a category that has been flat on a 2-year basis this year, we are holding consumption
relatively flat despite all the supply challenges we've been facing.

And before we move on from our discussion of North America, we should touch on our U.S. away-from-
home business in Slide #34. The slide shows rolling 2-year average growth rates in our net sales over the
past few quarters in these channels. As restrictions eased and consumer mobility increased, we saw year-
on-year growth starting in quarter 2 and continuing in quarter 3. Our sales remained below 2019 levels
but you can see that a gradual recovery continues.

The recovery has been a little quicker in channels like convenience stores and schools, and much slower
in channels like vending and in travel and lodging. There is no question that our North America region
is facing the toughest of the global supply challenges, and the team has risen to the occasion. We are
presently working to restore full production at our fire-damaged cereal plant, while negotiating with
the union regarding its strike against all of our U.S. cereal plants. Indeed, North America faces an even
tougher quarter in the quarter 4. Nonetheless, we're executing well in market, and our brands are in great
shape.

Now let's turn to our international regions in Slide #35. You can see that in each of these 3 regions, we
are sustaining strong momentum, both in the form of year-on-year growth and on a 2-year CAGR basis,
which eliminates the impact of comparing against last year's surge, especially in Latin America. Let's look
at each of these regions a little more closely.

Slide #36 shows the results of Kellogg Europe. Europe's streak of quarterly organic net sales growth
continued in impressive fashion in the third quarter. Driven by both volume and price mix, this growth was
led by Russia and the U.K. but broad-based across the region. Double-digit growth in snacks was driven
not only by Pringles sustaining its momentum, but also by a rebound in portable wholesome snacks.
Cereal sales grew on top of last year's growth, and we are particularly pleased with the magnitude of our
share gains in the U.K.

As we look to the fourth quarter, we lap a particularly strong organic net sales growth performance. And
on operating profit, we are managing through high costs and supply challenges as well as lapping a 53rd
week. Nevertheless, we expect to sustain our in-market momentum in cereal and snacks, and Europe is
on track for another strong year.

Now let's talk about Latin America in Slide #37. The year ago quarter included outsized gains in sales
and profit, so comparisons are masking a solid performance for us in the third quarter. Organic net sales
continued to grow year-on-year despite the comparisons, with notable strength on a 2-year CAGR basis.
The growth was broad-based and supported by strong in-market performance in cereal led by Mexico, as
well as by Pringles across key markets.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

We saw particular strength in Brazil, where Pringles is showing outstanding momentum. Despite
decelerating at-home demand trends and extremely high cost inflation, we expect Latin America to
continue to grow in quarter 4, completing what has been a very strong year.

And we'll finish our business review with AMEA and Slide #38. Once again, we saw exceptional growth in
this region. We generated organic net sales growth in Australia, led by cereal, and in Asia, driven by both
cereal and snacks, despite COVID-related production restrictions on Pringles for much of the quarter. The
biggest start in the quarter was Africa, where we are generating double-digit growth in both volume and
in price/mix. The top line growth was strong enough to overcome double-digit cost inflation, delivering
operating profit growth.

As we look to the fourth quarter, we expect to see continued top line momentum and bottom line growth
in AMEA despite cost inflation and supply challenges.

Allow me to wrap up with a brief summary on Slide #40. Our portfolio is in good shape. Our world-
class brands have great momentum and our emerging markets businesses continue to exceed even
our expectations. The result is strong top line momentum. We're taking action to mitigate the profit
impact of what is the highest cost inflation we've seen in a decade or more. To do that, we are executing
productivity initiatives. We are being disciplined on overhead and selective on brand investment, and we
are carefully executing all levers of revenue growth management.

Bottlenecks and shortages are ramping across the economy right now, and we are experiencing our own
particular labor and supply disruptions. However, we are managing well through these difficult supply
conditions. Our people are demonstrating why they are a competitive advantage, going the extra mile to
supply the market when everything, procurement, manufacturing, shipping is more challenging now than
ever.

And in the end, we expect to remain on our path of balanced financial growth. We've delivered on it so
far this year, and we are reaffirming our full year guidance today even in spite of the current operating
environment. I want to commend and thank our entire organization for their dedication and grit, and for
finding a way to deliver on our commitments in what is obviously an unusual environment.
And with that, we'd be happy to take any questions you might have.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Just one from me. Europe trends obviously remaining incredibly strong and accelerated on a 2-year basis,
even as many of those markets have been reopening at a faster pace than we've seen here in the U.S.
So I guess what are the learnings, if any, from Europe, maybe that can help you inform the debate a bit
in the group on whether some of the new households gained in the past 2 years can be somewhat more
sticky over time as markets in the U.S. more fully reopen?

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks, Andrew. We have seen terrific growth in all those international markets driven by increases
in penetration and increases in buy rate. And so obviously, those 2 things are important. They work in
concert together. And we've seen the business stick even as mobility has increased. And so what we've
always said is, looking at 2019 as a comparison, obviously, is still very relevant. The U.S. continues to
open up slowly. And we're hanging on to those buy rates, especially in the U.S.

And so we anticipate, even as the U.S. continues to open up, what we've talked about is that lasting
impact is something we're confident in. And as we've said time and again, our goal all along was to exit
the pandemic stronger than we went in, and we're more confident than ever that that's happening. That's
absolutely happening.

Operator

Our next question today comes from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Two questions related to the supply and production backdrop in the U.S. First is just can you give some
color on how your service levels and fulfillment rates are holding up, how you expect them to trend for the
fourth quarter and into the -- into fiscal '22, and whether we should worry about out of stocks accelerating
or anything on that front?

And then, I guess relatedly, as you manage through these situations and you're pulling back, as you
say, on investment spending, I guess what's the risk as you see it that you begin to lose ground more
structurally versus competition? I appreciate everyone's in the same boat directionally, but your situation
just is obviously a bit more severe at the moment. So just -- I'm wondering how you assess that risk.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks, Steve. So as you pointed out, the environment is challenging for all of us. There is no
question about that. Our fill rates and our customer service levels are not where we want them to be. And
we're not alone in that either, but we hold ourselves to a very high standard, and we aim to get better and
better. And so let me point out a couple of things around your question.

We have one particular area that is more challenging than others, and that's our cereal business, and
that's obviously being compounded because of the strike that we're going through right now. But
outside of that, which is -- that's 20% of our global business. Outside of that, we're in the same boat as
everybody else. And you can see based on the type of performance outside of cereal in the United States,
we have posted some very, very strong gains. So we don't believe there's going to be anything structural

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

to our disadvantage as we continue to make our way through the pandemic, through the supply gridlock
into a more normalized environment.

So -- and we've got mitigation plans based on where we are with our current cereal plants in the U.S. as
well. So by no means are we complacent. We've got big challenges in front of us. But we're quite confident
that we're not going to be at a long term or any kind of permanent disadvantage. This is a transitory
event, and we'll work our way through it.

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

And I think just on the investment levels, our investment levels are broadly flat versus a year ago.
So while we've pulled back on some supply-constrained platforms, when I look at the overall level of
investments, we are flattish. And in fact, our advertising is up. So we continue to invest at appropriate
levels.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. Very good. And just on that point, just is that -- does that -- I think that's a regional statement.
Does that apply to U.S. cereal as well?

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

I think it would vary across -- I think it would vary across categories because, as Steve mentioned,
different categories, the supply and service levels vary by category. So I was talking on a global level on
our levels of investment.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. And really, Steve, based on supply. We're not going to advertise and promote heavily areas that are
severely constrained at the moment.

Operator

Our next question today comes from Pamela Kaufman of Morgan Stanley.

Pamela Kaufman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I just had a question on the -- I had a question on the guidance for the full year. So the full year guidance
implies a relatively wide range for Q4 top line growth. Can you talk about the factors that would contribute
to your results coming in towards the low versus the high end of the range? And what impacts are you
accepting from the labor strike?

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes, Pamela. So I'll start and Amit can pick up. So what we've said is we're taking a reasonable approach
to what we think will happen with the labor strike. And that's in our guidance. Our top line obviously
continues with great momentum. But you heard what we said about the other 3 elements coming in,
perhaps more towards the lower end of the guidance.

So let me talk about what -- our thinking behind the strike and what I can share with you. We're in the
process of negotiating right now. And so out of respect for that process, I'm not going to get into a lot of
detail, which I'm sure you can appreciate. But we have always treated our employees with respect and
fairness, and that includes industry-leading compensation and benefits. The offer that we have in front of
the union right now is increased compensation on top of that already industry-leading compensation and
benefits, and we are not asking to take anything away despite what you may have heard publicly.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

So we think a fair resolution should be in the offing. We think that this type of offer is fair, reasonable and
again, increases on top of industry-leading compensation already. So this would allow our employees to
get back to work. We want them back to work. I think they want to be back to work. But because these
negotiations are ongoing, we can't go into much more detail than that. But I think we're hoping that we'll
come to a reasonable conclusion and that's what we're working towards.

Pamela Kaufman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. And can you give more color on your gross margin expectations for the fourth quarter? And how
they'll compare to the third quarter? And then just looking towards next year, do you think you've taken
enough pricing and implementing enough productivity to preserve year-over-year gross margins?

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

Yes. So I think just on gross margin, I think we expect quarter 4 will continue to be challenging from a
cost standpoint. So I think the environment remains challenging and we'd expect that to continue. In fact,
on certain packaging and in certain commodities, we expect inflation to be higher than what we've seen in
quarter 3.

Overall, I would say that we're expecting inflation to be in the high single digits like it was in quarter 3,
similar levels, slightly higher in quarter 4. And then, of course, compounded by the strike, right, and the
disruptions as a result of that. So that's the outlook on gross margins from a quarter 4 standpoint. And I
think as I mentioned in our prepared -- in my prepared remarks, from an absolute dollar standpoint, we
expect it to be higher for the full year versus 2019 levels. So that's the outlook on gross profit.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

And Pamela, on the pricing, which you asked about, we're not going to comment on forward-looking
pricing for obvious reasons. But I think if you look at where we are with price/mix and you look at what
we've been able to accomplish, that would be our goal going into the future. So obviously, it's a very cost
-- it's a very inflationary environment driving up costs. Our first line of defense is always productivity. And
as we plan out 2022, we'll plan for the same levels of productivity or greater and then look to the revenue
growth management that we've successfully employed in order to protect our margins into next year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I know this is a difficult question to answer, so I'm just trying to look for some rough ideas here. But
there's the normal headwinds that every sort of food manufacturer is facing right now. When I say normal,
I mean the ones that are across the entire industry, whether it's labor challenges, logistics or so forth,
higher raw materials. And then there's the sort of Kellogg specific one of the strike.

And I'm just trying to get a better sense of, as you look to your fourth quarter guidance and you think
about early next year, how do we think about the impact on whether it's your gross margin or your EBIT
dollars, however you want to think about it on -- of the labor strikes alone? I'm just trying to get a sense
of how to parse that out as we think about the headwinds there. Any help you can give would be great.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes, Ken, I appreciate the question, but I think you can appreciate based on the sensitivity of where we
are and the fact that we're in negotiations, we're not going to be able to quantify any of that. We've taken
what we think is a very reasonable view of getting to an agreement. We've also taken into account the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

contingency plans that we have in effect. We knew -- we've been talking for a year now because we had
a year extension. We knew the contract was expiring on October 5. So we took all sorts of measures to
prepare ourselves, including building inventory.

Building inventory was a little bit challenged because of the fire in Memphis. But we also have deployed
our white collar workers. We've deployed outside labor to keep the plants running, to get the plants
running. They're gaining productivity each and every day. We've also leveraged our global supply chain
network for cereal to also mitigate. And so we're working very, very hard on 2 fronts, to mitigate the
effects of the strike on the one hand, and we're doing that successfully and getting better every day; but
also, to get our workers back to work. We want them to get their paychecks. We want them to enjoy their
health care. We truly want them back to work. And we think we've got a very, very good proposal, again,
with increases on top of already industry-leading compensation.

So I think reasonable heads should prevail based on all that. And that's kind of the view that we're taking.
We want to get to a negotiated settlement, get back to work, and we think we've given the best guidance
that we can based on all those different factors.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. And then a quick question, follow-up. Just thinking about modeling on it. You've had similar sort of
adjusted SG&A in the last couple of quarters, a little under $720 million. As we think about sort of a run
rate going forward, is that a reasonable number? I know it's going to vary obviously from quarter-to-
quarter. I'm just trying to get a sense because you've had some ups and downs in the last year of what we
should be thinking about going ahead here.

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

Yes. Overall, I'd say flattish to 2019 levels is kind of a good run rate to assume, Ken. I think this year,
there's been phasing. We are lapping the phasing of the brand building. And obviously, we're also lapping
the incentive compensation accruals from last year.

Operator

Thank you. Our next question comes from Nik Modi of RBC Capital Markets.

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Amit, I was hoping maybe I was hoping you can give us some context on inflation, just kind of the key
buckets and how you see that playing out. And then just, Steve, if I could throw in a question to you just
strategically and just philosophically. We're obviously seeing a lot of onetime events that are causing a
lot of disruption, but these onetime events feel like they just keep on happening. So I wanted to get your
kind of thoughts on CapEx. And does it make sense to just kind of have a super cycle in the near term just
to automate as much as possible and just really evolve the infrastructure to be really ready for handling
these types of shocks?

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

Nik, just on the inflation. I think as we expected and as we had previously communicated, inflation came
in at high single-digit rates in quarter 3. It accelerated through the quarter. And as I mentioned earlier,
we expect it to further accelerate into quarter 4 as well. And we kind of look at it in 2 buckets. There's
the market-driven costs in commodities like oil, dairy, ingredients like rice, potatoes and packaging. And
actually, packaging was the one where we saw significant acceleration in quarter 3.

So that's -- we're seeing inflation fairly broad-based, I'd say, across our commodities. And then of course,
the operating environment continues to be challenged, whether it's freight markets, whether it's ocean
freight, whether it's labor shortages as well as shortages across our suppliers and our supply chain. So

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

that's -- and I would expect a similar outlook for quarter 4 with slightly higher -- still in the high single-
digit rates, but slightly higher levels of inflation into quarter 4.

And I think from a pricing standpoint and from a revenue growth management standpoint, we're obviously
taking action. And broadly, I'd say, covering our commodity-related costs and our direct costs, I think
some of the disruptions are hard to predict. And so that's kind of the color on inflation.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. And Nik, it's a really interesting question that you raised strategically. And I think for everybody,
the pandemic has wrought all sorts of different consequences, right? And it's almost an old joke by now,
there's no pandemic playbook. But we've all had different challenges, some very common and some
unique. Unique to us, obviously, is a fire that we talked about, the strike that we're dealing with right now.
So there's clearly some uniqueness.

But I think one thing that we are definitely looking towards is how we continue to grow. Because despite
this, we've had lots of, I wouldn't call it pockets, we've got real growth happening in most of our business
that is very resilient, robust and sustainable. But the future of work is clearly going to change, and our
capital plans over the next couple of years will reflect that.

When I say the future of work, the obvious -- what happens in office environments, where work gets
done, how work gets done. But then also from a capacity standpoint and how factories run and where
work gets done there, where product gets made, to allow ourselves even more resiliency going forward is
clearly something that is on the cards for us.

Operator

Our next question comes from David Palmer of Evercore.

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

You mentioned that in -- I think it was an answer to Ken's question, the high single-digit inflation in the
fourth quarter. If input costs remain at these current levels and considering contracts and hedges rolling
off, will COGS inflation slow in the first half of '22 or remain near those high single-digit levels? And I have
a quick follow-up.

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

Yes. I think we'll obviously provide detailed guidance, right, in our quarter 4 earnings call in early
February. I think to your question on from an inflation standpoint, I think on a planning basis, we're
assuming that the high levels of inflation will persist for the foreseeable future. So I think that's what --
that's the assumption that we're working with.

I think from a hedging standpoint, we have a continuous hedging process. So they continue to roll. So we
do not anticipate any sudden cliff at the start of the year. That said, obviously, the hedges are rolling up
at higher prices. And so from a lapse standpoint, the current hedges are higher than the hedges that are
dropping off. So all in all, we are planning for a high inflation environment in 2022.

I think from a shortages and disruption standpoint, that's harder to predict, but we are assuming that they
will persist. And so from a productivity standpoint and from a revenue growth management standpoint, we
will be taking actions in '22 to offset them, and continue to drive balanced financial delivery.

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And if we were to look back and -- we can almost now look at '21 with pretty good visibility, I would
imagine. And if you were to look at the friction costs, COVID-related, strike-related, just put it all into one

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

bucket, and God willing, you'll be able to lap these friction costs with less friction in '22. But how would
you say or estimate those friction costs have been a drag to your gross margins in '21? I'll pass it on.

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

Yes, I think it's hard to model that because there's so much that's happened during the course of this year.
I think like I mentioned, from a '22 planning standpoint, we're assuming that the current environment is
going to persist. And we're focused on productivity and pricing and revenue growth management actions
to try and offset those costs and continue to drive balanced delivery.

Operator

Our next question comes from Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim.

Laurent Daniel Grandet
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Yes. And 2 questions. The first one is more a follow-up actually. You said in your remark, I mean, U.S.
shipments were lagging behind consumption. So what is the current level of inventory at retailers and how
it compares to where it should be? So that's the first question.

The second one is really about Europe. Extremely strong growth in Europe this quarter, were higher than
what we expected. And you mentioned in your prior market performance was driven by the U.K. and
Russia. So could you please give us a bit more color there?

And also, I mean, we heard about disruption in also labor and truck drivers in the U.K. Are you seeing any
kind of disruption there in the U.K., but also in shipments between the U.K. and Europe?

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks, Laurent. I'll start and then Amit can fill in as well. From a U.S. shipment standpoint, I would
say shipments are lagging consumption, probably mid-single digits is probably a reasonable assumption
there. I'd say inventory levels across the whole landscape are low. Obviously, it's been well documented,
all the supply chain challenges and disruptions and so forth.

In terms of Europe, I mean, the Europe team continues to deliver at a very high level. And if you look
at the U.K. and Russia performance, we highlighted that. And if you look at it across Pringles and cereal
and now wholesome snacks has bounced back, as we said as well. And so it's really just high levels of
execution, lapping a very strong performance last year and continued demand creation activities that have
been very, very successful.

In terms of the disruptions, there clearly are disruptions. They're not quite as acute as they are in the
United States, but they're real. There's friction also that has to do with Brexit. When you think about
supply chain that is on Continental Europe as well as the U.K., we're working our way through that. You're
seeing good results despite that. But the same issues around freight and truck drivers exist in the U.K.
and in Continental Europe, but particularly the U.K. as they do in the U.S. as well.

Operator

Our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

One of your big competitors is talking about price increases beginning in January in snacks. And there's
a lot of packaged food companies that are introducing new pricing. Can you talk a little bit about like
what your plans are for pricing in 2022? What have you talked to the trade about so far? And then a quick
follow-up.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks, Rob. I appreciate the question, but we do not talk about forward pricing for a number of
reasons. But again, if you look backwards and you see what we've done, we've been successful at driving
pricing. The good news is elasticities have performed very well, so they've been lower than historically.
That was kind of our expectation, and I think a lot of expectations based on just the totality of the
inflationary environment.

And as we look to 2022, as we said, we'll deploy productivity, we'll deploy revenue growth management.
And we'll look to be competitive in market and -- to create value and to provide for a plan that delivers
balanced financial growth going forward.

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

I think if you look at our -- if you look backwards, right, our price mix has been at around 4%. And within
that, actually, mix has been negative because of -- in this quarter because of country mix. And so not only
is that -- not only is the 4% offsetting the mix, but obviously, the pricing is at a higher level than that. So
it's coming through.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. My follow-up, on plant-based, you said that the category is declining as you expected off of tough
comps. Is there a risk that these declines continue into next year? Like when do you think it kind of comes
back to positive again?

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes, Rob, I think it does come back to positive next year. We're -- the lap is really what's occurring right
now. And if you go back to see what happened 2 years ago, there was an enormous excitement around
the new entrants, lots of new distribution being built, lots of doors, frozen doors, refrigerated doors being
added. And so we always anticipated, as we've said, that the hurdle of that would be difficult. But when
you look to consumer behavior, when you look to the consumer research we have, there's still a lot of
enthusiasm and excitement around plant-based. And so we think going into next year, you'll start to see
healthier growth rates on a year-over-year basis because of those comps.

Operator

Our next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I just had a quick question for you on mix as you were talking to Rob there. Does lower mix at the
revenue line mean lower mix at the profit line, whether it be gross profit or operating profit? So is that a
factor weighing on your gross margin as well?

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

Not necessarily. I think it's -- I mean, there are 2 factors in play, right, at a high level. One is obviously
your geographic mix. Multipro, it does impact both NSV and gross margin because it's a distributor
business. And obviously, in quarter 3, like we -- like I mentioned, we had a huge quarter in Multipro in
Nigeria, driven really by pricing to cover inflation. And volume growth was strong despite the significant
pricing that came through. So on that one, it flows through. I think on the categories, I'd say it's a lot
more balanced between snacks and cereal.

Christopher Robert Growe

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And then I had a second question just around pricing and kind of 2 elements of that. One will be
that you noted that you're pricing to offset inflation, but some of these disruptions and supply chain
challenges are -- have been an issue for your gross margin. I think you noted as well that you expect
those to continue next year. So does that mean that your pricing would be below whatever the total
amount of inflation is next year if these supply chain challenges don't get better?

And then if I could add to that, you talked about a low-level elasticity, especially in the emerging markets
to pricing. Is that pushed you to price even more there than what you would expect around the level of
inflation in those markets?

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

I think to the extent that we can forecast the disruptions, right, I think it's hard to forecast. And that's
been kind of the challenge this year, right, because it's just come in so many unexpected places. I think
to the extent that it's sustained and we are able to forecast it, obviously, that will go into the mix of how
we offset through productivity and revenue growth management. So I think that's the way we're thinking
about it. I think to the areas that we think it's going to persist, we'll obviously take actions to offset that.

And I think on your point on emerging markets, yes, the volume has come through stronger than we had
expected. And so I think elasticities have been lower. No question.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal.

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Can you talk about the opportunity that you have with Pringles and where you think that the new markets
will be? And when you think about it in a couple of years, how big do you think this brand will be?

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks, Ken. So we're very excited about the Pringles momentum obviously. It's a great brand. It's
highly differentiated. It handles innovation extremely well. It carries flavor like no other snack. And so
we see continued growth in the markets where we are. It's got pretty good distribution country-wide. So
most of the growth is going to come from continuing to penetrate and increased buy rates and household
penetration.

In some of the developing markets, you've seen us enter Brazil and other emerging markets quite
successfully, and we put a couple of lines in our Brazilian plant for Pringles as well. The Malaysia plant has
been running strong for us, and that provides good growth opportunities across Asia.

So we think -- I'm not going to predict how big it can get, but it keeps getting bigger, for sure, and
generating very solid growth for us. The other thing I'd mention where we have a lot of opportunity from
snacks and expanding distribution is Cheez-It, which doesn't have the same footprint as Pringles, not
even close. And we've now launched in Canada and Brazil, and it's done extremely well. So as we look
to the globe, we look to brands like Cheez-It and even Pop-Tarts and others, that would have global
aspirations. And so we continue to look at our snacks portfolio as something very exciting with a lot of
growth potential.

Kenneth Bryan Zaslow
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

My second question is, for the last couple of quarters, you've tried to temper the emerging market growth.
This is probably the first quarter you haven't done that. And you continue -- you actually sound a little bit

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

more optimistic about the outlook of emerging market. Not that you haven't been optimistic, but you're
not trying to taper off expectations on that.

What are you seeing in emerging markets to give you increased confidence that maybe this is much more
sustainable than you may have thought for the last 3 to 4 quarters? And unless I misread what you're
thinking. And I'll leave it there and...

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Ken, sorry, we do assume a slowdown in emerging markets in quarter 4. And we've been pleasantly very
-- I wouldn't say surprised, but they're great, great numbers that have been posted in the emerging
markets. You look at the Africa business. And so we don't plan on that sustaining, but have been very
pleased with what's been achieved.

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

And I think if you look at our prepared remarks, we talked about growth accelerating. We saw it all the
way through last year, and it's further accelerated. So we had double-digit growth through the year. So
overall, I mean, it's been sustained through the year, through last year, right? And I think from a growth
standpoint, we continue to see it as a growth opportunity.

John P. Renwick
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Planning

Operator -- thanks, Ken. Operator, I believe we are at 10:30, which means we need to wrap it up. We'd
like to thank everybody for their interest and their questions. And if you do have any follow-up questions,
please do not hesitate to call us.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, everybody.

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

Thank you.

Operator
Thank you. Today's conference call has now concluded, and you may now disconnect your lines.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

