Kellogg Company NYSE:K
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 30, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.86

0.95

Revenue  (mm)

3181.77

3403.49

3.09

0.18

3.88

3.86

13528.72

13442.30

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-29-2020 2:54 AM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.95

0.92

0.97

0.86

1.01

0.99

1.03

0.91

6.32 %

7.61 %

6.19 %

5.81 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Amit Banati
Senior VP & CFO

John P. Renwick
Vice President of Investor
Relations & Corporate Planning

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

ANALYSTS

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

David Christopher Driscoll
DD Research LLC

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator
Instructions] Thank you. Please note, this event is being recorded.

At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate
Planning for Kellogg Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.

John P. Renwick
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Planning

Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for a review of our first
quarter results as well as our outlook for 2020. I'm joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman
and CEO; and Amit Banati, our Chief Financial Officer.

Due to the pandemic and measures to stay safe, we are calling in from multiple locations and even time
zones. So hopefully, technology will carry today, and we'll all hear each other clearly throughout the call.

Slide #3 shows our forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made
today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, are forward-looking statements.
Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning
factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to this third slide of the presentation as well as
to our public SEC filings.

A replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Thursday, May 7. The call will
also be available via webcast, which can be archived for at least 90 days on the Investor page of
kelloggcompany.com.

As always, when referring to our results and outlook, unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them
on a currency-neutral basis for net sales and on a currency-neutral adjusted basis for operating profit and
earnings per share.

And now I'll turn it over to Steve.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Obviously, these are unprecedented times, and our hearts
and thoughts go out to the families affected and lives disrupted by the coronavirus pandemic, and I
sincerely hope you and your families are staying healthy and safe.

Today, we'll share with you what we're doing to keep our employees safe and the markets supplied with
food and how we are giving back to the community. These are the priorities right now. Obviously, it has
been nothing close to business as usual over the past few weeks and is not likely to be business as usual
for some time. That said, we're pleased with the direction our business was going prior to the crisis, and
we're proud of the work we've done to manage the business during the crisis.

Today, we'll discuss how the crisis has impacted our results and give you a sense of how we think the rest
of the year could play out. And we'll reassure you that while managing through this crisis, we are also
taking prudent steps to ensure stable and dependable performance now and in the future.

So let's discuss our priorities during the crisis, starting with Slide #5. Our first priority, of course, is to
keep our employees safe. We acted quickly to protect our employees, taking a global crisis management
approach. We invested in incremental safety supplies, personal protection equipment and cleaning
protocols across our facilities. We took measures like temperature checks and social distancing protocols
in our plants and distribution centers. We provided recognition bonuses and enhanced benefits like leave
policies for our plant and distribution center employees. We implemented travel and meeting restrictions

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

followed by work-from-home policies, investing in technology to make this possible. I meet daily with
my leadership team to monitor, assess and make timely decisions, and we are having regular worldwide
updates via video conferences with all employees. Safety will continue to be our highest priority.

Our next priority has been to ensure we are supplying food to the marketplace, as captured on Slide #6.
As a food manufacturer, we have a unique role and responsibility during this crisis. Our beloved foods and
brands are sought by consumers worldwide, making it so important for us to find ways to get our products
to them. Fortunately, governments have established that food is designated as an essential service, and
we're collaborating closely with them. As a result, since late February, we've been able to run our plants at
full capacity in most markets around the world, increasing production by focusing on key items.

We are working closely with our retailers to get them what they need. We've invested in additional
warehouse space, redeployment of inventory and increased access to transportation. We've deferred
certain commercial activations and product launches, and we've invested in technology to support critical
business and finance systems. I couldn't be more proud of the way our supply chain has responded to
these challenges. It hasn't been easy. This has required a lot of extra planning, problem-solving and
investment in execution.

Another priority during the crisis has been aiding our communities, as depicted on Slide #7. We pride
ourselves for being a company with heart and soul, and we have stepped up our giving during this crisis,
helping our food bank partners and neighbors in need during this pandemic. Local governments have
specifically called out food security as a top priority in their fight against COVID-19. And so aligned
with our Kellogg's Better Days program to address food and security around the world, Kellogg and our
charitable funds have donated more than $10 million so far in food and funds to fund global COVID-19
food relief efforts. Around the world, we're donating to everything from local food banks and school
feeding programs to child care centers, hospitals and senior care centers. All of this is completely
consistent with Kellogg's heritage and values, which makes this company truly special.

So let's turn to Slide #8 and put this into the context of business performance and financials. Prior to and
during the accelerated global spread of the coronavirus, our base business is performing very well. We
accelerated our organic net sales growth, even excluding the estimated impact of the pandemic in March,
and we had continued to make progress toward offsetting mix headwinds and sequentially improving our
gross profit margin. And as promised, we had boosted our brand-building investment behind targeted
brands and categories around the world. We feel as strongly as ever that our Deploy for Growth strategy is
working.

Then of course, the crisis hit and redirected our focus and plans. You've all seen the scanner data,
notably for the United States and Western Europe, which showed a sharp acceleration in consumption
growth beginning around the first and second weeks of March. Since that time, we have been focused on
producing and shipping food. Most of our plants have ramped up their production, while in some emerging
markets, restrictions and logistical challenges prevent us from running at full capacity. While shipments
have accelerated, so has our investment in our plans for safety and for our employee appreciation and
benefits and in our logistics for incremental warehouse space and transportation. From a brand investment
standpoint, many of our second quarter commercial activities as well as product launches have been
delayed to the third and fourth quarters.

So where does this put us for the rest of the year? How long the crisis persists and how quickly we can
return to business as usual operations and commercial activities is obviously unknown at this point. So far,
in quarter 2, we're seeing elevated if slowing at-home consumption, partially offset by severe softness in
away-from-home channels; a slowing in certain emerging markets; high investment and utilization in our
supply chain to get food to the marketplace; and less commercial activation and innovation activity as we
and our customers focus on getting food on the shelf.

Obviously, the third and fourth quarters are harder to predict. For now, though, we are prudently
assuming economic softness and investment shifts to create a profit offset to the first half.

Beyond the factors we cannot control, we are prepared to weather the crisis. Our employees are engaged
and working to stay safe. We are supplying the market as best we can, and our financial health is solid.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

We're also taking a very close look at our plans in the event of a prolonged global economic slowdown.
We've studied what worked well and what did not in past recessions and how this one could be different
for the globe and for our portfolio. We strongly believe that our Deploy for Growth strategy, with its focus
on occasions, growth portfolio, world-class brands and service, has us well prepared for making any
necessary adjustments.

So with that, let me turn it over to Amit, who will take you through our financial results and outlook in
more detail.

Amit Banati
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Clearly, our financial results and outlook have been
affected by the pandemic. So I'll do my best to sort through the financial puts and takes.

Slide #10 outlines our financial approach since the crisis began. Employee safety is the top priority, and
we have invested in this area: in safety supplies, temperature checks and incremental cleaning protocols.
Additionally, we invested in information technology to facilitate working remotely.

To supply the market with food, we've had to increase production quickly, focusing on priority SKUs and
rewarding our people with bonuses and benefits. In addition, we've invested in logistics to get food to our
customers as quickly as possible.

We've also worked to ensure financial flexibility. As you know, we had already been focused on reducing
our debt leverage this year, and this becomes even more important in an environment of economic
recession and volatile financial markets. We continue to have good access to commercial paper markets,
and we have built up our cash balances around the world. We've also been proactive about locking into
lower interest rates, reducing our long-term cost of debt.

Meanwhile, we remain committed to investing in the future. The crisis has forced us to defer some
commercial activity and investments to the second half. But excluding the divestiture, we did increase our
brand-building year-on-year in quarter 1, mostly before the crisis really hit us in March.

Now turning to Slide #11. Let's look at our financial results for the quarter. Obviously, there are a few
moving parts. So I'll do my best to bucket them.

First, our base business continues to perform very well. Even before and excluding the pandemic impact,
our organic net sales growth was strong, even ahead of our expectations. We were also making progress
toward our 2020 objective of stabilizing gross profit margin in spite of accelerated mix shifts towards
emerging markets. And importantly, we had kicked off the incremental advertising and promotion
investments that we had announced a few months ago.

The second major factor is something that was already behind us, our divestiture at the end of July 2019.
As we had indicated previously, quarter 1 is a seasonal outlier for this divested business, owing to its Girl
Scouts cookies. So in Q1, the divestiture impacted our year-on-year net sales growth by negative 9% to
10% and our operating profit growth by about 12%.

The next factor is the pandemic. The surge in demand for packaged foods from increased at-home
consumption started in early March. This probably contributed approximately half of our organic net sales
growth in quarter 1. The additional sales growth drove profit growth at lower margins due to increased
costs and investments around safety, logistics and IT as well as decisions made that affected our base
business. As you know, the crisis did trigger a sharp strengthening of the U.S. dollar against key foreign
currencies, creating a much larger-than-expected negative impact on our reported results.

Lastly, on earnings per share, we saw the expected pension expense benefit from a higher year-on-
year pension fund asset valuation at the beginning of the year. And while our decision to prioritize debt
reduction did decrease our interest expense as planned, our shares outstanding did float higher. The
result of all of these is an earnings per share that came in well ahead of pace but that we feel is largely

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

timing-related as we'll discuss in a moment. Importantly, our cash flow is also well ahead of pace, which is
important as we prioritize financial flexibility going into an economic slowdown.

So the results are affected by the pandemic and other factors, but we'll walk you through them in a bit
more detail. Let's start at the top of the P&L with net sales growth on Slide #12.

Our organic basis net sales growth surged to 8% year-on-year in the quarter. We estimate that the
pandemic impact drove about half of this growth, suggesting our base business grew at a rate of about
4%. In other words, even excluding the pandemic impact, our base business was accelerating its growth
sequentially yet again.

Volume growth surged to more than 8%, led by the pandemic-related orders as well as by a particularly
strong quarter for Multipro, the distribution portion of our business in West Africa. This mix shift towards
Multipro is a big reason our price/mix was slightly negative in the quarter. In fact, while the mix for the
total company was negative, pricing remained positive.

Our organic net sales growth was across all 4 regions and across all 4 category groups within each region:
snacks, cereal, frozen foods and noodles and other. The divestiture impact, we already discussed. Now
that we are past lapping Girl Scouts season, this divestiture impact will be less negative, with quarter 2's
impact looking like 2019's quarter 4 negative 5% to 6% impact; and quarter 3, only a partial quarter of
impact, more like negative 1% to 2%.

As I mentioned, currency also turned more negative on us in quarter 1 as the dollar strengthened against
key currencies as the pandemic hit. Based on forward rates, we can expect this to be even more of a
headwind going forward.

Now let's turn to gross profit margin on Slide #13. As we've discussed previously, our goal is to continue
to sequentially improve gross profit margin, finishing 2020 at a stable level year-on-year. This requires
offsetting underlying input cost inflation as well as some natural mix shifts in our portfolio, most notably
a mix shift towards emerging markets and, within those markets, towards the distribution arm of our
operations in West Africa. These mix shifts are not a concern as they do not cannibalize any of our
developed markets' businesses.

To offset the impact, you know that we've been working on several levers: price realization through
revenue growth management; productivity through a variety of initiatives; building scale in emerging
markets; and addressing margins in specific product lines, most notably on-the-go pack formats. While Q1
was anything but business as usual, we did continue to make progress in this area.

As you can see, our gross profit margin was nearly flat year-on-year, aided by the absence of the divested
businesses as well as the actions I've just listed. Some of this progress was offset by input cost inflation.
Remember, we are hedged out most of the year and costs and investments related to safety and cleaning,
employee benefits food donations and logistics during the pandemic. This crisis will create some variability
around gross profit margin as we incur incremental production and incremental costs, but we will continue
to make progress towards our full year goal.

Let's turn to cash flow and capital structure on Slide #14. As shown on the slide, our cash flow was
strong in quarter 1, up significantly year-on-year despite the absence of businesses we divested last July.
Some of this was steming from quarter 4, and some of it was inventory depletion and delays of capital
investment during the pandemic. But it also reflects strength in our underlying profit performance, good
working capital management and reduced cash outlays related to restructurings.

The next chart on the slide shows our net debt position. You can see that a combination of last year's
divestiture proceeds and durable cash flow have enabled us to pay down debt and carry higher-than-usual
cash balances. In fact, you'll see that our cash position was over the -- over $1 billion at quarter end. This
is simply a proactive approach to financial flexibility in an uncertain operating environment.

Our liquidity is good. In addition to our high cash balances, we retained good access to commercial
paper, and we have $2.5 billion of back-up funding facilities. We are in solid financial shape with sufficient
flexibility.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Let's now discuss our full year outlook, starting with Slide #15. Our outlook really should be viewed in
3 time periods. First, there are the actual results of quarter 1. Clearly, these results came in better than
expected, both because of how our underlying business was performing and because of the surge in at-
home demand brought on by the pandemic.

Next, there is quarter 2. The pandemic has obviously persisted. And so far in April, we have seen
continued elevated levels of at-home consumption. There may be less net sales lift as consumption
growth has moderated, even as food away-from-home channels remain very soft. We should see positive
operating leverage from running our plants at high utilization partly offset by incremental labor and
logistics costs to do so.

And then there is quarter 3 and quarter 4, the second half of the year. Of course, no one knows how
long the pandemic and related lockdown will persist. At this time, the best we can do is prepare for a
correction, back-to-normal rates of consumption in developed markets, albeit with away-from-home
channels that will take some time to recover. In addition, we'll have increased brand-building and other
investments that have been delayed from the first half. And we have to be ready for potential softness in
emerging markets, which tend to be more vulnerable to recessionary impacts and whose currencies have
already weakened. In fact, we saw slowdown in currency devaluation in certain emerging markets already
in late Q1. So we expect to see a shift of sales and profit into the first half and out of the second half.

You'll see on Slide #16 that we are affirming our full year guidance today. We think this guidance is the
prudent way to plan right now as we manage through the crisis. Organic net sales growth will slow in the
second half. The question is how much and whether it slows enough to offset the unusually strong growth
of the first half.

Currency-neutral adjusted basis operating profit has the additional variables of shifting investment from
the first half and our desire to retain some flexibility to invest more in business opportunities as they
present themselves. Because net sales and profit are now first half-weighted and well ahead of our full
year pace through quarter 1, it would suggest some bias to the high end of our currency-neutral sales and
profit guidance ranges.

As you would expect, however, this guidance does not include 2 uncertain elements. First, it does not
include any major supply or economic disruptions. This would be something like a plant or warehouse
shutdown related to the pandemic or it could be any significant macroeconomic volatility beyond what
we've already experienced. We are in unprecedented times, and we can only guide based on what we
know right now.

And second, remember that all of our guidance is on a currency-neutral basis. The pandemic and oil
shocks triggered a marked strengthening in the U.S. dollar against major foreign currencies late in quarter
1 in both emerging and developed markets. This impacted growth in net sales, operating profit and EPS
growth by negative 1% to 1.5% in the quarter, and that really only reflected less than a month of impact.
A full quarter of these exchange rates would have had that much more negative impact. Obviously, we
can't predict where the dollar will go from here, but this can give you an idea of the magnitude of these
recent currency moves.

And with that, let me turn it back to Steve for a review of each of our major businesses.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Amit. Eventually, this crisis will pass, and we are doing everything we can to ensure that we
emerge right where we thought we'd be. Our strategy is working even as we have to modify commercial
activities in what has been essentially a supply-driven market in recent weeks. In addition, we're doing a
lot of thinking and analyzing about how the crisis is generating trial and reappraisal of some of our brands
and foods, including, for example, ready-to-eat cereal.

Let's begin with North America in Slide #18. Last July's divestiture is what pulled down adjusted basis net
sales and operating profit by roughly 14% each. Excluding that, this region posted very strong growth in
net sales and operating profit. North America had recorded organic net sales growth through the February

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

period against year-earlier growth and was on its way to a good first quarter with another quarter of
sequential acceleration. Then came March when the stay-at-home mandates went into effect, and we saw
a marked acceleration in this growth.

In the end, we estimate that this pandemic-related surge in demand accounted for about 3/4 of our North
American region's organic net sales growth in Q1. Our consumption growth well outpaced our net sales
growth in March and the quarter overall, suggesting meaningful depletions of retailer inventories.

Not everything is seeing a lift during the pandemic. Our business in foodservice, vending and convenience
stores experienced sharp and sudden net sales declines in March as schools and restaurants closed and
travel came to a halt. And that softness continues. Nonetheless, the accelerated net sales growth drove
up operating profit in our base business, which excludes the impact of divestiture. And this was despite
increased brand-building investment in the base business and incremental costs and investments related
to keeping employees safe and enabling our supply chain to keep up with demand.

Let's take a quick look at each of our 3 major category groupings in North America, starting with our
largest, snacks, on Slide #19. This is the business affected by the divestiture, but on an organic basis,
its net sales rose almost 11% year-on-year. Snacks organic growth was already strong going into March
driven by solid commercial programs and year 2 support for Cheez-It Snap'd. And then the business got
an extra boost from accelerated consumption growth.

During March, U.S. consumption for our crackers jumped almost 40% year-on-year, and our salty snacks
and portable wholesome snacks were both up nearly 30%. This consumption growth has been broad-
based across our portfolio of brands. From an occasion standpoint, we have seen less lift for on-the-go
items and more growth for pantry packs, which makes sense. We feel good about the positioning and
strength of our North America snacks business as we work daily to keep up with demand.

Now let's turn to North America cereal in Slide #20. Here too we saw a marked acceleration in U.S.
consumption growth in March, plus 43% year-on-year. Beneath that category-wide and portfolio-wide
acceleration were the early stages of our step-up in brand-building investment. It's too early to see the
results of these efforts, particularly during March's acceleration, but we're pleased to see share growth in
the taste/fun segment. Importantly, cereal is one of the food categories whose consumption has remained
at very elevated levels, even after the couple of weeks of consumer stock ups. An interesting thing to
watch will be how this stock up and elevated consumption is driving trial and reappraisal of this category.

Take a look at Slide #21. U.S. household penetration data showed that our cereal brands collectively
gained more than 3 points of penetration in March versus February and did this against all cohorts,
whether by age group, income level or households with or without kids. As I mentioned, this is something
we're studying closely and looking to build upon. We know that our cereals are getting into the pantry and
that they're getting consumed. They're iconic brands, great food, versatile across occasions and a great
value for money. Consumers rediscovering these benefits could be very positive for this category, and we
plan to seize this opportunity.

Now let's turn to our North America frozen foods business in Slide #22. Our Eggo brand had been
generating strong consumption growth and share gains through February and then saw its U.S.
consumption accelerate to over 45% in March. The same is true for Morningstar Farms in our frozen
veggie business. This on-trend brand was already showing strong double-digit momentum in consumption
in the U.S., and then its consumption growth shot up to over 66%. As our retail partners work to keep
shelves filled, many have delayed resets. So we have delayed the first wave of our launch of Incogmeato,
the Morningstar Farms' subline of refrigerated meat alternatives. Instead of launching the burger products
at the end of Q1, we now plan to launch them along with the previously planned sausage products
sometime later this year.

North America had an unusual month, to say the least, and this unusual environment continues. We've
shifted investment out of the first half given the current situation and into the second half. And for now,
we remain focused on supplying the market with food and keeping our people safe. It will be sometime
before conditions stabilize. Nonetheless, we feel good about the underlying direction of this business, and
the year's delivery just got much more front-weighted to the first half.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Now let's discuss our international businesses, starting with Europe on Slide #23. Europe got out
of the gate strongly in 2020, reporting solid organic net sales growth through our February period,
both in snacks and cereal. With the pandemic stock ups and elevated consumption in March, it got an
additional lift, probably accounting for half of its growth in the quarter. Interestingly, the lift was far
more pronounced on cereal than it was on snacks, probably because the foods consumers were most
stocking up on were meal-related, but it could also have to do with the fact that Pringles had such strong
momentum already.

Regardless, the quarter began and finished with growth across the region. In cereal, we generated
particularly promising consumption, share and penetration gains through February in the United Kingdom
and equally strong momentum in Russia. And Pringles recorded notably strong consumption in Germany,
Spain and Russia. We still have some work to do on our smaller wholesome snacks businesses, but overall,
Kellogg Europe has good underlying fundamentals. We do expect much of this quarter 1 growth to reverse
itself in the second half. The cancellation of major sporting events has taken away large promotional
activities for us starting in the second quarter, and we are having to revise commercial plans, particularly
around Pringles.

Meanwhile, we have to be wary of the currency and economic impacts on markets like Russia and
the likelihood of prolonged softness in away-from-home channels. So this is the region with the most
substantial shift in delivery to the first half, but that shouldn't take away from what is a very strong
performing region for us.

Let's now turn to Latin America in Slide #24. Latin America is a business that underwent some transition
last year, and we are pleased to report that it continues to progress well on its distributor transitions and
its ramp-up of new cereal and Pringles production facilities in Brazil. Latin America's organic net sales
growth prepandemic was quite strong as was its consumption growth, notably for Pringles in Mexico and
Brazil. Then like our other regions, albeit a bit later in the month, Latin America saw a surge in net sales in
March amidst the pandemic's stay-at-home guidelines. The lift was probably about 1/4 of Latin America's
organic net sales growth in the quarter. The uplift in March was more pronounced in cereal than it was in
snacks, similar to what we've seen in Europe, and it has continued in April. Amidst an uncertain economic
environment, we have a Latin American business that is managing well through the challenges.

And finally, we'll discuss AMEA, shown on Slide #25. This region's organic net sales growth was
exceptional, led by Africa. Multipro experienced a notably high double-digit gain, accompanied by strong
growth in our Middle East, North Africa and Turkey subregion and an encouraging share gain in South
Africa. From a pandemic standpoint, though, AMEA had less of a net positive impact than our other
regions. We saw sizable net sales lifts in developed markets like Australia, Japan and South Africa,
particularly in cereal. However, we experienced production and distribution challenges in emerging
markets mainly in Asia and Africa. So for the quarter, the pandemic impact on net sales was probably less
than 1/4 of the region's overall organic growth, and it also added to costs.

These challenges have actually gotten more severe in the second quarter with certain plants in the region
only able to produce at partial capacity according to local restrictions and distribution challenges in other
markets. In addition, Multipro is experiencing a meaningful slowdown already in the second quarter,
feeling the economic impacts of the pandemic, the oil shock, retail closures and soft demand for nonfood
products that it distributes for other companies. So while temporary and partially offset by good growth
elsewhere in the region, AMEA may see some pressure on its sales and profit during the remainder of the
year. Nevertheless, this business is operating well and has outstanding growth prospects once we emerge
from this pandemic and related economic slowdown.

Let's wrap up with a brief summary on Slide #27. None of us has ever seen the likes of this pandemic that
left us in a state of uncertainty with a continuous flow of heartbreaking infection statistics and also heart-
rendering acts of courage and selflessness. We can only hope that this crisis passes quickly and that we
can all get on with our normal lives.

As a company, we can only manage through the crisis in the right way: keeping our employees safe,
supplying food to customers and consumers and giving back to our communities. I think we're managing
these priorities well. And we feel good about our underlying business. We got off to a good start to the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

year even before COVID-19, sustaining our top line momentum, progressing towards stabilization of gross
profit margin, investing in key brands and delivering strong cash flow. We're confident that when the crisis
abates, we'll be on solid footing to resume with our strategy and plans.

From a financial standpoint, our earnings are now more weighted toward the first half than originally
planned as the crisis had shifted sales into the first half and deferred investments to the second half.
That's a better shape from a planning stance even if the second half business environment is anything
but clear. Meantime, with economic recession looming, we are making sure that we have solid financial
flexibility.

We may be managing through an unprecedented crisis, but we remain committed to our strategy. As
the world emerges from this crisis, you can be sure we will continue to build our plans around a balance
between sales growth, profit growth and cash growth over time, always looking to make our brands and
our company stronger.

In closing, I want to thank our employees for their dedication and hard work. There is nothing normal
about the situation in which we find ourselves today. And our employees have risen to the challenge,
taking the extra steps necessary to keep each other safe, to supply the world with food and to give back
to our communities. I could not be more proud to be a part of this great company.
And with that, we'll open it up for your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler.

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Can you touch on the promotional environment and trade spending? And how much, if any, benefit are you
getting? Clearly, there's such strong consumer demand, it doesn't seem like the time to price promote. Or
you -- do you have flexibility around that? And then if so, how much of that just gets deferred? Or is there
an opportunity for calendar year savings to come from that?

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Michael, thanks for the question. A couple of things I would tell you. First off, for competitive reasons, we
don't talk about promotional activity. But what I can tell you is in the first quarter, because the pandemic
hit so late, it was really a normal environment in terms of pulling back of promotions, not executing
commercial activities and so forth.

Obviously, that changes as we get into the second quarter, which is why we're saying that the second half
of the year will have some of the deferred investments from the first half of the year. But the first quarter
looked a little bit more normal through really the first -- completely normal through the first 2 months,
and it was really the last 2 weeks of March that saw the incredible changes, which was really too late to
change the commercial activities that we had in place.

We did increase brand building in the first quarter, again, for the same reasons. We've committed to doing
that. So January and February, we were seeing good organic growth, good commercial activation, good
pull-through from our programs. But obviously, everything changed once the pandemic hit.

Operator

The next question is from David Palmer with Evercore ISI.

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

A question on how you think things are really going to be impacting your business ongoing into '21. If you
were to think pre-COVID about '21 earnings and then now after the crisis, how are you looking at that
year differently than you did before in terms of, say, earnings power? I would imagine that you're going
to have some opportunities to do some brand-building investments this year that you might not have
had. There might even be some positives in terms of the ongoing restaurant declines into that year. But
obviously, you noted some other weaknesses out there like emerging markets that may have a negative
hangover. So any thoughts about broad-strokes impacts to '21 and beyond?

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. David, thanks for the question. Right now, during this pandemic, we're really focused on our
employees' safety, supplying food to the marketplace and aiding our communities when they need it most.
This has created an opportunity to invest in our business in the second half. How that affects 2021, it's
far too early to tell. But we do see opportunities where our products are getting into homes, penetration
is going up, consumption is going up. So we're going to continue to invest in our brands, invest in our
people, invest in our business, invest in our company, all with the goal of coming out of this pandemic
with a stronger company than we go into it. But just far too early to really talk about what the 2020
environment might look like.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Operator

Next question is from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I'm wondering if you can help us -- I know it's not easy, but maybe estimate the dollar cost of your direct
COVID expenses, things like bonuses, cleaning, et cetera, and how that looks heading into 2Q. And I'm
really curious how much of that is onetime versus ongoing because, very clearly, I think, across the board
versus what some people expected a month ago in food, maybe the flow-through from sales to EBITDA
has a bit more restrained than what some people had modeled a few weeks ago. Obviously, efficiency
efforts are put on hold. It's critical to produce volume with, I guess, less regard than usual for margins.
But I do think investors are sort of asking for a better sense of how much of these current incremental
costs are truly onetime and fade as we get into the back half versus things that are going to be ongoing
for a little bit of time. And I know it's just a hard question to answer, but at least -- with the visibility you
have so far, I think it would be useful perhaps.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Ken, thanks for the question. Obviously, there are onetime direct costs that hit us as we started
to prepare ourselves for the pandemic, things like employee bonuses and benefits to our heroes on the
front line to make sure that they're safe and that they're being rewarded for what they're doing for their
communities and for our customers and so forth.

Warehouse and logistics costs obviously going up when you're -- when you see demand spikes like this,
you have to invest to make sure that our customer service is as high as we can possibly make it. And a
shout out to our customers. I mean the environment and customers and the way that they've leaned in,
and almost the -- what I call the esprit de corps among the whole industry has been really inspiring, to tell
you the truth.

And then safety. Just safety protocols that are different than what they've been, PPE equipment and so
forth, operating in environments with social distancing, changing the way the shifts go in and out, all these
things are costs that many will be onetime in nature as and when this pandemic is over, when a vaccine is
in place, when we're back to a normal environment, let's say.

So to be a little bit more direct with your question, you can think about roundabout $10 million in the first
quarter for us in direct costs related to the things that I just described. Obviously, that was the end of the
-- just the end of the first quarter, so that will be higher in the second quarter. And so that's the way we're
looking at it. We're not going to make any compromises. We'll make the right level of investments to keep
our people safe. That's the most important thing.

Amit Banati
Senior VP & CFO

I think if I could just add. From a forex standpoint, most of the transactional forex, we were covered. So
I think from a transactional standpoint, the impact of forex was limited. However, from a translational
standpoint, as you well know, the dollar strengthened sharply, and that was right towards the end of the
quarter. So that's something that we'd expect to have more of an impact as we go through the year.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. That's helpful. Can I ask a very quick follow-up? I think, Amit, you had said that you're assuming that
in the second half, away-from-home is weaker still, but food-at-home is just back to normal. So first, is
that correct?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

And second, I'm not sure why that would be the case, I guess. It feels a little conservative to me to
assume that away-from-home is weaker, but food-at-home is just back to normal. Wouldn't it maybe
stand to reason that food-at-home would be a little bit better if people are eating at home a little more?

Amit Banati
Senior VP & CFO

I think it's fair to assume that foodservice would take longer to ramp back up. So I think that's an
assumption going into the second half. I think emerging markets -- we're starting to see softness in the
emerging markets. So there's an assumption that emerging markets in the second half would be impacted
and that there'd be a moderation in the at-home consumption.

Now things are uncertain, so it's hard to -- we've done a range of scenarios, and it's hard to kind of
pinpoint on one particular assumption. But that's -- those are the headline assumptions that we've used as
we've looked at the second half.

Operator

The next question is from David Driscoll with DD Research.

David Christopher Driscoll
DD Research LLC

I want to follow up on Ken's second question. I think this is the big one. In the second half of the year,
when you say there is the giveback, I mean, it really does seem that in-home consumption is up. It's
going to stay up at some level versus whatever the baselines were for 2020, including the second half.
Why is it that you think that profits are going to be so much lower that you're just keeping the guidance
consistent?

I mean -- I guess I just want to say it directly. Are you just trying to take a conservative approach
because it's just so hard? Because it really feels like on balance, your foodservice business and these
away-from-home channels are a smaller portion. If you're at-home consumption is elevated in the second
half, you should have a net positive. But it could just be you don't really know when you're taking a
conservative view, but I'd really like to test the strength of your conviction on that comment.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. David, thanks for the question. And I think I wouldn't disagree with anything that you're saying. But
the real answer is who knows? Who knows how long this change persists and the magnitude of it? And
so I think we can be characterized as taking a prudent approach here. And we think prudence in this very
uncertain environment is the right way to go.

And I'd give you really 4 reasons why we're thinking about this. One is what I just said, the environment
is incredibly uncertain. In fact, most companies are actually withdrawing guidance because of this
uncertainty, and we're affirming guidance.

The second is lost activities in the second and third quarter. So you have things like the European
Championship in Europe, which is a big event for Pringles. That's not going to happen. You have the lag
impact of investments that we're going to make in the second half that are not in the first half. So there
is a big shift from the first half to the second half in investments, and there's some volume that's going to
come out in the second half because these promotional activities around sports and other things are not
going to happen.

The third is emerging markets' slowdown. We're already seeing it in large markets like Nigeria, where we
have a big business. You'd think about oil-based economies, and nobody ever imagined oil would be where
it is right now. Well, that's going to impact these economies. And so we think we can manage through.
We've got the right playbook. We've been here before. But it's going to have an impact. Emerging markets
are going to slow down.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

And then finally, and you touched on this, we will have the flexibility to reinvest in the business to make
this company stronger and stronger and come out of this pandemic with very good share positions, very
high brand equity scores, people who we've invested in and just a better company. And so we think that
this is the right approach. Like to think we get some credit for affirming guidance and not withdrawing it,
but we think this is the right approach, a prudent approach and the right approach for us.

David Christopher Driscoll
DD Research LLC

Can I just do a quick follow-up on your SKU counts? And are you taking this opportunity to reduce your
SKUs? And will this have any significant impact on the business going forward?

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. David, the answer to that is yes. We need our plants to operate at the highest potential possible in
terms of throughputs. So that's meant really focusing on core SKUs. And if you look at the syndicated data
and you look at things like -- just take ready-to-eat cereal, you look at blue box, Frosted Flakes, you look
at red box, Froot Loops, you look at orange box, Frosted Mini-Wheats. Brands are doing very well and
growing, and we're really focused on them. Core items and Cheez-It, same thing.

How this manifests itself post-crisis, we'll see. But I would suspect that -- this is not giving 2021 guidance.
But I would suspect in 2021, grocery stores, retail outlets will probably have less SKUs than they had
going into the pandemic. But we'll just have to wait and see.

Operator

The next question is from Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I think the guidance implies a stronger North America performance this year than you previously
expected. And I think that, that's rational, I hope I'm correct, because the offset is really in the emerging
markets and maybe a little bit to Europe. So I just want to make sure I'm right on that.

And also, when you mentioned these channels that are declining, like foodservice, c-store, travel, is that
about like 10% or 15% of North America? Is that a fair assessment?

And then the last question was you mentioned some inventory deloading at retail. Is it possible that, that
comes back in 2Q as a [ benefit ]?

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks for the question, Rob. First off, North America, the answer is yes. They are performing at a
very high level and driving a lot of excellent performance. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, Europe
is really the business that was benefited from the first half, and because of Euro Championship and other
things I mentioned, will not have the same strength in the second half. And then obviously, the other 2
regions are very emerging market-focused. And I just talked you through some of the concerns around
emerging markets. So you've got that right.

In terms of the away-from-home business in North America, well, let's talk globally, it's about 8% to
10% of our business globally. Foodservice, vending, c-stores, college university, schools, obviously, this
business was obviously significantly impacted as everybody knows. And how that comes back, when that
comes back, how quickly it comes back, we'll just have to see. The teams have done a phenomenal job
at things like delivering food to children who are out of school. And so they're very hard at work at doing
community-based things. But the business has really dramatically changed as you know.

In terms of North America, though, it's less than 15% of North America business. Internationally, it's less
significant. It's kind of less than 5%, that channel, of our international businesses.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

And the retail inventory deloading?

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Sorry. So yes, if you look, obviously, our consumption dramatically outpaced our shipments. And so
you can think about inventory in the system being down. How quickly we can rebuild inventories will be a
function of what happens with ongoing consumption. And right now, we're seeing consumption continue
quite strong. So the ability to rebuild inventories, again, we'll have to wait as we just continue to run flat
out to supply the demand that's right in front of us.

Operator

The next question is from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

So next question I have is around the share trends in U.S. Cereal. It looks as though as the pandemic
accelerated, you lost some ground there. And I'm just curious about whether that's capacity constraints or
pricing dynamics or whether you plan to make that or you hope to make that up over the next few weeks
and months.

And then just a second question, a quick follow-up. You mentioned in the prepared remarks that you've
been studying what works in previous recessions and what might be different this time. I'd love any sort of
color commentary you've got on what those insights were and how you think things might be different.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks, Alexia. So starting with the cereal and share question. Right now, we're really in a supply-
driven market. But we have lost share. And so admittedly, that's the case. What's happened, though, as
you think about the demand that this pandemic has created, it's really been -- especially most recently,
if you look at the Nielsen, what you characterize as the taste/fun, the kids segment driving the category;
secondarily, the all-family segment, slightly behind that; and trailed by the adult segment. And so the
structural makeup of our portfolio is what's creating that share loss because it's happening in the adult
segment, which is up less than the rest of the categories.

We're making progress and gaining share in the kids segment, brands like Frosted Flakes and Froot Loops.
And so we're not -- as you've heard me say in the past, we're not in the business of donating share.
But right now, we're doing everything we can to satisfy the orders that are coming in. And so we'll stay
mindful of the health of our brands. That's what I talked about, investing in our brands and making sure
that we come out of this stronger than when we went into it. And so that's kind of the case with U.S.
ready-to-eat cereal.

In terms of the recessions in a softer economic environment, which obviously, we just saw the results
or the GDP numbers yesterday, the just heartbreaking unemployment figures that continue to come
out in the United States, 30 million people unemployed, just shocking numbers. And so we're preparing
ourselves.

And so some of the learnings from past recessions are entry-level price points are important, family size
is important, being mindful, though, of continuing to invest in your brands is really important because it's
about value for money. And maybe one of the most important things is don't stop innovating. And so some
of the mistakes made across categories in recessions is a hunkering down mentality, which takes away
brand building and slows up on innovation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

And people still want good news. People want fun. They want to try things in an affordable way. And
our brands are iconic. They bring joy. And so we'll be bound and determined to continue to invest, to
innovate, but to be very mindful of the price value relationship and making sure that people understand
how economic, for example, ready-to-eat cereal is in terms of a meal solution. It's an incredibly economic
way to feed your family.

John P. Renwick
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Planning

Operator, we're going to have to cut it there. We gave a few more extra minutes because of the technical
delays upfront. But thank you, everyone, for your interest. And if you do have follow-ups, please, by all
means, give me a call. Thanks for your participation.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, everybody.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

