Kellogg Company NYSE:K
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 06, 2020 2:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.86

0.91

5.81

1.01

3.88

3.94

1.55

4.03

3181.77

3223.00

1.30

3351.46

13528.72

13578.00

0.36

13360.07

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-06-2020 2:05 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.95

0.92

0.97

0.86

1.01

0.99

1.03

0.91

6.32 %

7.61 %

6.19 %

5.81 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
KELLOGG COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Amit Banati
Senior VP & CFO

John P. Renwick
Vice President of Investor
Relations & Corporate Planning

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

ANALYSTS

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Laurent Daniel Grandet
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company's Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator
Instructions] Thank you. Please note that this conference is being recorded. And at this time, I will turn
the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning for the Kellogg
Company. Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.

John P. Renwick
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Planning

Thank you, Gary. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for a review of our fourth quarter and
full year 2019 results as well as our initial outlook for 2020.

I am joined this morning by Steve Cahillane, our Chairman and CEO; and Amit Banati, our Chief Financial
Officer.

Slide #3 shows our usual forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements
made today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, are forward-looking
statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information
concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to this third slide of the
presentation as well as to our public SEC filings.

A replay of today's conference call will be available by phone on Thursday, February 13. The call will also
be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days.

As always, when referring to our results and outlook, unless otherwise noted, we will be referring to them
on a currency-neutral basis for net sales and on a currency-neutral adjusted basis for operating profit and
earnings per share.

Additionally, please note that when we discuss the impact of last July's divestiture, we will be referring
only to the absence of the divested businesses, net sales and profit.

And now I'll turn it over to Steve.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone.

2019 is now in the books, and we're pleased with the progress we made. We stayed on strategy and
on plan all year long, and we did what we said we would do right through Q4. And this was in spite of
significant changes in investments made throughout the year, all aimed at building a solid foundation for
steady, dependable financial delivery. The primary goal of 2019 was to return to organic net sales growth,
and we did that. In fact, Slide #5 shows that we sustained our accelerated growth right through the fourth
quarter.

For the quarter and for the full year, this was our best organic net sales growth in several years, and
this return to organic net sales growth is the strongest evidence that our Deploy for Growth strategy is
working.

We grew in all 4 quarters with full year growth in all 4 regions. We utilized revenue growth management
to restore positive price realization in all regions, and we improved our end market performance in key
countries and categories.

Even as we were delivering on our 2019 plans, we were busy driving important changes intended to
build a foundation for the future. Some of these changes and investments are shown on Slide #6. We
significantly restructured our organization in 2019, starting with North America at the beginning of the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

year, followed by corporate and then the international regions. With reduced layers and fewer business
unit silos, we can now assess resource allocation more holistically and make faster decisions.

From a portfolio standpoint, we divested 4 businesses in a single transaction. This divestiture improves
our portfolio's underlying growth rate and its profit margins while enabling our organization to sharpen its
focus on our core businesses. We also enhanced our financial flexibility by using the divestiture proceeds
to pay down $1 billion of debt. And from an investment standpoint, we continue to expand and build scale
in emerging markets. In addition to growing our existing businesses, we rapidly built up distribution of
Kellogg noodles in Africa. We established local production of Pringles for the first time in Africa and Latin
America as well as noodles in Egypt and South Africa. And we shifted production of cereal in Brazil to a
new, more efficient facility.

There was some upfront capital and costs related to these moves, but they will facilitate profitable growth
well into the future. All of these business and portfolio realignment actions were large and important, and
they contribute greatly to the foundation we are building.

It's also important that we delivered the results that we had guided to. Amit will go into more detail in a
moment, but I want to emphasize that our return to dependability starts with doing what we said we do,
and this includes delivering on our financial guidance.

We plan to sustain this dependable performance in 2020, including a more balanced financial delivery.
Again, Amit will walk you through the specifics in just a moment, but the key elements of this balance plan
are depicted on Slide #7.

First, we plan to continue to grow our net sales organically in 2020 in the 1% to 2% range that we think is
sustainable. It should feature a little more balance between volume and price/mix. And again, it should be
broad-based, and it should be led by our biggest, most differentiated brands.

Second, we plan to improve our underlying profitability, swinging to operating profit growth, excluding
the divestiture impact. We'll continue to gradually improve our gross profit margin as we continue to
utilize revenue growth management, generate productivity savings in our supply chain and complete the
restoration of On the Go margins. We'll also continue to manage our overhead tightly.

Third, we will increase our investment behind our brands. Some of this increase is related to specific
pullbacks we had to do in the first half of 2019 such as when we pause RX advertising during its supplier-
related recall and paused investment in U.S. cereal as we harmonize pack sizes. And most of the increase
is around new opportunities.

For example, our launch of Incogmeato, ready-to-cook meat alternatives, and our Pringles and Pop-Tarts
commercials during the Super Bowl. In U.S. cereal, we're not just lapping the harmonization-related
pullbacks. We're going all-in on a comprehensive plan. And internationally, there are other promising
product launches and expansions. These are all unique opportunities, and we are reinvesting the profit of
a 53rd week this year to help offset this increase in investment.

And finally, we'll continue to enhance our financial flexibility, not only by improving our cash flow, but also
by using that cash flow after dividends for paying down debt. In short, we're planning for a more balanced
delivery with prudent forecasts as we build a foundation for sustainable growth.

So with that, let me turn it over to Amit who will take you through our financial results and outlook in
more detail. Amit?

Amit Banati
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone.

Our quarter 4 and full year 2019 results are summarized on Slide #9. We finished 2019 with a quarter
4 that again featured sequential acceleration in organic net sales growth and sequential improvement in
gross profit margin. It also featured increased investment in A&P and effective overhead management.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Excluding the year-on-year impacts of the divestiture, we delivered another quarter of operating profit
growth, and we delivered good cash flow. All in, it was a solid finish to the year.

The results were obviously affected by the divestiture, which closed at the end of July. The absence of
these businesses results in quarter 4 had a negative impact on reported net sales, and it more than offset
our base business growth in operating profit and earnings per share. We'll go into more detail on net sales
and operating profit in a moment.

Our earnings per share finished in line with the year ago fourth quarter as the negative impact of the
divestiture was offset by base business profit growth and favorability in some items below operating profit.
Interest expense decreased in quarter 4 as expected, owing to using divestiture proceeds to pay down
debt. Other income in quarter 4 was similar to recent quarters in absolute dollars, but year-on-year, it
was very favorable because of lapping the impact of the quarter 4 2018 soon in financial markets, which
impacted our insurance investments. Our effective tax rate benefited from a modest tax benefit.

Our cash flow was also affected by the divestiture, specifically by almost $500 million. As discussed
previously, this was not just the absence of the divested businesses' profits. This impact also included
upfront costs and working capital timing differences as well as, most significantly, taxes on the divestiture
proceeds. Remember, the proceeds are not in the cash flow, but the taxes, some $255 million, are
included in the cash flow. Excluding this divestiture impact, our base business cash flow was quite stable.

It's important to note that we finished 2019 on our guidance for each of the 4 guided metrics whose
only changed during the year had been to incorporate the divestiture. As Steve mentioned, we're
aiming for improved predictability and dependability, and we demonstrated that in 2019, even despite
reorganizations, investment shifts and some near-term macroeconomic challenges, particularly in the
second half.

Let's now go into more detail. We'll start at the top of the P&L with net sales growth on Slide #10. We
continue to post strong organic net sales growth coming in at 2.7% in the quarter and bringing our
full year growth to 1.9%, the high end of our guidance range. Once again, all 4 regions grew net sales
organically in quarter 4.

Importantly, we continue to realize price, reflecting revenue growth management actions, and we saw in
quarter 4 a much better balance between price/mix and volume, both of which grew more than 1% year-
on-year.

Among our categories globally, snacks, again, led the organic net sales growth in quarter 4, increasing
in all 4 regions. Frozen foods had its best quarter of growth of the year, and noodles and other products
continue to post solid growth. Cereal sales were flat in the quarter on continued international growth and a
meaningful moderation in North America's decline.

In its first full quarter out of our results, the divestiture negatively impacted net sales growth by about
5.5%. For the full year, its impact was directly offset by the positive acquisition impact of consolidating
Multipro, our West Africa distributor, which anniversaried back in quarter 2.

Lastly, after running negative all year, currency translation was neutral in the fourth quarter. It finished the
year at a negative 1.7% impact.

Now let's turn to our gross profit margin on Slide #11. Our goal this year was to sequentially improve
gross profit margin performance every quarter, and that is exactly how it played out. Looking at the
buckets we have been using to explain this improvement, let's start with the mechanical impact of
acquisitions and divestitures.

The consolidation of Multipro created a headwind until it anniversaried during quarter 2, and then
the divestiture created a small tailwind beginning in quarter 3. No surprises here, and we'll have this
divestiture tailwind for 2 more full quarters as well as a month in quarter 3.

Next, the ongoing bucket remained modestly negative. This is our input costs, net of any productivity and
savings. There was no major changes in our underlying cost inflation rate, though we had expected to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

see at least a little moderation, which may materialize. And while cost inflation should moderate in the
aggregrate during 2020, there are some inputs that our sugar, potatoes and various types of packaging
that have turned more inflationary.

And lastly, there is the growth-related bucket, which continued to moderate during quarter 4 as we had
anticipated. We still had some negative country and category mix shifts, and we did have start-up costs on
new plants. However, we were able to offset much of this with price realization and sequential restoration
of margins on our On the Go pack formats. We expect this bucket to continue to get less negative over the
course of 2020 as we get past brand start-ups and other costs and as productivity programs gain traction.

On SG&A expense, we continue to realize benefits related to organizational restructurings getting back
to early in the year. Partially offsetting this overhead favorability in quarter 4 was an increase in A&P
investment. Not only will some of this increase related to shifts from prior quarters, but we also elected
to add investment during the quarter. The result of our good organic net sales growth, moderating gross
margin decline and year-on-year decrease in overhead was another quarter of growth in operating profit
before the impact of the divestiture.

So to wrap up 2019's financial results. Let's turn to Slide #12. We returned to organic net sales growth,
which was our top financial priority. And it's important to see that we grew in all regions and across most
of our important brands and categories. We made steady sequential improvement in gross profit margin
performance each quarter as planned, and we'll continue to make progress in this important area.

We invested in the future. We invested in capacity, primarily in fast-growing emerging markets, but also
for certain foods and pack formats in developed markets. We invested in innovation. And while our brand-
building levels were lower in the quarters that lapped 2018's large infusion of incremental investment, we
supported our key brands all year, increasing A&P year-on-year in the fourth quarter.

We delivered on our guidance for net sales, operating profit, earnings per share and cash flow. And we
strengthened our balance sheet, using the proceeds of the divestiture to pay down debt. This gives us
added financial flexibility.

Now let's turn to 2020 with our initial guidance, shown on Slide #13. As Steve mentioned, we believe we
have a prudent outlook that delivers balanced financial results while providing the flexibility we need to
step up investment behind some specific opportunities and to contend with some less favorable macro
environments.

We expect organic net sales growth to continue to run in the 1% to 2% range. Some businesses will do
better than they did in 2019, while some will lap unusually strong performances of 2019, and others like
Brazil and Nigeria, will continue to face challenging macro conditions in the near term. On the whole, this
growth rate represents solid, sustainable performance.

Excluded from the organic growth, of course, is the impact of the divestiture. The absence of those
divested businesses negatively impacts net sales by about 4 percentage points in 2020. The organic
growth also excludes the benefit of a 53rd week at the end of 2020, which, based on prior experience,
typically amounts to about 1.5 percentage points.

Currency-neutral adjusted operating profit is expected to decline by about 4% as the absence of the
divested businesses has a mechanical impact of approximately negative 6%, more than offsetting a return
to operating profit growth for our base business. This base business growth includes a sizable increase
in investment, in brands and initiatives, which is only partially covered by the benefit of a 53rd week.
This projected underlying growth in operating profit, even with the increased investment, is a big positive
swing from 2019 and right in line with our plan for steady, gradual improvement.

Currency-neutral adjusted EPS is expected to decline by 3% to 4%. Again, growth in the base business is
more than offset by the roughly 5% negative impact of the divestiture after considering the divestiture's
full year benefit on interest expense from using the proceeds to pay down debt last year.

Below the operating profit line, the various items are fairly mixed. Interest expense will be lower because
of a full year of debt reduced by the divestiture proceeds, and other income will be higher because of the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

positive impact on pension assets of last year's strong financial markets, though partially offset by our
recent decision to reduce risk in our pension portfolio and decrease our expected return on assets.

On the other hand, our effective tax rate will be higher, mainly due to lapping 2019's discrete benefit,
and our average shares outstanding will likely drift higher as we prioritize debt reduction over share
repurchases.

And finally, cash flow should increase strongly to roughly $900 million to $1 billion. This is close to our
base business -- base business' normal run rate, even less -- even after the absence of our divested
business' cash flow.

There are a couple of factors that definitely altered the shape of our quarters this year. The first is the
year-on-year impact of the divestiture. In other words, the impact of the absence of the divested business'
net sales and operating profit. This is shown on Slide #14. Remember, the divestiture has 7 months
impact in 2020 as opposed to only 5 months in 2019. And it also includes the highly seasonal Girl Scouts
business, which happens almost entirely in the first quarter of the year. That's why you'll see a much
larger year-on-year impact in quarter 1. Then the second quarter should be similar to what we saw in
quarter 4. And quarter 3 only has 4 weeks of impact as the divestiture laps at the end of July.

The second factor to consider is timing of investment. As mentioned, we are increasing investment
meaningfully in 2020, even reinvesting the extra profit from our 53rd week to help fund it. There are some
good reasons why the bulk of this year-on-year impact is heavily weighted to the first 2 quarters.

First, there are some businesses that are lapping deliberate pullbacks. For example, U.S. cereal had its
pullback last year in quarter 1 and quarter 2 during the pack size harmonization. RX had to pull back
during the first half, following its supplier-related recall.

Second, there is simple calendar timing. For instance, Pringles and Pop-Tarts Super Bowl ad obviously had
to be in quarter 1. And our initial launch of Incogmeato meat alternatives is scheduled for late quarter 1
and early quarter 2. So the divestiture impact and the investment increases are first half weighted. And
then there is the 53rd week, which only benefits quarter 4.

So to wrap up our financial section. We feel good about our improved financial results in 2019, and we
entered 2020 in solid financial condition and with plans for continued gradual improvement in 2020. Our
goal is steady, dependable financial delivery, and we are clearly on the right track.

And with that, let me turn it back to Steve for a review of each of our major businesses.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Amit. Let's begin with North America in Slide #16. North America continued to show improvement
in Q4, completing a year of progress amidst tremendous change, both to our portfolio and to our
organizational structure. On the face of the P&L, the results get a little drowned out by the absence of
our recently divested business. The impact of the divestiture was about 9 percentage points on net sales.
We grew sales organically in North America by more than 1% in the fourth quarter and slightly for the
full year. Both time periods represented North America's best organic net sales growth performance since
2012. It all starts with consumption, and you can see on the slide that we improved consumption growth
significantly in 2019 right through the fourth quarter. This growth was across most of our categories. It
was led by our biggest, most differentiated brands, and it reflected gains in our core product lines as well
as incremental innovation.

We also grew net sales organically in our away-from-home channels in both the quarter and full year
aided by good consumption growth across most of our key categories in the Foodservice and Convenience
channels. From a profit standpoint, results are better than they look as the mechanical impact of the
absence of our divested businesses more than offset operating profit growth in our base business in
quarter 4. And this underlying profit growth included a strong year-on-year increase in A&P. So even as
we worked to restore top line growth in North America, we continue to make progress in improving our
underlying profitability and investing for the future.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Now let's discuss each major category in a little more detail. We'll start with snacks, our largest category
in North America on Slide #17. As you can see, we recorded another quarter of solid organic net sales
growth in this business. And just as it has been all year, it is driven by consumption in each of our 3
categories. This was led by the power brands that we revitalized in 2018 but was also driven by our most
successful class of innovation launches in many years and other brands that we began to revitalize in
2019.

In crackers, we continue to outpace the category on the strength of Cheez-It whose double-digit growth
this year came equally from the core lineup and from this year's sensational innovation platform Snap'd.
Importantly, we also returned the Club cracker brand to growth as well. We expect to continue to grow in
crackers in 2020. Yes, comparisons will be tougher, but we have strong commercial plans, and we'll also
have added capacity for supply-constrained Snap'd.

Pringles continued to grow consumption in the fourth quarter despite lapping a notably strong year ago
performance. Our new Wavy line has been incremental, and we also continue to grow our On the Go pack
formats, including immediate consumption and multi packs. We have strong plans for this brand in 2020,
and we got them kicked off last weekend with our new ad during the Super Bowl.

So even with a recent price increase to cover sharply rising potato and packaging costs, we are confident
we can continue to grow Pringles.

Finally, in portable wholesome snacks, we had another good year and quarter Rice Krispies Treats is a
powerhouse brand whose growth accelerated in 2019 from -- both from core growth and innovation. Pop-
Tarts bounced back to growth in 2019, and we extended our brand revitalization efforts to include Nutri-
Grain, which also grew consumption. So North America snacks is in good position to sustain its growth.

Let's now turn to cereal in Slide #18. As you can see, our net sales declines moderated meaningfully in
the fourth quarter as we return to full commercial activity. We've talked previously about our decision to
take a big bang approach to our pack size harmonization last year as opposed to a more gradual, less
disruptive approach. We do not regret it. Our shelf is immensely more shoppable, and we can cross-
promote brands that we couldn't previously.

While it meant not being able to fire on all cylinders for a couple of quarters, it's behind us. In the fourth
quarter, we made our best progress yet towards stabilizing this business. In the quarter, our consumption
declined by less than 1% compared to our full year consumption being down almost 3%. That's a
significant moderation.

We, again, grew share in the Taste/Fun segment, with consumption and share growth accelerating behind
Frosted Flakes and its Mission Tiger campaign as well as growth in brands like Froot Loops, Corn Pops and
Krave where we ramped up our commercial activity.

In health and wellness, our new Special K campaign and positioning went on air late in the third quarter,
and we saw the brand's declines moderate further in the fourth quarter, helping slower declines in this
segment overall.

Our all family segment is the one where we haven't yet made progress. This is principally due to many
leads, which not only lapped good growth in the year ago third and fourth quarters, but we didn't fully
return to advertising and activity behind that brand in quarter 4, choosing instead to ensure our recent
production shifts were on solid footing. We expect that brand's performance to improve in 2020 as we
return to full support.

I recognize we talk a lot about our snacks, frozen foods and emerging markets businesses, and for good
reason, but we never lose sight of the fact that cereal is incredibly important to us, and it is our legacy.

In 2020, we'll be executing a full year of commercial activity, investing behind a plan that we feel very
good about. It's a plan that includes more innovation, more brand-building and more exciting in-store
activity. I want to emphasize our confidence in our ability to perform much better in 2020. Make no
mistake, with respect to cereal, we are in it to win it.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Let's complete our North America discussion with Frozen Foods on Slide #19. It was another quarter
of good performance. Morningstar Farms, our leading brand of frozen plant-based meat alternatives,
built on its accelerated growth. Consumption in the fourth quarter increased again at a double-digit rate,
again, gaining share. Impressively, this accelerated consumption and share growth has been driven across
product segments, as you can see on the slide. Clearly, the breadth of our product line, along with strong
brand communication, is working, and we're expanding distribution. And as we discussed, we'll enter the
ready-to-cook category late in first quarter 2020 with the Morningstar, Incogmeato line. We should also
note the growth we've generated in Foodservice and K-12 schools. So obviously, we're excited about our
Morningstar Farms business.

In frozen breakfast, our core Eggo from the griddle business, which encompasses frozen waffles, pancakes
and French toast, grew consumption slightly year-on-year in the quarter and by almost 2% for the full
year. That growth has been led by innovation in the French toast and pancakes segments as well as
sustained momentum for Eggo's premium Thick & Fluffy waffles subline, which grew by nearly 30%. Kashi
has also accelerated its growth in this category as we pursue a natural and organic occasion. Overall,
including all subcategories, our frozen breakfast consumption declined as expected, but this reflected our
continued phasing out of certain noncore products.

As we invest behind the momentum and expansion of Morningstar Farms and sustained steady growth in
Eggo, we expect continued growth in North America frozen foods in 2020.

Now let's discuss our international businesses, starting with Europe on Slide #20. We had another very
good year in Europe, and the fourth quarter was our ninth straight quarter of organic net sales growth in
this region, a region with some very mature markets and challenging retailer environments.

Leading our growth has been Pringles, which finished with high single-digit consumption growth in the
quarter and full year. It grew throughout the region, led by double-digit gains in markets like the U.K. and
Spain. Driving this growth has been a promotional program targeted toward gaming, a new innovation
platform featuring Asia-inspired rice-infused crisps and continuing to expand our On the Go pack formats.
We have big growth to lap for Pringles in 2020, but our commercial plans are strong, and we're executing
well.

We also had a good year and a good fourth quarter in cereal. Region-wide, our cereal consumption
returned to growth in the second half of 2019 led by good growth in taste brands like Crunchy Nut, Coco
Pops and Tresor. New packaging and positioning has returned Special K to growth in the U.K., giving us
confidence in executing similar programs elsewhere in 2020.

We're especially pleased with our performance in the U.K. overall. In that market, we grew consumption
by almost 2% for the year and more than 5% in the fourth quarter. So we've got good reasons to believe
we can be at least stable on cereal in Europe in 2020.

We made some progress on transforming wholesome snacks in 2019 with good performance by Rice
Krispies Squares in the U.K., innovation on our extra brand in France and the expansion of the Kellogg's
master brand in Italy. There is still more work to do, and we have good plans for continuing to stabilize
this business in 2020.

Within Europe, we do have an emerging market, and that is Russia and Central Europe. In Russia, in
2019, we generated strong double-digit consumption growth in cereal, gaining share behind Krave and our
local brand as well as the launch of Extra brand granola. We also continued to expand Pringles in Russia,
growing consumption at a double-digit rate and gaining share. Meanwhile, we continue to expand into
Central Europe. So we have good reasons to be confident in top line growth again in Europe in 2020. And
with enhanced revenue growth management and a reorganization that we executed in 2019, we have
room to increase investment in 2020 and still deliver margin expansion.

Let's turn to Latin America on Slide #21. We continue to grow organic net sales in 2019, though reported
net sales were affected by the divestiture. For our Latin America business, 2019 was a year of momentum,
transition and economic challenges. The momentum was principally in Mexico. In this key market, we
continue to drive consumption and share growth in 2019, and we did it in all 3 major categories, as shown

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

on the slide. We have strong commercial plans again in 2020, giving us confidence that we can sustain
momentum in this important market.

The transition was in Central America where we are changing distributors, and in Brazil where we are
transforming our supply chain. Specifically, we started up our first local production for Pringles in Brazil,
and we moved our cereal production out of São Paulo into a new modern plant on Parati site in Sao
Lourenco. All of these actions have strong long-term benefits, but they did result in incremental costs
and temporary supply chain -- supply constraints during quarter 3 and especially quarter 4. These issues
moved behind us during 2020.

And then there were the economic challenges. In Puerto Rico, our biggest market in our Caribbean and
Central America subregion, economic softness continues to affect all categories. Meantime, Brazil is seeing
softness across categories as well. While our growth in Brazil has been slowed by these conditions, we
have been able to sustain consumption growth in our key categories, including cereal, cookies, salty
snacks and powder drinks.

So while the economic challenges may persist into 2020, we like how we are positioned in these markets.
2019 was not a typical year for Kellogg in Latin America, and we expect to be back in growth in both top
line and bottom line in 2020.

We'll finish our business update with our fastest-growing region, AMEA, shown on Slide #22. We finished
2019 with very strong organic net sales growth in AMEA right through the fourth quarter. Our Africa
strategy continued to play out with a first full year of Multipro in our results as well as the realignment of
our Middle East, North Africa and Turkey businesses into AMEA and the rapid expansion of a new Kellogg's
branded noodles business.

This paid off in strong growth. We saw good results in Pringles, particularly in the Middle East, and
we started up local production of that key brand in South Africa. Though slowed during the year by
challenging macroeconomic conditions, [indiscernible] continued to generate strong growth [indiscernible]
competitive [indiscernible] of this business and [indiscernible] experience of our partners in managing
through often volatile conditions in West Africa.

We also generated good growth in Asia driven by both cereal and Pringles. Consumption growth for
Pringles was broad-based in 2019, including the fourth quarter. In cereal, growth was aided by share gains
in several markets. And in Australia, our developed market in this region, we returned to consumption
growth in cereal in 2019, even accelerating growth during the fourth quarter. We also saw a good
consumption and share gains in Pringles.

So even with some economic-related slowdown in West Africa, our fundamentals are in place for continued
growth in AMEA in 2020.

We did incur incremental costs during the fourth quarter, some of which was related to production start-
up for Pringles, but we would view these costs as temporary, and AMEA should be back in profit growth in
2020.

Let's wrap up with a brief summary on Slide #24. As discussed many times, our primary objective for
2018 and 2019 was to return to top line growth as this is the hardest and most essential element of
returning to sustainable, consistent profit and cash flow growth. And we achieved this. We stabilized our
organic net sales in 2018, and we accelerated it to solid growth in 2019.

Now in 2020, our goal is to grow both net sales and operating profit, leaving aside the negative
mechanical impact of our divestiture. There are good reasons to be confident we can do this. First of
all, our portfolio is more geared toward growth today than it was even a couple of years ago. Second,
we're not only seeing multi-quarter momentum in organic net sales growth, but it's been broad-based in
all regions and improving across major product groupings. Third, we've improved our execution with a
realigned organization, enhanced capabilities and improved service. Fourth, we're gradually improving our
profitability. And finally, we're investing in promising opportunities, leaning into incremental investment in
a year that has a 53rd week.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Returning to balance growth isn't just words on paper. We're moving to the next phase of our Deploy for
Growth strategy and financial operating model, focusing the organization more on profit and cash flow
metrics, and we've made changes to our incentive compensation programs as well.

We are building a foundation for growing sales, profit and cash flow dependently for a long time. 2019 was
an excellent start, and 2020 will improve on it.

As always, I'd really like to thank our organization. We couldn't do any of this without the skill and
dedication of our associates.
And with that, we'll open it up for your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

So look, you've been investing a lot in the business over the past 12 plus months, as you discussed, and
momentum has definitely improved. I guess despite that and despite the reinvestment of the extra week
this year, you're guiding underlying performance only low single-digit profit growth without any further
top line acceleration. And I guess the question of the day really is, is that -- how do we think about that?
Is that conservatism on your part? Is the cost of doing business really just that high? And either way,
what do you think it will take to inflect that product growth a bit higher ahead of top line growth as you go
forward through 2020 and beyond? I'm not sure what underlying productivity is expected to run at. Maybe
that's part of the solution. But just, how do we think about the rate of further improvement 2021 plus?

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Great. And thanks for the question, Steve. I think we would consider the guidance that we're giving
prudent, but I'd also underline that our swing back to profit is really a 4-point swing ex the divestiture. So
from a base business perspective, from a minus 2 to a plus 2, we think, is meaningful improvement.

And as we mentioned during the prepared remarks, from a top line perspective, it's the best performance
we had in 2019 at plus 1.9% since 2012. So that's quite a long period of time. And we're guiding towards
continuing that with 1% to 2% top line growth based on substantial reinvestment in the business against
terrific opportunities that we see. And so we feel that's prudent, but we'll be very pleased with continuing
that top line momentum, which is broad-based and across many categories. And so we think it's on
strategy. It's on plan. We continue to show good progress against our portfolio. The reorganizations are
behind us. Our service levels are improving. We're lapping some very good innovation from this year.
We've got very good revenue growth management productivity plans in place. Our emerging markets
continue to perform very well. And so we're pleased with where we are as we end 2019. We think 2020
will be a continued year of good positive momentum. And again, a 4-point swing operating profit as well
as continued positive momentum in the top line is what we're shooting for.

Operator

The next question is from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Two questions, if I may. First, you made reference to a comprehensive program to rejuvenate your North
America cereal business. Can you give us some more context around that?

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. I will, Jason, thanks for the question. I'm not going to give a lot of detail, obviously, because --
for competitive reasons. But the whole price package transformation that we underwent last year, as I
said, was a big bang, that's behind us now. And so we entered the year in good shape. And if you look
at it from a segment perspective, the Taste/Fun segment, we did well on in 2019, and we've got good
momentum. You look at things like our Mission Tiger program, complete with a college football bowl game,
continues to show good momentum, Froot Loops as well. Krave, Corn Pops showing good momentum. And
so that's been good.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Our new Special K program is actually mitigating the big declines we've seen in Special K, in fact, cutting
that in half against a more simple program focused on the food and focused on the wellness. It's really
in our all family segment with Frosted Mini-Wheats and Rice Krispies where we have the big -- we just
haven't fixed yet, and we own that, and we have to get to it. Now with Frosted Mini-Wheats, we see good
promise in front of us. We know that we held back on a lot of promotional activity last year based on some
supply constraints we had as we were realigning our network. We know that brand responds where we've
got good ideas against it.

So as we look at the 3 segments that we compete in, as I said, we're in it to win it, and we see 2020 as a
much better year for us in cereal.

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Okay. My second question, more holistically, just looking at the shape of your P&L. You're already the
lowest margin, large-cap packaged foods company out there by a fairly substantial delta. And your
guidance suggests that, that delta is going to widen even further next year with the overall margin
compression at EBIT. You said you thought 1% to 2% was a durable growth rate for this business. Can you
give us your perspective on what you think a durable margin is for this business? Because I still -- I'm a
bit confounded, I look at your portfolio, and it seems like if you're operating in categories that generally
offer good profit margins, and you're operating with brands at price points that should also afford good
profit margins. It's not coming to the surface of your P&L.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Jason. I think it's an excellent question. I'll start and happy to let Amit chime in as well. What
we've said all through the course of this year is we're aiming for margin expansion as we reinvest in the
business and return to top line growth. And you saw that. You saw a sequential improvement in margins
across the course of the year, including into the fourth quarter. And our aim is to continue that margin
expansion as we go through 2020. And we're constructively dissatisfied as to where we are. So we do
believe we've got ongoing opportunities to improve on that.

We're coming off of a lot of transformation work that address many of the costs in not only our North
America business, our European business as well. And as we continue in 2020, we'll continue to look for
opportunities to expand margin and always relentlessly look at our cost base. Amit, do you want...

Amit Banati
Senior VP & CFO

I think just a bit on what Steve said. I think from a -- if you start kind of with gross margin, our goal for
2020 would be to stabilize gross margin. I think we see the input costs moderating in 2020 and would
expect to offset that through a combination of pricing as well as our savings program. So from a gross
margin standpoint, the goal would be to stabilize our gross margin going forward.

I think as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we are planning to increase investment meaningfully
next year behind opportunities that we see in 2020 from a brand-building standpoint. And those are
opportunities that we'd like to invest in to continue to drive the momentum in the top line.

From an SG&A standpoint, that's something that we're always working on. We've initiated a number of
initiatives to realign the business post the divestiture, and you're seeing the benefits of that come through
on the P&L.

And then from an emerging market standpoint, I think we're making good progress on the gross margins.
Scale in emerging markets -- as the scale of the emerging market improves, we should see margin come
through in those businesses. Overall, I'd say we expect to improve our margins [ in all the regions ] over
time.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

The next question is from Rob Dickerson with Jefferies.

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Great. It's question number 3 on the margin side. So you just said it seemed -- it sounds like your
expectation is to stabilize gross margin in 2020, ex Keebler, you're calling organic sales growth, 1 2
-- of profit around 2, so maybe there's some hopeful sequential improvement in operating margin, it
sounds, like as you get through the year, just given first half investment, et cetera. So when you say we
continue to invest for growth in the top line, does that mean that you actually plan to increase your overall
investments in advertising and brand support or is it more reallocation? And I just asked because, as
Jason alluded to, kind of your operating margin structure relative to other peers, so to speak, is a little
bit lower. Obviously, that has given mix, what have you. But on an advertising basis and brand support,
it's not as if Kellogg historically was one that was like massively under investing. So yes, short question
is basically, will you increase your actual dollars in that investment to get to a point to hopefully improve
your margin over time, I guess, driven by volume leverage?

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks for the question, Rob. The simple answer to that is yes, we plan on increasing our brand-
building investment to continue to drive our growth. We've said we're going to reinvest the 53rd week.
We're going to do more than that. And so you could see the incremental investment above the 53rd
week being a 53rd week plus, that and a little bit more. And we're committed to doing that because you
see when you look at the brands that we're -- that we've revitalized and we've invested in have really
responded and done very well. And so Cheez-It and Cheez-It Snap'd, Rice Krispies Treats, Pop-Tarts,
all showing terrific momentum in the marketplace. I mentioned cereal. We've got a job to do there. It
doesn't come for free. And we're pleased with early indications that we're seeing around our Taste/Fun
brands, as I've said. Europe, when we look at Europe and the opportunities we have there, we see good
momentum despite a challenging macroeconomic environment in many of those countries. So we see
the ability to get very good ROIs on our investment. And the final thing I'll tell you is, our Morningstar
Farms business continues to do very well, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks but we're launching a
Morningstar brand called Incogmeato. Now I'm not going to get into exactly what we're spending against
that, obviously, for competitive reasons, but we're not planning on buying something. We're investing
in a brand-new launch, which we [indiscernible] and we're going to spend against it, and we see that
as a very big opportunity. We've got terrific food. We're excited to -- have you tried it at CAGNY when
we're all there. So we're very excited, enthusiastic and committed to that launch. And we think that the
investment plan that we have, the incrementality behind it will pay off and pay off well into the future
because, again, what we're looking for is long-term sustainable growth that's balanced that continues our
top line, continues margin expansion and gets us again this 4-point swing in 2020, which is the beginning
of what we see as long-term dependable performance.

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then just a quick follow-up on free cash flow. I think you said you now have a little bit
more financial flexibility, but at the same time, pulling back a bit on repurchase activity and focusing on
deleverage. Is there -- is the rationale just you'd like to have a bit more -- a little bit cleaner of a balance
sheet, a little bit more firepower and flexibility going forward on the acquisition front, and there's really
not a lot of net near-term benefit, let's say, vis-à-vis acquisitions to be buying back stock?

Amit Banati
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I think that's right. I think it will be using the free cash flow to pay down our debt next year and
create flexibility for us going forward.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

The next question is from Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim.

Laurent Daniel Grandet
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

I'd like to dig more a bit on the top line guidance. Organic top line guidance is disappointing.
[indiscernible] plus 1.9%, almost 2%, I mean, this year or so, I mean, in 2019, sorry. And the divestiture
you did, I mean, a less performing business. I mean we were expecting more than the 2%, I mean,
growth in 2020. So what is surprising also is that in all your businesses, when you highlight what you
-- what to watch in 2020, it seems everything is going in the right direction. So what makes you so
pessimistic in a way? And is there anything we missed there? So that's my first question.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Thank you, Laurent. I wouldn't call it pessimistic guidance. I'd characterize it as prudent guidance.
And again, I'd just remind everybody that it's been since 2012 since we performed the way that we
performed in 2019 with plus 1.9%. And so obviously, we've got some big hurdles that we'll be lapping
all the successful innovations that we had in place this year that drove that performance, we'll have to
anniversary. Now we're confident we'll be able to do that, but we want to be prudent in how we think
about that.

We also have challenging macroeconomic conditions in certain markets like Brazil and potentially West
Africa and so forth. So do not get us wrong. We plan on continuing our momentum and investing behind
our momentum, and we will hope to be -- we hope to continue that momentum and do better. But we
think based on long-term history and the anniversary and potential macroeconomic conditions, I mean,
the 2% is prudent.

Laurent Daniel Grandet
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Yes. And actually, my second question is exactly about Brazil and Nigeria. You mentioned in your prepared
remark, I mean, some softness coming from those 2 regions. Could you please elaborate and give us a bit
more color there in terms of magnitude and what to expect?

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. So if I start with West Africa. We definitely saw a slowdown, a macroeconomic slowdown. You saw it
in some of our peers' results and so forth. We're still performing very well. So high single digits perform --
coming out of the fourth quarter, and we plan on continuing that. That's not the same as double digits, but
high single digits in a market where there's some turbulence, we think, is quite good.

Brazil, obviously, same type of macroeconomic conditions, consumer sentiment and so forth that's
affecting consumer goods in general. Now we continue to perform well. Our cookies, crackers, our biggest
categories continue to perform well, and we continue to gain share. So we don't see a reason for worry,
but we see a reason for prudence.

We're also very pleased about the supply chain changes that we made in Brazil. We moved, as I said, on a
very old cereal plant in São Paulo to a brand-new production facility in lines in Parati. We opened our first
Pringles production line in Latin America, also in Parati, a wonderful world-class facility. So there's a lot of
reasons to be positive about those 2 markets. But again, emerging markets are volatile by nature, and we
just want to ensure that we're prudent in our approach.

Operator

The next question is from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Just 2, I guess, 2 items that I just wanted to get a better understanding of better kind of flowing through
for 2020. One is the incremental investments, are those onetime in nature? Or is it sort of re-basing
higher your A&C investments? And then the second related, just thinking about the operating income,
is stranded overhead -- I think my reflection of the Keebler divestiture was that the stranded overheads
would not really be mitigated much in fiscal '20 because you've got the -- the TSA agreement, and maybe
that becomes more of a fiscal '21. So if you can give us an idea of on the stranded overhead, just, again,
remind us the size and then the pacing of mitigating that.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks for the question, Bryan. I'll start and let Amit take the second one. So you can think of some
of this in terms of the marketing investment being onetime in nature, right? So Incogmeato will launch
and it'll only launch once, the RX recall that we're lapping. So there's a bit of onetime. In the 53rd week,
you can think is particularly a onetime event in nature. And obviously, we'll continue as we go throughout
the year to be agile in how we think about investments required, but I would look towards 2020 as not
being a re-base necessarily as being opportunistic investments against really interesting categories that
we're competing in. Do you want to take this?

Amit Banati
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Just on the stranded costs. So obviously, we've already initiated actions in terms of realigning the
organization. And we've seen some benefits come through in '19, and we'd expect to continue to see
some of that come in 2020. However, we are, our TSA as well. And our TSA, we expect to run through the
course of 2020. So some of that, once we come off the TSA, would be addressing that would fall more in
2021. So it's a mixed bag.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Is in order of magnitude with more of the recapture of stranded overheads fall into '21 versus '20 in terms
of what's remaining?

Amit Banati
Senior VP & CFO

I'd say it's balanced, but there would definitely be some impact in 2021 once we come off the TSA and
deal with those stranded costs. That will definitely be 2021. But we're also addressing stranded costs in
2020 and some in '19 already. So it's mixed.

John P. Renwick
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Planning

Operator, we only have time for one more question, and it has to be short.

Operator

And that question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I'll make it very short. Can you give us a quick update -- I know you talked a little bit about our RXBAR.
But Steve, can you give us a quick update on whether its distribution has recovered to the extent you had
hoped a few months ago? And if not, what's going on there?

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Yes. Thanks for the question, Ken. The simple answer to that is yes. So it's recovered to its previous highs
and in fact, expanding beyond that. And there's a lot of really exciting innovations coming that will expand
distribution. RXBAR minis, for example, you can find in the Club channel right now. RX oats continues to
expand its distribution. Now we're focusing on advertising and velocities and getting that brand back to its
momentum. And if you look at the latest Nielsen data, you can see that it's bouncing back. It's bouncing
back nicely. We're really proud of the team there and really encouraged by the momentum that we see in
the business and the potential that we see in the business.

Operator

This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to John
Renwick for any closing remarks.

John P. Renwick
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Planning

Thanks, everyone, for your interest, and please do not hesitate to call us today.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

