Kellogg Company NYSE:K
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 06, 2021 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.88

Revenue  (mm)

3492.74

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-06-2021 2:17 PM GMT

0.97

3403.46

4.00

3.99

13855.61

13616.40

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.97

0.94

0.88

0.88

1.00

1.24

0.91

0.86

3.09 %

31.91 %

3.41 %

(2.27 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal
Financial Officer

John P. Renwick
Vice President of Investor
Relations & Corporate Planning

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

ANALYSTS

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Thomas Hinsdale Palmer
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. Welcome to the Kellogg Company's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator
Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded.

At this time, I will turn the call over to John Renwick, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate
Planning for Kellogg Company.

Mr. Renwick, you may begin your conference call.

John P. Renwick
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Planning

Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for a review of our first quarter 2021
results as well as an update regarding our outlook for the full year 2021. I'm joined this morning by Steve
Cahillane, our Chairman and CEO; and Amit Banati, our Chief Financial Officer.

Slide #3 shows our forward-looking statements disclaimer. As you are aware, certain statements made
today such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, are forward-looking statements.
Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning
factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the third slide of this presentation as well as
to our public SEC filings. This is a particular note during the current COVID-19 pandemic when the length
and severity of the crisis and resultant economic and business impacts are so difficult to predict.

A recording of today's webcast and supporting documents will be archived for at least 90 days on the
Investor page of kelloggcompany.com. As always, when referring to our results and outlook, unless
otherwise noted, we will be referring to them on an organic basis for net sales and on a currency-neutral
adjusted basis for operating profit and earnings per share.

And now I'll turn it over to Steve.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I hope you and your families are doing well and staying
healthy. Here at Kellogg, I'm continuously impressed by the way our organization has remained focused
and engaged in executing through what are undeniably challenging circumstances, both at work and at
home.

Keeping employees safe remains job #1. And in quarter 1, we continued to execute safety protocols while
following the guidance of local health authorities. Supplying the world with food continued to require
agility, including temporary labor and incremental capacity. And of course, we continue to actively support
our communities.

After all, the pandemic is not behind us. In fact, in some parts of the world, we are seeing it accelerate,
and our thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected.

Turning to Slide #6. Our deploy for balanced growth strategy remains as relevant and effective as
ever during this pandemic. Its growth boosters continue to do their job. As much as anything else, this
pandemic has prompted a shift in eating occasions. Our focus on occasions continue to be evident in the
first quarter in our tailored consumer messaging and an innovation geared towards specific occasions.

The portfolio that we've shaped toward growth has benefited from balance of convenient meals, snacking
that can be done at home, plant-based foods and sustained growth in emerging markets. Our building
of world-class brands has been evident in our commitment to continued equity building communication
as well as leveraging our data and analytics to devise creative ways to reach new consumers and sustain
momentum in the marketplace.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

And our commitment to perfect service, perfect store, tested by the sudden and sharp rise in demand has
forced us to get creative around ways to increase throughput, even if it meant temporarily holding back
and merchandising activity to ensure inventory and incurring incremental logistics cost to get food to our
customers. And we continue to grow rapidly in e-commerce, leveraging our enhanced capabilities there.

Environmental, social and governance is not a new area of focus for Kellogg. It's been embedded in our
history and strategy for a long, long time. Our ESG oriented Better Days boosters, always a key element
of our strategy, have become more important to our communities, employees, customers and consumers.

At CAGNY, a few months ago, we discussed our global Better Days' purpose and strategy and on Slide
#7, you can see that we continue to progress in this area, addressing the interconnected issues of health,
hunger relief and climate. On nourishing with our foods, we've continued to innovate and renovate our
foods, providing choices across wellness and indulgence. And during the quarter, our Kashi became the
first organic cereal to be authorized for the women, infants and children program in the United States.

On feeding people in need, we've remained in an elevated level of donations making accelerated progress
toward our goal of feeding 375 million families. During the first quarter, Pop-Tarts joined with the United
Way to raise money for school vegetable gardens.

On nurturing our planet, we announced during the first quarter, our commitment to achieve over 50%
renewable electricity to address Kellogg manufacturing globally by the end of 2022, and we celebrated
women farmers as part of International Women's Day. And under living our founders' values, we launched
in the first quarter our new equity, diversity and inclusion vision and strategy to all employees in all
4 regions. Aligned with those values, we launched a campaign called A Call for Food Justice in Black
Communities in partnership with World Food Program U.S.A., tied to some of our biggest brands, including
Special K, Morningstar Farms, Kashi and Eggo.

Our strategy and execution led to another good quarter, as highlighted on Slide #8. At-home demand
remained elevated, more than offsetting continued softness in away-from-home channels and on-the-
go occasions. Our biggest brands continued to show strong momentum, aided by sustained consumer
communication and innovation activity. There why we gained share in most of our key markets and
categories around the world.

We continue to bring on our planned capacity increases, which will continue to relieve supply tightness and
enable us to return to normal levels of merchandising activity as we get through the first half of the year.
Our emerging markets businesses accelerated their growth, proving their metal in what are challenging
conditions.

From a financial perspective, we continue to seek and deliver balanced financial results. The kind we
achieved in 2020, and that's what we did again in the first quarter. Strong net sales growth, even despite
lapping last year's pandemic-related surge, and we delivered this organic growth across all 4 regions and
all 4 global category groups for a fifth consecutive quarter.

Positive price/mix, reflecting revenue growth management actions made all the more important by the
recent rise in input cost inflation. Gross profit margin improved year-on-year despite higher costs and
faster growth in our emerging markets, including our distributor business in West Africa.

Operating profit increased year-on-year despite lapping last year's strong growth ex divestiture, driven by
top line momentum and despite a year-on-year increase in brand investment. Cash flow remained strong,
and we were able to accelerate share buybacks into the first quarter. So a very good start to 2021 with
the potential to put us a little ahead of where we thought we'd be through the first half and its extremely
difficult comparisons. This enables us to raise the full year guidance we provided for you in February even
amidst what is undeniably an uncertain business environment.

So with that, let me turn it over to Amit, who will take you through our financial results and outlook in
more detail.

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone. Slide #10 offers an at-a-glance summary of our financial results
for the first quarter. As you can see, they're quite strong, particularly when considering the year ago
growth they were lapping. Specifically, last year's first quarter featured 8% organic growth on net sales
and operating profit that grew roughly 8%, excluding the impact of the prior year's divestiture. So we
generated very good growth on growth. Net sales grew on a 1-year and a 2-year basis. In developed
markets, it was aided by shipment timing and at-home demand remaining elevated, partially offset by
continued softness in away-from-home channels.

In emerging markets, we generated sales performance that was better than expected. Currency-neutral
adjusted basis operating profit grew on a 1-year and a 2-year basis, driven by the net sales growth and
expansion in gross profit margin and good discipline on overhead, all of which more than offset a year-on-
year increase in brand building.

Clearly, we're seeing good operating leverage from our strong top line growth. Currency-neutral adjusted
basis, earnings per share grew on a 1-year and a 2-year basis despite a higher effective tax rate. And in
what is typically our lightest quarter for cash flow, it was stronger than I anticipated for the quarter. Of
course, it's down from last year's unusually high first quarter cash flow, but as you can see, it is ahead of
the pre-pandemic 2019 level.

Let's look at these metrics in a little more detail. Slide #11 breaks quarter 1 net sales growth into its
components. Volume declined against last year's marked surge, but it was up on a 2-year basis. At-home
demand remained elevated. Emerging markets sustained momentum and we did see favorable timing of
shipments in the U.S. as expected. Price/mix was again positive, which is important given the accelerated
cost inflation we are seeing. During quarter 1, we saw positive pricing in all 4 regions, reflecting revenue
growth management initiatives, and we also saw an overall mix shift back towards snacks.

Currency translation was a slight positive in the quarter. As we look to the remainder of 2021, we still
expect to see a moderating top line. We faced our toughest volume comparison in quarter 2, and we are
assuming continued deceleration in at-home demand.

Slide #12 offers some perspective on our profit margins, which held up very well in spite of higher costs.
Our gross profit margin in quarter 1 improved on a 1-year and a 2-year basis as productivity and price
realization were effective at covering accelerated input cost inflation as well as incremental COVID costs
against only a partial quarter of those costs in the year-earlier quarter.

We also more than offset a mix shift towards emerging markets and particularly towards our distributor
business in West Africa. The flow-through of this higher gross profit margin led to an increase in operating
profit margin as well as decreased overhead balanced out a high single-digit increase in brand building.

The brand building increase reflects the phasing of our commercial plans relative to last year's modest
decrease in quarter 1 at the onset of the pandemic. Even with this year-on-year increase in brand
building, we still grew operating profit at a double-digit rate this quarter. As we look to the rest of the year,
we obviously faced our toughest gross profit margin comparison in quarter 2 due to last year's outsized
operating leverage that produced by far the highest gross profit margin over the past couple of years, as
you can see on the slide. In the second half, we are working to hold our margin as close as possible to
year ago levels, in spite of our mix shift towards emerging markets and accelerated cost inflation.

Further down the P&L, we faced our toughest comparison on brand building in quarter 2 as well. Because
last year's quarter 2 was when we delayed significant brand investment to the second half. That second
half investment helped create the momentum we are seeing today. But we'll return to more typical levels
of brand investment in this year's second half.

Turning to the remainder of the income statement and Slide #13, we see that our below the line items
were relatively neutral to earnings per share in quarter 1. As expected, interest expense decreased year-
on-year on lower debt and this will continue for the remainder of the year, with quarter 4 additionally
lapping the nonrecurring $20 million debt redemption expense we recorded last year.

Other income was lower year-on-year and modestly lower than what should be its quarterly run rate
for the rest of the year. Our effective tax rate of 22.7% was higher than last year's relatively low level

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

and should still turn out to be around 22.5% for the full year. Average shares outstanding were flattish
year-on-year, with the impact of quarter 1's accelerated buybacks to be more pronounced in the coming
quarters, resulting in a full year average shares outstanding that is a little more than 0.5% lower than
2020.

Turning to our cash flow on Slide #14. We had a strong start to the year and maintained good financial
flexibility. As expected, our cash flow in quarter 1 was lower than quarter 1 2020's unusually high level,
not because of net earnings or working capital both of which were favorable year-on-year, but because
of year-on-year swings in accruals and other balance sheet items as well as lapping last year's delayed
capital expenditure.

However, as you can see on the chart, quarter 1 2021's cash flow was well above that of quarter 1 2019
in what is always our lightest cash flow quarter of the year. Net debt is lower year-on-year, even despite
our resumption of share buybacks, and we like the state of our balance sheet. As we look to the rest of
the year, cash flow will likely remain below last year's COVID-aided levels, but still well above 2019 levels.
And between our share buybacks, which we were able to accelerate into the first quarter and an increased
dividend, we are meaningfully increasing the cash returned to share owners.

I'll conclude with a discussion about full year guidance shown on Slide #15. As Steve mentioned, our
strong quarter 1 performance gives us the confidence to raise our guidance this early in the year.
Specifically, our guidance for full year organic net sales growth moves up to approximately flat year-on-
year from our previous guidance of about negative 1%. This would equate to closer to 3% growth on our
2-year compound annual growth rate, effectively eliminating the noise of lapping last year's COVID-related
surge. Our guidance for currency-neutral adjusted basis operating profit improves to a decline of about
1% to 2% year-on-year versus our previous guidance of minus 2%. This equates to closer to 4% growth
on a 2-year CAGR basis, excluding our since-divested businesses from the 2019 base.

Our guidance for currency-neutral adjusted basis earnings per share increases to growth of about 1%
to 2% year-on-year versus our previous guidance of up 1%. And this equates to something around 5%
growth on a 2-year CAGR basis, excluding our since-divested businesses from the 2019 base. And our
guidance for cash flow moves up to a range of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion versus our previous guidance of
approximately $1.1 billion.

We think this guidance is prudent, given that it is early in the year and given a business environment that
is somewhat uncertain in terms of pandemic impacts and cost inflation. Obviously, we are pleased with our
start to the year. We're in strong financial condition. Our brands and regions are performing well. And we
are solidly on track for continued balanced financial delivery on a 2-year basis.

And with that, let me turn it back to Steve for a review of our major businesses.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Amit. I'll start with a quick review of the quarter 1 results of each of our regions, and then
I'll go a little deeper into some of our key brands and categories. The region's net sales and operating
profit growth rates in quarter 1 are shown on Slide #17. You can see that our growth was broad-based,
particularly on the more meaningful 2-year growth rates.

In North America, our organic net sales grew on top of last year's high-growth with elevated at-home
consumption and strong momentum in key brands as well as favorable timing of shipments between
quarters partially offset by continued softness in away-from-home channels. Operating profit also
increased year-on-year despite tough underlying comparisons.

The 2-year trends only further confirmed that this business got off to a good start to the year. Our
business in Europe had another good quarter. Its solid 1 year organic net sales growth was on top of
last year's strong growth, and it was led by accelerated growth in Pringles, resulting operating leverage
produced strong operating profit growth.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

In Latin America, our strong organic net sales growth was driven by Pringles and cereal and the resulting
operating leverage boosted operating profit as well. Macro conditions in this region are challenging. So
this was a terrific way to start the year. And in EMEA, our strong organic net sales growth was led by
Multipro, the distributor portion of our business in West Africa, and across the region by Pringles, cereal
and noodles, leading to outstanding growth in operating profit as well.

Now let's go a little deeper in some of our categories, markets and channels. We'll start with our global
category groups, as shown on Slide #18. As you can see from the chart, we grew all 4 category groups
on both a 1-year and 2-year basis during quarter 1 despite lapping last year's COVID-related surge and
despite continued softness in away-from-home channels.

Our largest global category snacks, sustained growth in the first quarter on both a 1-year and 2-year
basis with growth in all 4 regions, and that's despite the on-the-go nature of many of its foods and
pack formats. This is a testament to the strength of our snacks brands as well as to our ability to adapt
messaging and pack formats to current at-home occasions.

In cereal, we also recorded growth on both a 1-year and 2-year basis. We saw notable strength in Europe
with share gains led by power brands like Tresor and Crunchy Nut. We posted broad-based growth in Latin
America with share gains in key markets led by Corn Flakes. We also recorded strong growth and share
performance in EMEA, where our master brand approach is working well in Asia and innovation activity is
contributing across the region.

As expected, we had a slow start in the U.S. as we limited merchandising activity on supply-constrained
brands, but this should improve in the second half as new capacity comes online. Frozen Foods also
grew net sales on both a 1-year and 2-year basis. This predominantly North America business sustained
momentum in both Eggo and especially Morningstar Farms, and I'll come back to each of them in a
moment.

And our noodles and other business, which is predominantly in Africa, continue to generate rapid growth
both on a 1-year and 2-year basis as well, with annual net sales approaching $1 billion. This is going to be
a growth contributor for some time. So both on a region basis and a category basis, our reshaped portfolio
clearly offers growth and diversification. And within each of these regions and categories are world-class
brands that continue to grow.

Let's take a look at a few of these important brands. We'll start with our largest global brand, Pringles,
whose consumption trends for its biggest markets in each of our 4 regions are shown on Slide #19. This
is more than a $2 billion global brand that has demonstrated exceptional momentum for some time in
all 4 regions. During quarter 1, this momentum continued with Pringles sustaining growth on top of very
strong year ago growth. This was driven by effective brand building, including the incremental consumer
communication we did in late 2020, plus important consumer activations in the first quarter, such as our
Super Bowl campaign in the U.S. and are gaining oriented commercial activations in Europe.

The growth was also augmented by innovation launches, including our more intense flavors under the
Scorchin and Sizzl'n sublines in the U.S. and U.K., respectively, as well as uniquely local flavors in Asian
markets. All of these innovations are off to great starts. It's also aided by increased local production
in emerging markets, notably in Brazil, where this relatively new local capacity is enabling exceptional
growth. Pringles is truly a world-class brand performing extremely well.

Here's another really incredible brand, Cheez-It, shown on Slide #20. Its U.S. consumption and share
growth has been exceptional over the last several years, and it has continued in the first quarter. The base
product line continues to perform well, helped by effective advertising and sports-related activations as
well as new flavors and a reformulation of the grooves subline. Meanwhile, the Snap'd subline is providing
incremental growth enough that we had to add capacity in 2020 in only its second year since launch.

And Cheez-It is no longer solely a U.S. brand. We expanded into Canada last year. And during the first
quarter, it continued to grow rapidly. And in the first quarter, we brought Cheez-It to Brazil, where it's
off to a very good start. This is more than $1 billion-plus retail sales brand that continues to outpace its
category in the U.S. and one we have begun to expand internationally.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

And before we move on from our snacks discussion, I want to point out 2 other power brands in our
snacks portfolio, shown on Slide #21. Since the outbreak of the pandemic, the portable wholesome snacks
category has been declining due to fewer on-the-go occasions. We've continued to gain share of this
category, largely because of 2 brands that have been able to grow their at-home consumption.

Pop-Tarts continued to post growth on a 2-year basis in quarter 1, lapping last year's extremely large
growth and sustaining multiyear growth momentum. Rice Krispies Treats consumption and share growth
has been impressive over the last several years. And this momentum has continued in quarter 1, aided by
the launch of new homestyle treats, again, big brands, sustaining momentum.

Let's turn to cereal markets and brands on Slide #22. Behind our 1-year and 2-year growth in global
cereal net sales in the first quarter are strong performances by key brands in key markets. The chart
shows our largest international markets of each region, with consumption growth on a 2-year basis to
avoid distortion from lapping last year's surge in March and share performance on a 1-year basis to show
how we're competing.

In Europe, we've outpaced the category with share gains in key markets like the U.K., which was propelled
by power brands like Crunchy Nut and All-Bran. And in other European markets, we saw particular
strength in global brands like Tresor, our largest cereal brand in Europe and Extra, a key wellness oriented
brand internationally for us.

In Canada, where the category got more immediate lift than we did in the year ago quarter, we outpaced
the category in this year's first quarter on the strength of brands like global brand, All-Bran and local jewel
vector. We recorded strong growth in share performance in EMEA, led by our largest cereal market in that
region, Australia. The outperformance was led by global brands like our Australian version of Raisin Bran
as well as local jewels like our wellness oriented Just Right.

We saw broad-based cereal growth in Latin America, where we continued to gain share in key markets like
Mexico, Brazil, Puerto Rico and Central America. In Mexico, you can see the strong share performance was
driven by big brands like Corn Flakes, and Choco Krispies and across the region, our growth was aided by
strong innovation. In short, we're seeing the impact of strong brands and strong execution in all of these
markets.

Let's discuss U.S. cereal for a moment, shown on Slide #23. As expected, we experienced a slow start in
this market as we limited merchandising activity on supply-constrained brands. In scanner data, you can
see this in our larger than category decline in percent of volumes sold on promotion. We will be caught
up on supply and capacity around midyear, as we've mentioned previously. But in the first quarter, those
supply-constrained brands, Frosted Flakes and Froot Loops, 2 of the stronger brands in the category,
accounted for all and more of our share decrease in the first quarter. Excluding them, our consumption
kept pace with the category. So our underlying business remains in good shape.

We're very pleased with our innovation, which not only outpaced the category's innovation in the first
quarter, but is showing very strong velocities already. This includes additions to the Jumbo Snax line we
successfully launched last year as well as Mini-Wheats, Cinnamon Roll, Little Debbie, Special K blueberries
and Keto-friendly Kashi Go offerings. So we get back up to adequate supply and capacity and return to
a normal commercial calendar. Particularly in the second half, we expect our U.S. cereal performance to
improve and perform like our other big developed markets.

Slide #24 calls out another big brand and is sustaining growth on a 2-year basis. Eggo's reliable growth
in consumption over the past few years accelerated to nearly 17% in 2020, gaining nearly 2 points of
share, but leaving us very tight on capacity. In quarter 1, Eggo sustained strong 2-year growth of plus
5% despite capacity limiting its upside. This is one of the brands for which we are freeing up capacity over
the course of this year. And when you add in Kashi, our overall from the griddle consumption outpaced
the category on that 2-year CAGR basis. Eggo is in really good shape with more capacity coming on. With
effective advertising and promising innovation on the way, this is a nearly $1 billion retail sales brand with
an outlook for sustained growth.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

And even better growth is being generated by our leading plant-based brand, Morningstar Farms, shown
on Slide #25. Our overall Morningstar Farms brand franchise is over $400 million in retail sales and is
poised to sustain strong growth for years to come. This brand's consumption growth in the first quarter,
even on a 1-year basis, added to its multiyear growth trend. And with incremental capacity in place, this
brand gained share as well. There is no question that consumers are becoming more aware and interested
in plant-based foods. Morningstar Farms has increased its household penetration in the last year to a level
that remains well above any of our competitors and yet it's still only 8%, suggesting significant room to
expand.

Morningstar Farms is also unique in the breadth of its offerings. This is evident in our share gains across a
spectrum of segments in quarter 1, ranging from breakfast meats, to breakfast handhelds, to sausage, to
poultry. Our new veggetizers line has created a whole other occasion for plant-based foods.

And now we are reaching an expanded consumer base. Our recently launched Incogmeato by Morningstar
Farms' sub-brand is aimed at incremental flexitarian consumers. It continues to expand retail distribution,
both in the refrigerated and frozen isles and it continues to add food service customers. It's early days,
but Incogmeato is great food and is showing a lot of promise.

Just this week, the National Restaurant Association awarded 2021 FABI Awards for the year's most
delicious, unique and exciting food for restaurant operators and consumers. Among those awarded were 3
Incogmeato products, Homestyle Chicken Tenders, Italian sausage and original broad worst as well as an
iconic veg forward offering, Morningstar Farms Chipotle Black Bean Burger.

Simply put, Morningstar Farms is the largest brand with the highest penetration, with the broadest
portfolio and the most occasions in this plant-based category. So we are realizing good underlying
momentum across our major category groups and led by world-class brands.

Let's now shift our discussion to geographic markets, specifically our emerging markets, highlighted on
Slide #26. Emerging markets accounted for more than 20% of our net sales last year, among the highest
percentages in our peer group. This is important because these markets represent outstanding long-term
growth prospects for packaged food, owing to their population growth and expanding middle classes.

In 2020, despite COVID-related shutdowns of retailers and schools, economic disruption from depressed
oil prices and even bouts of political and social unrest, our geographically diverse emerging markets
businesses actually accelerated their net sales growth. This is a credit to our product portfolios, our brand
strength, our local supply chains and experienced management teams in these markets.

And in the first quarter of this year, despite lapping an unusually strong year ago quarter, we sustained
this momentum, even accelerating again. In Africa, our Multipro distributor business grew more than 20%
year-on-year in quarter 1, even as it lapped strong high-teens growth in the year earlier quarter, and we
also continue to grow our Kellogg's branded noodles business.

In Asia, we sustained double-digit growth in Pringles and cereal. In Russia, we recorded double-digit
organic growth in cereal and in snacks. And Latin America's strong quarter 1 growth was broad-based and
led by cereal in Mexico and Pringles in Brazil.

And let's finish up with a couple of channels to call out on Slide #27. In the first quarter, we sustained
tremendous growth momentum in e-commerce. The investments we had made in this channel, everything
from reorganizing around it, bringing in external talent and developing capabilities paid off in a big way
in 2020 when our e-commerce sales doubled year-on-year. And in the first quarter, our growth was about
75% even as it lapped the year ago quarter's acceleration.

This is a shopper behavior that is likely to stick. Now roughly 7% of our total company sales, we know that
our brands and categories play well in this channel, and we are building this business for the long term.
Of course, on the other end of the spectrum, during the pandemic are away-from-home channels, which
have declined sharply amidst shutdowns and restrictions. The slide shows that our U.S. away-from-home
business continued to moderate its declines as measured on an average 2-year basis to better gauge the
trend.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Important to know is that we have not been sitting still waiting for consumer mobility to resume and
away-from-home outlets to reopen. We have been actively securing future business, signing up new
accounts for brands ranging from RX to Morningstar Farms and Incogmeato. These actions today will pay
off well into the future.

Let's wrap up with a brief summary on Slide #29. Quarter 1 2021 was yet another quarter of good
performance and investment in the future. We have sustained strong momentum in most of our biggest
world class brands, never having let up an innovation or communication with consumers. We are unlocking
capacity so we can resume full commercial activity in some of the foods and brands that had reached
capacity limitations after good growth in recent years and acceleration since the pandemic.

This added capacity will continue to come on stream during the year, continuing to improve service levels
and return to full merchandising activity with our retail partners. Our emerging markets have not only
managed through challenging macro environments over the past year, they've actually accelerated their
growth. And we continue to build scale in these long-term growth markets.

We're leveraging capabilities that we've been enhancing over the past few years from data and analytics,
to e-commerce, to innovation. These capabilities have only become even more important since the
pandemic. Our cash flow and balance sheet are strong, and we have increased cash return to share
owners while maintaining financial flexibility.

Our results for quarter 1 were particularly strong, but more importantly, they reflected high-quality
balanced financial delivery. We sustained net sales growth, expanded gross profit margin, remained
disciplined on overhead and invested behind our brands and still delivered growth in operating profit and
earnings per share, leading to strong cash flow. All of which adds up to an early increase in our full year
outlook. As always, I want to salute our 31,000 employees whose dedication and creativity have made this
performance possible despite the most challenging business conditions.
And with that, we'd be happy to take any questions you might have.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI.

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

The question about the '21 guidance and the implications of that. You had a 3% 2-year CAGR that's
implied by that. And obviously, this has been an unusual year in '21. Even if we look past '20, there's still
some COVID-related factors. You mentioned supply chain. If you think about -- I think you would take a
3% organic growth rate most years.

But could you maybe talk about that 3% CAGR? What has sort of been a tailwind? What has been
headwinds? And how would we think about that as you're really executing this turnaround plan, like how
you're basically setting up for '22 and beyond?

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks, David. I'll start, and Amit can build. But what I'd say is it's important to look at those 2-year
CAGRs, as you point out, that's what we've been talking about because 2020 was such an unusual year,
right? But what's underlying our confidence in that CAGR is the brand performances that we talked about
as we went through the prepared remarks.

Our snacks business, our frozen business, our veg business, our international businesses, our emerging
markets business, all performing very strong. And if you think about our new guidance for 2021,
essentially, just from a top line basis, we're saying flat. So what we thought potentially -- what many
companies thought of 2020 when there were COVID beneficiaries, would be a high watermark is, in
fact, we're going to lap that. And so that's because of the strength of our brands, the execution in the
marketplace and the plans that we've put in place. So Amit, do you want to?

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

Yes. I think it reflects the strength of our portfolio and you're seeing that come through, I think from a
pure guidance standpoint, we are expecting that elevated demand will moderate a little bit from quarter
1. So I think that's what's built into the guidance. We're expecting growth in emerging markets to sustain,
maybe not at the double-digit rates that we saw in quarter 1, but certainly, we continue to expect growth
in the emerging markets.

Operator

The next question is from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.

Thomas Hinsdale Palmer
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

It's Tom Palmer on for Ken. Wanted to ask on the inflation picture. So during the prepared remarks, you
made mention of rising cost inflation. Could you provide a bit more detail on the inflation you're seeing
right now? And then what you expect to see as the year plays out and just the timing of your hedges
rolling off? And then your comfort in terms of offsetting it. I guess, really the major tool, I'm curious about
color on is, is how you think about list pricing and instituting that this year.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Yes. Thanks, Tom. So what I'd say is we've talked about the inflationary environment, which is real. We've
also talked about the hedging, and I'll let Amit build on that, that we've got in place for the first half of the
year as well as the back half of the year.

On the pricing front and just the cost pressure front, what I'd say is we have a host of tools at our
disposal. So we think about the suite of offerings. We want to always start with productivity and drive
productivity as hard as we possibly can. And then we're going to look to revenue growth management
and the tools that we have in revenue growth management, whether they be price package architecture,
whether they be pricing, which would include list pricing. All of those are at our disposal.

But at the end of the day, we have to earn that price in the marketplace through investing in our brands,
through innovating, through putting the types of performances that we've been able to put against our
brands, which puts us in a good position to have the confidence to slightly raise our guidance even despite
increased cost pressures that are quite real. Amit, do you want to?

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

Yes. I think cost for inflation, no question, it's accelerated. I think we're now looking at it being in the high
end of the mid-single-digit rate for 2021. We're seeing it across our cost basket from exchange-traded
commodities to diesel and energy, ocean freight. We've seen a spike in ocean freight as well. I think all of
that has been incorporated into the guidance that we provided today.

From a hedging perspective, we're about 76% hedged on the exchange-traded commodities. Obviously,
there are other cost pressures outside those as well. But I think we've reflected that in our guidance.
And you would have seen that in our quarter 1 results, we had strong pricing and mix come through.
And as Steve mentioned, it's across the whole range of levers, including productivity, including list price
increases, including trade optimization and price pack architecture. So the whole suite of revenue growth
management tools.

Thomas Hinsdale Palmer
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And just to clarify, where would you have been in the first quarter in terms of that inflationary
environment?

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

I think similar levels. Though, obviously, it's accelerating through the year. And then obviously, in quarter
1, we were in more hedged than in the later part of the year, as you would expect.

Operator

The next question is from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Maybe just to round out that conversation a little bit more. When the -- I think you'd said on the last
quarter that you were targeting '21 gross margins ahead of '19 levels. Is that, I guess, first off, is that still
realistic? Or has that been ratcheted down a bit you're thinking?

And then given that relatively extensive coverage from a hedge position, it would appear, just given the
cost curves that we're seeing in the spot market, it implies some residual inflation carrying over into 2022.
I don't know if there's a way you can kind of frame the extent of that carryover to '22. But I'm really
curious about, given that, if I'm right about that outlook, does that impact your plans around the timing of
pricing or other discretionary spending at all as '21 progresses?

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Yes. So I think our goal is still to expand our gross profit margin on a 2-year basis. So I think that's still
our goal. And in that context, from a '21 standpoint, obviously, we were ahead in quarter 1. Quarter 2 is
going to be our biggest lap as we lapped last year's outsized operating leverage.

And then for the balance of '21, our goal would be to be as close to flat as possible. So that's kind of the
way we're thinking about gross profit margin. Too early to talk about 2022 right now. But certainly, as
Steve mentioned, from a revenue growth management standpoint, we're looking at a whole range of tools
to offset the inflation that we're seeing.

Operator

The next question is from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

One quick housekeeping question and then a more robust question. First, housekeeping. I thought I heard
you say that developed markets benefited from shipment timing in the quarter. Am I right? Did I pick that
up, can you clarify and provide any sort of quantification?

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. So we definitely did benefit somewhat from shipment timing. And if you think about -- go back to
quarter 1 2020 where U.S. consumption growth exceeded shipments fairly markedly because of the surge.
You almost have the mere reflection in quarter 1 2021 where the reverse was true, where U.S. net sales
growth exceeded consumption.

And as we've said many times in the past, consumption is a good guide. It evens out over time. And some
of this was clearly borrowed from or taken from quarter 4, which we talked about when we did our quarter
4 call. But that's essentially where that ends. Amit, you want to?

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

Yes. I think just to build on what Steve said, Jason, in addition to last year's factors and timing versus last
year, as we had mentioned in our last call, some of this came from quarter 4. Most of it, I'd say, the timing
came from quarter 4. There's been a little bit as it relates to quarter 2. So there was some shipment
ahead of activities, but most of it came from quarter 4.

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then on those activities, Steve, we certainly heard you talk a lot about bringing merchandising
activity back to try to get the market share going the right way. How do we think about that in context of
the price equation? I mean the pricing we saw this quarter was phenomenally robust, particularly in EMs,
but also in DMs. As we think about the glide path forward, net of this more merchandising activity, can
you hold the serve like the levels we're looking at? Or should we expect sort of a migration to net neutral,
particularly for the back half of the year, at least within DMs?

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. No, thanks, Jason. I'd say, obviously, we can't comment on forward-looking pricing and promotions
and so forth. But what we are seeing, what we'd expect is a gradual return to normal levels of
merchandising activity. As more and more people start to emerge from the pandemic, as capacity for
ourselves and others starts to become more normalized, I would just expect that you'll see a more normal
return to levels. I wouldn't see anything really above that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

I wouldn't see the macro conditions that would drive that. And so yes, I think we can hold serve. And
we're off to a good start. It's clear the areas where we want to work on, where we need to work on. And
it's clear where we have really good momentum, and we want to continue to push against that as well.

Operator

The next question is from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler.

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Can you give a sense of how your conversations with retailers are going with respect to pricing? And
maybe specifically, are they more sensitive to list pricing and more receptive to other approaches? Or is it
similar across the board? Just kind of love to get a temperature check on where they are and how much
kind of wiggle room you have from here out?

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks, Michael. So obviously, I'm not going to comment on any specific customers, but we have
a mantra here that we talk about all the time, and that's we have to earn the pricing that we get in the
marketplace. Clearly, there is an inflationary environment, that's real. Clearly that's across broad swaths
of the economy. And clearly, there's been a lot of reporting on that.

But we approach it with the humility that says we've got to invest in our brands, we've got to bring
innovation, we've got to do everything that we can to continue to earn our place in the marketplace.
But I'd also say, we did raise guidance, and we're talking about holding as close to possible to our gross
margins. So that reflects the type of confidence that we have that we'll be able to get through this by
managing our price, mix, innovation with our customers.

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

How much can you balance the EBIT margin targets with the brand spending and inflation pressures? Is
there some interplay there? Or do you want to protect the brand spend specifically to allow pricing?

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, we've said in the past, we like the brand building that we've got in place. We like the levels that we
have in place. In the back half of last year, we were very purposeful in saying what we pulled from the
second quarter we're putting in the back half of the year because brands need investment, and we kept to
our overall budget from last year, although it was back-half weighted. And that clearly gave us momentum
as we entered 2021, whether it be the Pringles example in the U.S. and in Europe.

But we like our levels of brand building spending. We think they're important. They clearly give us the
opportunity to drive our brands and, as I said, earn what we get in the marketplace. And so I think we're
well balanced. I think we're confident. Again, we raised our guidance based on that. And it's still very
early in the year, so there's a lot of uncertainty at play. But we like the way it's shaped up, we like the
way it started and we like our plan going forward from a brand-building perspective and a profit delivery
perspective.

Operator

The next question is from Chris Growe with Stifel.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Just a bit of a follow-on to that last answer and to Michael's question. I guess just to get a sense of the
first quarter profit performance and EPS performance being so much stronger than expected, I guess, I

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

want to understand, were there any unique factors? We talked about some maybe some overshipment in
relation to consumption. But just to understand kind of how that kind of took hold during the quarter and
then the degree to which inflation, I guess, is obviously picking up through the year.

Was that -- is that picking up more than you expected, such that there's maybe more of a limitation on
earnings growth in the remaining quarters? It just seems with this degree of outperformance in the first
quarter that it would have led to a stronger performance for the year overall, unless there's some other
unique factors I'm not just incorporating here.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks, Chris. I'll start, and Amit can build as well. We did raise guidance, and I think I heard your
question, why not more, but we're being prudent. Obviously, we're still in a pandemic, where others are
really not even giving guidance beyond the next quarter. We're trying to be as helpful and as transparent
as possible. We still have COVID. Obviously, we have lots of challenges in emerging markets based on
COVID and other things, but we're off to a good start.

And we're confident, and we feel like we can manage all the things that you mentioned in the inflationary
environment, the potential disruptions. But we want to be prudent, and we want to be able to deliver what
we say we're going to deliver.

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

And just to build on that, maybe a couple of additional points. Just on the shape of the year. So I think
quarter 2 is when we've got the biggest lap, right? So if you look at it from a gross margin standpoint,
that was the quarter where we saw the operational -- the outsized operational leverage come through. So
we're going to lap that in quarter 2. Our quarter 2 was also when we delayed our brand-building into the
rest of the year.

And just if you recall, quarter 2 operating profit last year, in 2020, was up 24%. So I think that'll just give
you a sense of the lap ahead of us and just the shape of the year. I think, like I said, from a gross margin
standpoint, in the second half, we target to get as close to flat as possible, recognizing that inflation
continues to rise and recognizing that we are probably about 76% hedged. And the SG&A comp should
moderate in the second half.

Operator

The next question is from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

So 2 quick ones from me. First is just a follow-up on some of the inflation and commodity question. I
mean could you -- we've heard from some other companies, there's been -- with some commodities like
soybean oil, for instance, where there's -- where availability is actually a question. So can you just, I
guess, give us some insight in terms of your confidence in the availability or your ability to source the raw
materials you need?

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

Yes. I think from a sourcing standpoint, we feel very confident in terms of our diverse supplier base.
So while, obviously, with ocean freight and containers and the Suez Crisis, there's been pressure in the
system. But I think from a supply and a security of supply standpoint, we're confident about that.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Okay. And then, Steve, it's been a few years now since deploy for balanced growth and I know there's
been some disruption with COVID over the last year or 13 months or so. But I guess, just stepping back,
can you just give us a little bit of insight in terms of like where you think you're maybe ahead of what your
expectations would have been, kind of what's in line? And then maybe just where you still think there's
some work to do?

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks, Bryan. So I'd say we're really where we want to be, right? We're always constructively
discontent. We want to do better. We demand of ourselves to do better. But when you think about things
like shaping a growth portfolio, that came through and it delivered. The divestiture is behind us. It was
a smart thing to do. It was the right thing to do. But you see our emerging markets, you see our snacks
brands, you see our -- many of our portfolio brands really executing well for us.

When we think about perfect service and perfect store, built perfectly for the type of pressure that we
had to face last year and ongoing and facing this year. We talk about building world-class brands. And we
put some investment surges into our brands unapologetically in the past. And because of those things,
before the pandemic, I'd remind you that we exited the year before the pandemic with 2.7% organic sales
growth, right? And we were getting to balance.

And then the surge happened and COVID happened. And here we are. We've had this unbelievable
sampling opportunity, this reappraisal opportunity, which we've aimed to make the most of. But when you
look at the 2-year stacks and you look at our portfolio and you look at our performance, we're delivering
top line growth. We're back to growth reliably and for a lot of quarters now.

And we're delivering balanced growth as well. And it's through the strength of our brands and the strength
of the execution of our strategy. So we remain eager to do better. We remain hungry, but I think there's
no question that deploy for growth has delivered, and we are back to a balanced growth performance.

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

I think the only thing I'd add is that we delivered balanced delivery last year. I think we -- our goal is to
grow our gross margin on a 2-year basis. And our cash flow convergence, last year was an exceptional
year. But even if you set that aside, our goal is to increase our cash flow conversion. And our new
guidance on cash flow would indicate around 75% to 80% conversion.

Operator

Our next question is from Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

The 5% pricing or price/mix in the quarter is a lot higher than what I had modeled, and I think others had
too. I think the perception was that the pricing from a list basis and maybe revenue growth management,
too, would come later in the year as your hedges roll over.

Does this mean that you can accelerate pricing even above 5% as the year goes on? Or is there something
unusual about the 5% maybe related to the timing of promotional programs that would indicate that,
that's your peak?

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

Yes. I think most of the price/mix came from pricing in the quarter. And like I mentioned, that was the
whole range of tools across all the regions. I think in some of our EMs, we took significant pricing to cover
for commodity. And remember, in some of these markets, we've also had transactional ForEx impacts
through the back half of 2020 into 2021.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

So you've seen pricing to offset that come through in the pricing. I think we also benefited from mix. With
snacks growth coming back from a -- certainly from a mix standpoint, that's a positive. So that's kind of
what drove the quarter 1 results.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. So as snacks comes back, that boosts your price mix. But what does it do to your gross margin and
operating margin? Is that dilutive to both or just one of those?

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

Yes. We don't get into the by-category profitability. But I would say that, yes, I mean, it's kind of at the
mix level, at the margin level. It kind of is neutral-ish at the price level, it's accretive.

Operator

The next question is from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Just a quick one, Steve, on the capacity additions that you talked about. I'm curious if you can maybe
dimensionalize a little bit how much of that capacity, broadly speaking, would be sort of internal versus,
let's say, leveraging external third-party sources? And really, the reason I ask is just because to the extent
that more of the capacity is internal that has the implications for, obviously, your level of conviction around
stickiness of demand or elevated levels of demand going forward, let's say, versus pre-pandemic versus if
you were doing more of this externally.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes. Thanks, Andrew. So I'd say most of what we talked about is internal capacity, right? Many times, we
look to external capacity when we're starting out. So if you look at like a Cheez-It Snap'd line, we might
start with the first-line being external, but I got lots of conviction that second-line was internal.

And so when we talk about cereal capacity, when we talk about Eggo capacity, we're talking about internal
capacity building and expansion. So you can take from that, that there is real conviction. But what I would
say is we're not building based on any kind of pandemic that's going to go away. We're building on what
we really need, right?

And so like others, we operate our capacity pretty tightly, right? And historically, when you're in
categories that are growing low single digits, you'd expect that, the surge created a whole different set of
circumstances. But as I said, 2020 is not really going to be our high watermark, right? And so we're going
to lap those things in 2021.

And we're going to need the capacity to do that in things like certain elements of our ready-to-eat cereal
in Eggo, in some of our Cheez-It lines. But we're in pretty good shape. And so it's all embedded in our
guidance, and we feel like we've got a good plan.

John P. Renwick
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Planning

I think, operator, we have time for one more question.

Operator

And that question comes from Rob Dickerson with Jefferies.

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Great. Maybe 2 quick questions. And one, just a quick follow-up from Andrew's on capacity. As that comes
on, it sounds like increasingly later this year and then into next year, is that just one of the drivers very
simplistically as to why you might feel a little bit better on the gross margin side? I mean, I'd assume,
right as that comes on, third-party goes away, but then maybe there's also a double positive effect by just
bringing more in internally off the volume leverage piece.

Steven A. Cahillane
Chairman, CEO & President

Not really, Rob. A couple of years ago, when we were doing a lot of on-the-go, we were attacking the on-
the-go occasions and we did a lot of third party, but we also had a lot of manual work being done, that
was the case. But now we're more in a normalized environment where we're building capacity based on
increasing demand. So not really.

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay, great. Cool. And then just other quickly, just on the EM pricing piece. I know you said, right, there's
some transactional impact, obviously, and then -- and then also on the cost inflation side. It was very
high, right, in EMEA, it's impressive.

Is that -- like was there pricing in there that you would say could also have just been opportunistic given
what you're seeing across all of those countries within that segment such that you weren't pricing that
much historically, but maybe there was, like you said, some of that brand building could have been
targeted to some of the areas within EMEA and, therefore, you kind of stuck in and took maybe a little bit
more pricing that FX or cost inflation may have -- excuse me, may have suggested? That's it.

Amit Banati
Senior VP, CFO & Principal Financial Officer

No, I think it's -- I think just looking at the cost situation, commodities, ForEx and, obviously, we've seen
inflation in both. So I think trying to preserve your margins while also balancing out volume growth and
share, I think, and triangulating between those drivers.

John P. Renwick
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Planning

Al right. Well, that concludes it. Thanks very much, everyone, for your interest. And if you have follow-up
questions, please do not hesitate to call us.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

KELLOGG COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

