Keysight Technologies, Inc. NYSE:KEYS
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, August 18, 2021 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.44

1.54

Revenue  (mm)

1221.54

1246.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-17-2021 9:46 PM GMT

6.94

2.00

1.59

5.91

6.46

1259.22

4881.95

5151.13

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.46

1.37

1.34

1.44

1.62

1.43

1.44

1.54

SURPRISE

10.96 %

4.38 %

7.46 %

6.94 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jason Kary
Vice President of Treasurer &
Investor Relations

Mark A. Wallace
Senior VP & Head of Global Sales

Neil P. Dougherty
Senior VP & CFO

Ronald S. Nersesian
Executive Chairman of the Board,
CEO & President

Satish Dhanasekaran
Senior VP & COO

ANALYSTS

Mark Trevor Delaney
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Matthew Niknam
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Adam Robert Thalhimer
Thompson, Davis & Company,
Inc., Research Division

Mehdi Hosseini
Susquehanna Financial Group,
LLLP, Research Division

Brandon Couillard
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Robert W. Mason
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Christopher M. Snyder
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

David Emerson Ridley-Lane
BofA Securities, Research Division

James Dickey Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Joseph Lima Cardoso
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Keysight Technology Fiscal Second Quarter 2021
Earnings Conference Call. My name is Holly, and I'll be your lead operator today. [Operator Instructions]
Please note today's call is being recorded today, Wednesday, August 18, 2021 at 1:30 p.m. Pacific Time.

I would now like to hand the conference over to Jason Kary, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor
Relations.

Jason Kary
Vice President of Treasurer & Investor Relations

Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to Keysight's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call for Fiscal Year
2021. Joining me are Ron Nersesian, Keysight's Chairman, President and CEO; and Neil Dougherty,
our CFO. Joining us in the Q&A session will be Satish Dhanasekaran, Chief Operating Officer; and Mark
Wallace, Senior Vice President of Global Sales.

The press release and information to supplement today's discussion are on our website at
investor.keysight.com. Click on the link for quarterly reports under the Financial Information tab, where
you will find an investor presentation along with Keysight's segment results. Following this call, we will
also post a copy of the prepared remarks.

Today's comments will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. We will also make references to core growth,
which excludes the impact of currency and acquisitions or divestitures completed within the last 12
months. You will find the most directly comparable GAAP financial metrics and reconciliations on our
website. All comparisons are on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise noted.

We will make forward-looking statements about the financial performance of the company on today's
call. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and are only valid as of today. The company
assumes no obligation to update them. Please review our recent SEC filings for a more complete picture of
risks and other factors.

Lastly, I would highlight that management is scheduled to participate in upcoming virtual investor
conferences hosted by Jefferies, Deutsche Bank and Citi.

And now I will turn the call over to Ron.

Ronald S. Nersesian
Executive Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Thank you, Jason, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Keysight delivered another quarter of excellent
results. Solid industry dynamics are accelerating demand for our differentiated solutions, and we continue
to capitalize on broad-based technology investment across a diverse set of growing markets.

Today, I'll focus my comments on 3 key headlines. First, we delivered record Q3 orders, all-time record
revenue and our highest quarterly operating margin of the year. The durability of our business model was
on full display as we continue to effectively navigate supply chain challenges.

Second, Keysight's first-to-market software-centric solution strategy continues to yield consistently strong
results. Since our launch in 2015 through our expected 2021 finish, we will have delivered 9% compound
annual revenue growth and 16% annualized earnings growth, both well above our long-term commitments
despite significant headwinds of trade restrictions and a global pandemic. Our investments are well aligned
with the highest impact market opportunities as we continue to enable our customer success and deliver
value to our shareholders.

Third, given our outstanding performance year-to-date, we expect to achieve 2021 year-over-year
revenue growth of 16% and EPS of $6.03, which represents 24% earnings growth at the midpoint of our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2021

guidance. We have strong momentum entering 2022, and our long-term revenue and earnings growth
targets remain intact and we expect to drive incremental margin expansion going forward.

Now let's take a deeper look at our third quarter performance. Record Q3 orders of $1.3 billion grew
23%. All-time record revenue also grew 23% to $1.2 billion. We delivered gross margin of 65%, operating
margin of 27% and earnings of $1.54, which was well above the high end of our guidance and represents
29% year-over-year earnings growth.

Keysight continues to deliver outstanding growth despite year-over-year headwinds due to trade
restrictions and ongoing supply chain disruption. Our growth rates are not only just a result of soft year-
over-year comparisons, but also reflect sustained multiyear above-market growth. For example, Q3 orders
are up 18% and revenue was up 15% versus the same quarter in 2019 prior to the global pandemic. The
strength and durability of our business model are delivering as expected. We see accelerated demand from
our differentiated solutions from both existing and new customers. Our customer engagement throughout
the pandemic has been strong with approximately 1,900 new customers added in 2020, which we would
expect to exceed in 2021.

Looking at our business segments, for the third quarter in a row, we reported double-digit year-over-
year order and revenue growth across both segments and all regions, demonstrating the breadth and
differentiated portfolio across a diverse set of end markets. Our Electronic Industrial Solutions Group
achieved strong double-digit order and revenue growth across all regions as well as its fourth consecutive
quarter of record revenue. Continued investment in chipsets for 5G data center, cloud and AI applications
drove demand for our differentiated semiconductor solutions, resulting in another quarter of record orders
and revenue.

Investment also remains high in advanced technology nodes and capacity expansion for mature processes
to address surge in global semiconductor demands. Our general electronics business achieved record Q3
orders and revenue. Four consecutive quarters of double-digit order and revenue growth demonstrate
Keysight's breadth of contributions across multiple industries. Strength in the quarter was driven by
investments in customers' broad-based digital transformation, industrial IoT, digital health, Industry 4.0
and advanced academic research.

In automotive, record Q3 orders and all-time record revenue were driven by the ongoing macroeconomic
recovery, acceleration in EV and AV technology investment and manufacturing expansion to meet pent-up
demand.

As the trend towards autonomous vehicles gains momentum, Keysight remains focused on enabling next-
generation technologies across the automotive R&D workflow. We recently announced a new cellular
vehicle to everything, or CV2X, autonomous drive emulation solution, which provides a real-world
environment emulator for in-lab testing to simulate realistic roadway scenarios. We continue to see steady
demand for our EV and AV solutions, including automotive Ethernet compliance and cybersecurity test.

Our Communications Solutions Group achieved record third quarter orders and revenue and delivered
double-digit order and revenue growth, despite trade restrictions that impacted one of our larger
customers in China.

Aerospace, defense and government delivered record Q3 orders and revenue. Revenue grew double digits
across all major regions. While benefiting from a soft prior year comparison, growth was again driven
by space, satellite, electromagnetic spectrum operations, 5G and early 6G research applications. U.S.
government and prime contractor investment was strong while internationally, Europe rebounded from a
year ago, coupled with solid growth in Asia.

Our Application Solutions strategy drove a significant win with a leading research institute in this quarter.
Keysight's leading-edge integrated wireless and wireline test bed is enabling their next-generation
terabit and 6G research. Our aerospace, defense and government customers will also benefit from our
differentiated services offering to enable their mission-critical program needs. In Q3, we entered into
multiple U.S. prime contractor engagements for calibration and uptime services.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2021

Commercial communications achieved third quarter record orders and revenue. Adjusted for the impact
of China trade restrictions, Commercial communications orders and revenue both grew double digits.
Ongoing strength was driven by global 5G deployments and the rollout of new 5G chipsets and devices, O-
RAN adoption, 400 gig and 800 gig Ethernet for data centers and increased spending by service providers.
Our collaboration with key 5G innovators remain strong as we continue to lead with new industry firsts.

In partnership with Qualcomm, we were the first to achieve 10 gigabit per second 5G data connections.
Keysight was also selected by Vodafone, along with other industry leaders such as Samsung, NEC and Dell
to deliver end-to-end cloud solutions for the deployment of Europe's first commercial O-RAN network.

Sanjole, acquired earlier this year, had a strong quarter driven by expanding adoption of our WaveJudge
wireless test system, which further enhances Keysight's 5G solutions for deployments. Keysight continues
to enable next-generation wireline standards, such as 800 gigabit Ethernet. Our newly announced 800
gigabit Ethernet solutions saw strong demand within the quarter. In recent partnership with Cisco and
Amphenol, we demonstrated high data rate multi-vendor interoperability, a key enabler of next-generation
networks. The combination of our network application solutions from the Ixia acquisition and our leading
physical layer bit array testers and oscilloscopes is driving new levels of customer insight and value.

Our software and services solutions remain an important growth vector for Keysight. Higher-value
services are driving differentiation while strengthening our competitive position. At greater than 30% of
total revenue with ARR exceeding $1 billion, our growing mix of software and services is increasing the
durability of our business model while reducing overall cyclicality. They are both contributing to Keysight's
margin expansion with operating margins at or above the company average.

Keysight's focus on operational excellence continues to drive our consistent execution, and our employees
are critical to our success. Employee growth is a key component of the Keysight leadership model, and we
view our high-performance culture as a competitive advantage. As such, we are honored to have our team
in Malaysia recognized as the overall winner of the Employee Experience Awards by Human Resources
Online. This award is in recognition of the innovative programs deployed in the Malaysia HR team to
proactively engage employees and create positive experiences despite unprecedented pandemic-related
challenges.

Our employees in Malaysia have done an outstanding job under difficult circumstances since COVID
restrictions were imposed and our production operations were impacted. To mitigate the risk of COVID-19
to employees, customers and suppliers, Keysight implemented a vaccine program for both Keysight
employees and their suppliers. Over 95% of our employees at the Malaysian facility are now vaccinated. In
addition, vaccination rates at our large U.S. sites are above their local community averages.

In summary, our momentum continues, and our strategy is generating strong results. We have a track
record of consistent execution and delivering on our commitments. I am confident in our ability to
capitalize on many growth opportunities ahead of us as we finish the fiscal year and look forward to 2022.

Now I would like to turn it over to Neil to discuss our financial performance and outlook in more detail.

Neil P. Dougherty
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, Ron, and hello, everyone. As Ron mentioned, Keysight delivered another outstanding quarter
as broad-based technology investment accelerated demand for our differentiated solutions, resulting in
better-than-expected results in the quarter.

Third quarter revenue of $1.246 billion was above the high end of our guidance and grew 23% or 21% on
a core basis. We achieved third quarter orders of $1.310 billion, up 23% or 20% on a core basis. Excluding
the impact of China trade restrictions, orders grew 29%.

Turning to our operational results. We reported Q3 gross margin of 65%, which increased 60 basis
points year-over-year. Operating expenses of $472 million were well managed despite higher variable
compensation. Operating margin was 27%, up over 100 basis points.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2021

We achieved net income of $286 million and delivered $1.54 in earnings per share, which was above the
high end of our guidance. Our weighted average share count for the quarter was 186 million shares.

Moving to the performance of our segments. Our Communications Solutions Group, or CSG, achieved third
quarter revenue of $875 million, up 15%. CSG delivered gross margin of 66%, which increased 50 basis
points year-over-year. Operating margin was 26%.

Commercial communications revenue of $595 million increased 6%, driven by continued investments
across the 5G life cycle and our leadership in emerging applications. As Ron mentioned, adjusting for the
transient impact of unfavorable trade restrictions, commercial communications revenue grew double digits.

Aerospace, defense and government revenue of $280 million grew 39% and recorded double-digit growth
across all major regions, led by U.S. and Europe.

The Electronic Industrial Solutions Group, or EISG, generated another record revenue quarter of $371
million, up 48% or 44% on a core basis. Order and revenue strength was notable across all markets and
regions as semiconductor, general electronics and automotive solutions orders and revenue all grew strong
double digits. EISG reported gross margin of 64% and record operating margin of 31%.

Moving to the balance sheet and cash flow. We ended our third quarter with over $2 billion in cash and
cash equivalents and reported cash flow from operations of $257 million and free cash flow of $217 million
or 17% of revenue. Our capital allocation priorities are unchanged and remain focused on investments in
organic growth, value-creating acquisitions and share repurchase.

Under our share repurchase authorization, during the quarter, we acquired approximately 570,000 shares
on the open market at an average price of $140 for a total consideration of $80 million.

Now turning to our outlook and guidance. We expect fourth quarter 2021 revenue to be in the range of
$1.250 billion to $1.270 billion, which represents 3% revenue growth at the midpoint. Full year revenue at
the midpoint of our guidance is $4.9 billion, representing 16% revenue growth. We expect Q4 earnings per
share to be in the range of $1.59 to $1.65 based on a weighted diluted share count of approximately 186
million shares. Full year earnings at the midpoint of our guidance is $6.03, representing 24% EPS growth.

In closing, our expected 2021 revenue and earnings per share represent 7% and 13% compounded
annual growth over the last 2 years since 2019. Both are not only above our long-term expectations, but
accomplished in the face of significant COVID-related disruption last year and the substantial negative
effect of China trade restrictions.

Our consistent execution demonstrates the resilience of our business and our ability to drive sustainable
and profitable growth. Beyond 2021, our long-term revenue and earnings growth targets as well as our
financial model remain intact as we see continued opportunity for incremental margin expansion.

With that, I will now turn it back to Jason for the Q&A.

Jason Kary
Vice President of Treasurer & Investor Relations
Thank you, Neil. Holly, will you please give the instructions for the Q&A?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Jim Suva with Citi Group.

We'll go to the next caller. Our next question will come from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with Susquehanna.

Mehdi Hosseini
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

Yes. Two follow-up questions. Regarding the communications group, could it be possible that some of
the high-end equipment that you sell that is used for high frequency and traditionally categories under
communication -- under commercial communications is now categorized in mil/aero or vice versa, like it's
early in the adoption, maybe more of a millimeter wave application is currently categorized in mil/aero?
And then when it's commercialized, it would be reclassified under commercial communication? And I have
a follow-up.

Satish Dhanasekaran
Senior VP & COO

Yes, Mehdi, this is Satish. I'll take this. Clearly, the focus for us is to maintaining a lot of leverage across
our portfolio between CSG, both commercial and aerospace and defense, and in our industrial business. So
across the portfolio, we sell a common set of tools to all engineers.

And you're right in pointing out that the millimeter wave opportunity is pretty broad. Now it will take quite
a bit of time to play out in the end markets driven by spectrum and different interests across the globe.
But it is broad, such as millimeter wave is clearly being used in space and satellite communication. It's
being used in aerospace -- in automotive, for sure. And now with commercialization of this technology, it
finds its application in 5G.

And we actually classify orders based on customers who buy them, and we're able to maintain a lot of
operating leverage across our businesses that way.

Mehdi Hosseini
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

Got it. And then I wanted to follow up for Neil. When are we going to get an update on the longer-term
target operating margin? I know you have been focusing on increasing the ratable mix of business, the
software mix. But you have been operating above the long-term target. And I just -- we're in a phase
where, like, for how long can you operate above it? Any kind of metric, any update will be great here.

Neil P. Dougherty
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. So I'll just make one final comment to tack on Satish' answer. As a result of our classification of sales
by customer, we actually have 5G orders and revenue not only within aerospace, defense and commercial
comms, but also within EISG as well because of the way that, that is done.

Under your question about kind of long-term operating model. First, we're very pleased with the results. If
you look at our 3 quarters to date here in FY '21 plus our guide for Q4, we expect to finish this year with
operating margin basically at the long-term target that we outlined at our March 2019 Analyst Day, where
we said 26% to 27%. We're going to be at that 27% level here in FY '21. So we're pleased that we've
achieved that objective 2 years ahead of where we expected to achieve it. So we've been making progress
faster than expected.

And then as we said in our prepared comments today, we don't believe that we're done. We believe that
we have continued room for margin expansion. And while I don't have an updated guide for you here
today or an updated long-term model, I will tell you that we do have multiple levers that we're working

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2021

across the business. You noted a couple of them, continuing to grow our software and services businesses
at a rate that's faster than the overall company average, and therefore, growing our ARR at rates that
are faster. A broad set of initiatives focused on gross margin improvement, where we've seen our gross
margin improvement over the last several years go from the upper 50s into the mid-60% range, and then
continuing to leverage our G&A infrastructure.

And so we believe we continue to have a lot of levers. We -- and we remain confident in our ability to
continue to drive margin improvement going forward.

Operator

And our next question will come from the line of Jim Suva with Citigroup.

James Dickey Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Great. When I think about longer term, specifically your end markets and I look at them, I kind of take a
look at automotive, where it looks like you've kind of been underpenetrated or are these a smaller portion
of your sales. As you look ahead, is that something that you think could materially be pretty big for the
company in the years ahead? Or is there something unique about it?

I mean I look at every car that's being sold out there or the newer ones coming out. They just have a lot
more electronics and things that need to be calibrated and tested. Or is there something unique about that
industry that would prevent you from going into it? Or maybe it's already big for you now, how much is it?
Is the profitability the same? It seems like the design times would actually be more favorable because you
design a car for multiple years compared to like a consumer electronics. So maybe if you can just give us
some insights on the automotive strategic view that you may have.

Ronald S. Nersesian
Executive Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Sure. This is Ron. If you take a look at our overall automotive business, it is really transforming in a very
large way. As you know, the automobile is really turning into a computer with big batteries and a lot of
wireless sensors that communicate to many, many different devices.

And that really plays right into our strength. In the old world, the electromechanical car with a combustion
engine was relatively low tech with regards to electronics. Sure, there are transducers and things that
are put on suspension systems to look at shocks and engine performance, more and more. But more and
more microprocessors are in cars, and the whole car itself is really built around electronics that we test,
whether it's computers or the wireless sensors for either radar or for 5G, et cetera. So we see this as a
very big long-term trend for us.

As far as production, it depends. Things that are more complex, we're going to have a role in. Things that
get reduced to simple test, we won't be playing in that area as it's a very price-competitive market that
doesn't really need as much value from us. But in R&D, where we focus -- that is the sweet spot for us. So
R&D-focused, AV, EV technology is really, really a great opportunity for us going forward.

Operator

And our next question is going to come from the line of Matt Niknam with Deutsche Bank.

Matthew Niknam
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I have one on supply chain and one follow-up. Just on the supply chain, you've obviously managed to
navigate through some of the challenges here you're seeing. Can you just comment on whether you saw
any incremental headwinds or even tailwinds or improvement relative to last quarter and then thoughts on
any impact you've embedded into next quarter's guide?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2021

And then my follow-up, you talked about adding 1,900 new customers last year and expecting to exceed
that this year. Just any color you can provide in terms of SKU or mix in terms of where these new
customers are coming from?

Ronald S. Nersesian
Executive Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Sure. This is Ron. I'll start off on the supply chain answer and then turn it over to Neil as we go forward.
And then Mark Wallace, our Head of Sales, will talk about the excellent progress on our new customers.

First, with regard to the supply chain, we've commented on this before. The more complex semiconductors
that are in our products, we make right in-house. So we have a boutique fab that has to produce products
that literally have, in many cases, 10x the performance of commercial products because we're the
measurement device and we have to be more accurate to be able to measure the performance on the
commercial devices.

That gives us more control of our supply chain, although we do obviously buy parts and some common
components from other suppliers. But I think we have an exceptional management team and order
fulfillment. We have the largest order fulfillment organization in the test and measurement industry. And I
think they've done an excellent job working with our suppliers.

There is no doubt that we continue to beat our expectations quarter after quarter after quarter. But
obviously, if there were more components, we'd be even able to take our revenue up a little bit more
quickly. Now I'll turn it over to Neil, who will add to more commentary.

Neil P. Dougherty
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Just we're not immune to the supply chain situation. I think that's where I would start. But as Ron
said, the kind of the vertical integration of our supply chain and the fact that we control the production of
our most highly specialized parts really helps to mute the impact.

And so while the impact is not 0 within the quarter and it's not 0 within Q4, where we just guided, the
impact is relatively small. And so I don't think it's a terribly huge concern. I think we're doing a good job
managing the expectations of our customers in getting product into the hands of customers on a time
line that they find to be acceptable. I can't point to any examples at this point where we have had orders
canceled because of an inability of us to manage our supply chain risk and get product into the hands of
our customers. So yes, I'll leave it at that.

Ronald S. Nersesian
Executive Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

And with regard to new customers, before I turn it over to Mark, that's an effort of doing many different
things. First, we have added many folks to our feet on the street program that Mark will talk about or
direct field engineers or salespeople that could expand our presence. We've worked in indirect channels
and expanding our efforts there as well as increasing our marketing efforts to make sure that people
understand their value. And all of those things feed on top of each other.

Mark A. Wallace
Senior VP & Head of Global Sales

That's right. Thanks Ron. And Matt, I'll just build on that. As you've heard, our results were very broad-
based across all segments and all regions. And we put a lot of attention, as you hear from these calls, on
innovating with the industry leaders, our largest customers. Our top 20 were up strong, high double digit.
But we added 600 -- more than 600 new customers during Q3. And as Ron mentioned in his prepared
statements, we're on track to exceeding 1,900, which we added last year.

And this is by design. We have a focus on reaching new customers through a combination of marketing,
our direct channel, which at the end of this year will be more than twice as big as it was just a few

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2021

years ago; and through our indirect channel, which is a combination of distributors and our e-commerce
platform, where the majority of customers who access Keysight electronically online are new customers.

So I think you could think of it's broad-based across all the segments that we are focused on and
delivering solutions to today. And it gives us this broader footprint and this higher diversity of customer
base that adds to our strength in addition to the top line growth that delivers quarter after quarter.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Chris Snyder with UBS.

Christopher M. Snyder
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

My question is on the guide, which puts, I think, FQ4 revenues at the midpoint about 4% below FQ3
orders. I mean looking back the last few years, FQ4 revenues had outpaced the Q3 orders. So does the
guidance reflect expectations that supply chain headwinds will persist? Or are we seeing longer customer
lead times? Or just a longer-duration backlog as the company continues to push into software and return
revenues?

Neil P. Dougherty
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I think it's a mix of several of those factors. I certainly don't feel like at this point that we can say
the supply chain concerns are behind us. We're continuing to very actively manage supply chain, and we
do expect there continue to be some limitations on our ability to ship as a result of those supply chain
constraints going forward. I think you highlighted some of the efforts that are going on in our services
and software business that are resulting in increases in our deferred revenue accounts and the ratable
recognition of some revenues.

And then I think in some markets, most notably the semi market, we have seen customers look to
place orders earlier in the system or for delivery later out just as they're looking to secure supply
and communicate their own needs. But we take comfort from the fact that we see the amount of fab
construction that is underway and believe that those orders, particularly given the relationship that
Keysight has with that relatively limited customer set are very strong.

Christopher M. Snyder
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Appreciate all that. And I just wanted to follow up on the previous comments around new customers.
1,900 new customers is a lot for a company who has kind of the market share and the history that
Keysight has. So I guess just to kind of simplify it, is all -- is the strong rate of customer additions driven
by just the fact that the total addressable market here is expanding as we're seeing that 5G ecosystem
bring new verticals into it? Or is the company taking wallet share from just existing customers that
maybe haven't done -- or existing people in the supply chain that have not done business with Keysight
previously?

Mark A. Wallace
Senior VP & Head of Global Sales

Yes. Chris, this is Mark. I'll add some more color on that. You have to first start with the baseline that
we do business with more than 30,000 customers each and every year, so we have -- in more than
100 countries. So our presence is broad and wide. You did hit on one of the key elements, which is the
expansion of various ecosystems. O-RAN is a great example that is accelerating, bringing new customers
into the 5G ecosystem. And then the success we're achieving in really all the ecosystems is expanding our
footprint through that leverage.

The other part, again, that Ron mentioned is the combination of marketing and increased selling capacity
is enabling us to reach more customers into some of the more broad-based segments. As an example,
in the last several quarters, we saw more education customers turn on, we saw more research. And

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2021

as we spoke about earlier in the call, it's still early days on the ramp of automotive. And with that
transformation from prior ICE vehicles to electric and autonomous vehicles, we're seeing a large number
of new companies and customers that we are serving in all 4 regions.

So it's -- like I said before, this is a part of our strategy. We've been running this for 5 years, and it's
helping us to build this base of customers and accounts going forward.

Ronald S. Nersesian
Executive Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

And the only thing I would add to that is, if you look at wallet share, you're exactly right. We've expanded
into services to get more of our customers' wallet share. We've expanded with our software offerings,
and we have added more solutions up and down the communications ecosystem, which clearly gives us a
higher percentage of our customer share.

But it's also important to take a look at our competitors and just go back over the last 1, 2, 3, 4 years and
take a look at our growth rates versus others. And I think you'll also see market share gains for Keysight.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.

Joseph Lima Cardoso
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

This is Joe Cardoso on for Samik Chatterjee. Just one question for me and circling back to automotive.
Within auto, there has been this general excitement around EVs and AVs, both with auto aligned and not
aligned companies looking to leverage those upcoming opportunities. Can you touch on the competitive
landscape there, particularly in that area of auto and whether you're finding it incrementally tougher
relative to traditional automotive world given the potential of new competition? And how is Keysight
driving differentiation there?

Satish Dhanasekaran
Senior VP & COO

Yes. Thanks, Samik. I think if you -- on one dimension, you look at the biggest changes going on in auto
around EV and AV, as Ron mentioned, in the EV space, it's all about bringing the best precision metrology
that we have to measure current and voltage and other basic parameters that enable decision-making on
extending ranges. And this is a matter of us making -- configuring our IP to apply to a different application
set. And it's one where there's a lot of parallel sets of innovation going on, and we're able to do that
today. And it's still very early days in the EV segment but we're getting embedded with a lot of the lead
innovators and the larger ecosystem that's forming.

With regard to AV, clearly, 5G is going to be a big factor that's going to impact the autonomous cars just
from the connectivity aspect and the entire technology stack that goes with it. And that's where extending
our strength and differentiation in 5G into this marketplace continues to give us a unique position of
differentiation. Some of the successes we're having is on account of it. And as you saw, we just entered
into a partnership with [ Decker ] as well to continue to promote this new standard approach to test in this
marketplace.

So still very early days. We're very pleased with the results this quarter. We had strong growth and second
consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in auto, and there's plenty of runway ahead.

Joseph Lima Cardoso
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And then on the competitive landscape being tougher?

Satish Dhanasekaran
Senior VP & COO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2021

Yes. With regards to the competitive landscape, I mean, clearly, anytime there are traditional competitors
that have been on the combustible marketplace that are trying to configure, to try to address this
opportunity. But as we think about it, the expertise needed and the IP needed to play in this space longer
term, I think we bring a very unique perspective there.

Operator

And our next question will come from the line of David Ridley-Lane with Bank of America.

David Emerson Ridley-Lane
BofA Securities, Research Division

So Keysight came into fiscal year '21 with a backlog built up due to COVID-19 disruptions in the prior
year. And year-to-date, you've already built up what I would kind of call an above-average backlog. So
how do you see this interplay of kind of delivery timing of supply chain? Do you think that you're able to
[ complete ] around that excess backlog over the next 12 months? Is it something that extends? How
should we think about that?

Neil P. Dougherty
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, it's a great question. So again, I'd reiterate -- I'd start by reiterating the points that I've made, which
I think we've done a really good job of meeting the needs of our customers and getting them the products
that they need in a timing which is satisfactory at least.

I think, as you know, we've built up significant backlog. I think that backlog is going to -- it's going to
come down over time. But we're also growing into it, right? The business is significantly larger now than it
has been previously. So we would expect to be carrying higher amounts of backlog.

But I don't expect that there's going to be a 1- or 2-quarter flush of material backlog. I think we're
going to work it down over time and continue to meet the needs of our customers, working with them on
scheduling deliveries as we manage the supply chain constraints and the addition of capacity, which we're
still investing in to ultimately bring backlog levels in line with the size of our business.

Ronald S. Nersesian
Executive Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

That does provide a lot of confidence for us to be able to continue to grow our revenue base having such a
strong backlog situation that we have.

David Emerson Ridley-Lane
BofA Securities, Research Division

Got it. And then I think this is the first quarter that you cited O-RAN as a driver for orders. I know there's
been -- you've been making investments. There's been a lot of industry interest here. But are you starting
to see real tangible orders as a result?

Satish Dhanasekaran
Senior VP & COO

Yes. O-RAN was a strategic bet we made a year or so ago. We were participating with the original O-RAN
alliance for a longer time than that. At the highest level, we've long seen that the technology stacks are
going to get virtualized to take advantage of the economics and the flexibility the cloud -- that comes with
cloud.

And so we -- if you remember, a couple of years ago, we made the acquisition of Prisma, which gave us
some unique capabilities, which we were then able to combine with our Ixia acquisition that we made
subsequently. And we've launched the Keysight Open RAN architect capability last quarter. And we've
received pretty sizable orders already, and we have a very strong pipeline.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2021

And this quarter, we took the Keysight Open RAN architect and have now made it available on the Amazon
Cloud as an offering for customers that are coming into this opportunity from a software perspective, so
it's software testing software.

We feel very good about our position in this marketplace. I just want to highlight that multiple Open RAN
test and integration centers around the globe have already selected us in our KORA offering. And you've
also heard -- I think Ron referenced the success we've had with Vodafone selecting Keysight as a partner
for design and test. So very pleased with it.

But again, from a time line of O-RAN, this is a long-term trend, one that we're well positioned today, but
we'll continue to grow this business over time.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Adam Thalhimer with Thompson, Davis.

Adam Robert Thalhimer
Thompson, Davis & Company, Inc., Research Division

Congratulations. I wanted to ask one question on semiconductors. Can you give us a sense of where we
are in the semiconductor cycle for Keysight? And also how much visibility you have there?

Satish Dhanasekaran
Senior VP & COO

I'll take this. Clearly, a very strong quarter, again, building on 4 consecutive quarters of record orders of
revenue in the business. We're very pleased with the performance there.

With regard to where we play, we're playing in the wafer test, which is in the front end of the semi
process. And given the dynamics that are going on around lithography and the advancements that are
playing out, especially driven by 5G and data center applications for 7-nanometer, 5-nanometer and
3-nanometer, I think all of those new node size-based opportunities are still on the very early innings.
Because one, those nodes have to get stable and then ramp up. So it's still very early stages there.

So we view the capital spend for those new node sizes to be fairly stable over time. Obviously, there is a
part of the business that is about scaling capacity into mature processes, and we think that will continue
given this current semi shortages that are going on and demand being high through '22, and it remains to
be seen what happens along the term.

We also -- it's important to highlight that given the infrastructure spend that's likely to come into the
United States and Europe and other regions looking to localize supply chain, it's one dynamic that's not
factored into any of these outlook projections but could have more upside for the semi business.

But again, you look at the end market demand drivers, whether it's new memory, topologies or 5G or data
center demand, all of those are feeding into this at this point.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Rob Mason with Baird.

Robert W. Mason
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Several questions already around supply chain, but -- and perhaps I missed it, but did you speak to your
own efforts internally to kind of boost capacity? I know production capacity, trying to increase that, at the
same time, battling some of the COVID-related restrictions was an effort. Maybe just an update on that
front.

And maybe relatedly as well is just, how do you think about the seasonality of the business? We went
through this year with kind of muted seasonality for several reasons. That seasonality continuing as we
head into -- or kind of muted seasonality continuing as we head into '22.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2021

Neil P. Dougherty
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Great question. So obviously, we have been and continue to invest in increasing our own capacity.
Just as a point, we did $4.2 million of revenue last year.

Ronald S. Nersesian
Executive Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Billion.

Neil P. Dougherty
Senior VP & CFO

We're going to do $4.9 billion of revenue this year. So we've added significantly to revenue. Last quarter,
we did talk about how within our own factories and subcontractors, which we did have some capacity
constraints, those items were not a gating item for us this quarter. We've added enough capacity that it
was no longer the gating item.

That doesn't mean that we are done investing as we continue to look forward to the future growth of our
business. We're continuing to make investments in further capacity expansion. But right now, I feel like
we're doing a good job of staying ahead of the curve. And certainly, particularly given that there are some
supply chain constraints that potentially is relieving a little bit of the -- a little bit of the pressure there.

On the seasonality question, I've answered this question many times over the years. And when I sit back
to model our business at the beginning of any year, we tend to think of coming off of Q4 is our biggest
quarter of the year. So we model sequentially down in Q1, up in Q2, down a little bit in Q3 and then a big
finish in Q4, the highest quarter of the year. That's how I would sit down to model our business.

As we talked about all through this year, we expected because of the rebound from COVID and then
more recently with some of the supply chain constraints and the need to add capacity, we expected that
seasonality to be more muted this year than it's historically been. And I think that's proven out here over
the last several quarters.

I think as we look forward, at least over the next couple of quarters, I expect that muted seasonality to
remain intact. That doesn't mean there won't be any. I just think that the swings will be less than they
typically are. And beyond that, it's hard to call.

Operator

And our next question will come from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs.

Mark Trevor Delaney
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

The company cited trade restrictions with China as a headwind to the growth rate that you reported. I was
hoping you could elaborate a bit more on what you've ended up seeing and some of the puts and takes in
the context of maybe there are certain customers you're not able to ship to. But to what extent have you
been able to offset some of the -- some of those trade-related headwinds either as you focus more of your
own resources on other customers or some of the other customers perhaps took market share?

Ronald S. Nersesian
Executive Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Mark, do you want to take that? Or...

Mark A. Wallace
Senior VP & Head of Global Sales

Yes. Yes, I'll be happy to. Hey, Mark. So as I mentioned before, we did see some uplift from the COVID
recovery in certain segments that were really more affected by the impact last year and the early part of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2021

this year. So you would consider that to be automotive, manufacturing supply chain, the things we talked
about, right, education and research and then our sales into some of the broad customers, both direct and
indirect. So that's a dynamic that we certainly experienced.

We had some pull-in, as we talked about before, in semiconductor, but it's small and it really gives us
this longer visibility through the forecasts and funnels going out many, many quarters as that is a slower
moving process with fabs and so forth.

And -- but again, most of our growth in the quarter still comes from the continuing investments in the
areas that we're talking about for next-generation technologies, across commercial comms and aerospace,
defense and e-mobility. And we've done a great job of capturing those in all regions, including China
where obviously that's where the headwinds originate. And this last quarter, we overcame them again,
sustaining top line growth in China, double-digit growth when you exclude the trade impact. And it's really
a testament to our ability to pivot to the broad-based business that's available to us in China and the
ability to capture that throughout the various cycles.

So semiconductor, again, automotive, general electronics, so we've not only pivoted in China, but we've
also captured this around the world.

Ronald S. Nersesian
Executive Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

And getting more specifically with regard to the trade headwinds, there's no doubt there's been some
more companies that have been added to the restricted list. But the team has done an excellent job of still
providing growth despite that and making up for, let's say, large sales that were a headwind going into this
year. And most of that is behind us, and we look forward to the future.

Mark A. Wallace
Senior VP & Head of Global Sales

Yes. Just one more to add on that. Q3 was the last quarter of strong headwind from one customer in
China. So it's going to be a little better, going forward.

Mark Trevor Delaney
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Just a follow-up question on supply chain and specifically with Malaysia. Given the vaccination rates that
you mentioned within your factory, can you talk about to what extent you can operate at normal or near
normal levels of capacity in Malaysia because of those vaccination rates? Or are there still restrictions on
how much you can have operating in Malaysia?

Ronald S. Nersesian
Executive Chairman of the Board, CEO & President

Yes. We're in Penang, in Malaysia. Some of the bigger outbreaks that they did have in Malaysia first
occurred in the southern part of Malaysia, not in Penang, where we are.

But regardless of that, we had a very massive effort to not only vaccinate our employees, but also folks
that we work with, our partners, some of our contract manufacturers, our shippers that come in, anybody
that gets in contact with us.

And we have over 95% that have received the first dose as of beginning of this week. This week, they
were getting the second dose. So that feels very good. That's not a constraint right now. But as the orders
grow, we'll continue to build that.

The constraint is just getting some lower-level components in certain areas. But we feel very good about
our production capacity that we have in Malaysia as well as what we have in the other facilities where we
do manufacture, as we do some manufacturing in the U.S., we do some in Germany. And altogether, it's all
built into the guide.

Operator
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2021

And our next question will come from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies.

Brandon Couillard
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Neil, just a clarification just on the 4Q guide. I mean if the Huawei headwinds roll off in the fourth quarter,
I'm a little surprised that the implied revenue growth in the fourth quarter wouldn't be better than kind
of low single digits, if that's the case, which would imply a deceleration on 2- and 3-year stack comps. It
doesn't sound like the end markets have changed all that much. You talked about supply chain constraints
here and there, but you seem to be managing it fairly well. So am I missing something here? Or are you
embedding perhaps a little more conservatism around one particular end market?

Neil P. Dougherty
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. No, I think as we've gone through this year, we've been building our ability to ship and our ability to
drive incremental revenues as we've gone through the year 11 80 Q1; 12 20, Q2; 12 46 Q3, we're guiding
to 12 60 Q4. So we're making some stepped-up progression.

In terms of the year-over-year growth rates, obviously, the Q4 of last year was the kind of the big bounce
back quarter after our factories reopened up and reramped following the initial COVID shutdown. And so
we have an unusually tough compare from a year ago. And frankly, not just on the revenue line, but we've
talked about the extraordinarily favorable mix that we saw in Q4 of last year that drove gross margins and
operating margins high.

And so I think if you're thinking about it from that perspective, I'd just point really to that tough comp as
something that's going to mute growth rates here in the fourth quarter. But I think we continue to make
progress, adding capacity, continue to making progress in terms of ramping our revenue, and we're really
well positioned as we look forward to FY '22.

Brandon Couillard
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then maybe I missed this, but did you give the software and service revenue growth for the
third quarter?

Neil P. Dougherty
Senior VP & CFO

We did not, but both businesses continue to grow very, very strongly here in the fourth quarter. And we're
very pleased with the progress we're making in both areas, double digits for both lines of business.

Operator

Thank you. And with that, that will conclude today's question-and-answer session. And I'll turn the call
over to Jason Kary for closing comments.

Jason Kary
Vice President of Treasurer & Investor Relations

Thank you, Holly, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with many of
you at the upcoming conferences and wish you all a great day and a great evening.

Operator
Once again, we'd like to thank you for your participation on today's conference call. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

