KLA Corporation NasdaqGS:KLAC
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 29, 2021 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

3.62

3.85

Revenue  (mm)

1753.37

1803.77

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-27-2021 11:49 AM GMT

6.35

2.87

3.67

13.47

14.99

1778.70

6699.74

7258.02

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

2.42

2.79

3.22

3.62

2.73

3.03

3.24

3.85

SURPRISE

12.81 %

8.60 %

0.62 %

6.35 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
KLA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Bren D. Higgins
Executive VP & CFO

Kevin M. Kessel
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Richard P. Wallace
President, CEO & Executive
Director

ANALYSTS

Christopher James Muse
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Harlan Sur
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

J. Ho
Stifel Europe, Research Division

John William Pitzer
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Joseph Lawrence Moore
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Joseph Michael Quatrochi
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Krish Sankar
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Timothy Michael Arcuri
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Vivek Arya
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

KLA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon. My name is Priscilla, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would
like to welcome everyone to the KLA Corporation March Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call and
Webcast. [Operator Instructions]

I will now turn the call over to Kevin Kessel, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Kevin M. Kessel
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Priscilla, and welcome to KLA's fiscal Q3 2021 quarterly earnings call to discuss the results of
our March quarter and the outlook for the June quarter.

With me today is Rick Wallace, our Chief Executive Officer; and Bren Higgins, our Chief Financial Officer.
During today's call, we will discuss quarterly results for the period ended March 31, 2021, that we released
this afternoon after the market close in the form of a press release, shareholder letter and slide deck. All
are available on the KLA IR section of our website.

Today's discussion is presented on a non-GAAP financial basis unless otherwise specified. A detailed
reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results is in today's earnings materials posted on our website.

During today's call, whenever we make references to a year, we are referring to the calendar year. Our IR
website also contains future investor events as well as presentations, corporate governance information
and links to our SEC filings, including the most recent annual report and quarterly reports on Forms 10-K
and 10-Q.

Our comments today are subject to risks and uncertainties reflected in the risk factors disclosed in our
SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements, including those that we make on the call today, are also
subject to those risks, and KLA cannot guarantee those forward-looking statements will come true. Our
actual results may differ significantly from those projected in our forward-looking statements.

I'd like to now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Rick Wallace. Rick?

Richard P. Wallace
President, CEO & Executive Director

Thanks, Kevin, and thank you for joining KLA's earnings call today. KLA's March quarter results
demonstrate continued momentum in our business. We delivered strong 27% year-over-year revenue
growth.

Non-GAAP gross and operating profit rose 30% and 48% year-over-year, respectively. And free cash flow
grew 47% to a record level. We accomplished these by executing our strategic vision amidst a dynamic
business environment. Year-to-date, we've seen a sharp increase in business levels across each of our
major markets. This is primarily due to secular demand trends driving semiconductor industry growth
across a broad range of markets and applications such as 5G and cloud computing.

Our customers are increasing their strategic CapEx investment to address these growth markets while
continuing investment in leading-edge R&D efforts. Against this backdrop of strong demand, we continue
to navigate evolving customer requirements and dynamic supply chain challenges. Still, KLA has not
missed a beat and continues operating at an exceptionally high level, delivering on our commitments,
staying focused on creating value for our partners, customers and shareholders.

We would be remiss if we did not mention that achieving these results would be impossible without the
extraordinary contributions of our talented global teams who always rise to the challenges of meeting
our customers' needs in an increasingly complex global business environment. Three key things enabled
KLA's record results and momentum: one, successful innovation and market leadership; two, the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

KLA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

resourcefulness and talent of our global workforce; and three, the strength and resiliency of the KLA
operating model.

Before we discuss those further, let me begin by touching on how we see the industry demand
environment now. Strong secular demand trends continue to shape multiple markets and are fueled by
the increasing digitization of end markets and industries. In addition, there's a heightened focus on the
strategic nature of our customers' investments around both leading edge development, optimizing facility
utilization and regionalization. As a result, our WFE forecast has improved, even further from January,
reflecting the strength of demand we're experiencing over the past couple of months, with momentum
continuing into calendar 2022.

And in this environment, KLA is experiencing a sharp increase in customer demand for systems and
support for 2021 deliveries. And our expectations for KLA revenue growth have increased from our initial
assessment in January. This momentum in customer investment is happening against a backdrop where
process control intensity maintains its momentum and KLA continues to drive market leadership at levels
approximately 4x the nearest competitor. Propelled by the upside we're experiencing in the underlying
WFE markets, KLA market leadership, increasing long-term process control intensity, our broader reach
into electronics ecosystem and the contributions of our large and growing service business, KLA is on track
to achieve our 2023 financial targets well ahead of our original expectations.

KLA's market leadership results from the ongoing successful execution of the company's customer-focused
strategy, which is based on investing a high level of R&D to drive differentiation with the unique portfolio
of products, technologies and strategies that address the most critical process control market challenges.
We're pleased to continue to see the success of our efforts being validated by our customers' purchasing
decisions. Here are some recent success stories to illustrate the point.

The most recently published Gartner data shows that in 2020, the total optical inspection market grew at
a rate double that of the growth rate of the overall WFE market to approximately $1.9 billion, with KLA
maintaining our strong market leadership and 83% share of this critical market for process control.

Many already know that KLA is participating in the automotive electronics through our semiconductor
packaging and PCB product lines. We're excited by near-term plans to launch new versions of our process
control products tailored for the automotive industry. This quarter, expect to hear more about how KLA
has positioned our wafer inspection portfolio to help customers drive higher reliability, quality and yield
in automotive applications in both 200-millimeter and 300-millimeter production, which will help address
some of the reported automotive semiconductor shortages going forward.

Calendar year 2021 is positioned to be the 6th consecutive year of revenue growth for KLA, demonstrating
strong through-cycle growth, the success of our diversification strategies and our market leadership in
process control and a large and growing contribution from our Services business.

Let's briefly cover the top 5 highlights from the March quarter results. First, we saw continued strength
and breadth in foundry/logic demand in the quarter. As expected, memory demand also grew, as memory
customers planned for growth in equipment investment in 2021 to meet improving end demand. We
expect higher business levels across a broader set of customers in the March quarter, with demand
momentum continuing throughout 2021 across major end markets. The strength in demand we're seeing
reflects KLA's essential role in supporting our customers' drive to innovate and continue to invest in future
technology nodes.

Second, Gartner's recent market share report for 2020 sized KLA's share of process control over 53%
for the year. KLA's market share in process control has maintained a steady growth trajectory over the
past 10 years. Highlights of the 2020 report show KLA continuing to strengthen our core franchise in
optical inspection and strong momentum against e-beam inspection and optical metrology. Increasing
investment in leading-edge foundry/logic accelerated adoption of the EUV continues to be major factors
driving equipment spending.

KLA's market leadership once again demonstrates the success of our portfolio approach to solving complex
customer requirements at the leading edge. Third, our Services revenue was $428 million in the March

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

KLA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

quarter or 24% of total sales, with over 75% of Services revenue in our Semiconductor Process Control
segment resulting from recurring contract agreements. Services is on track for another strong double-
digit growth year, driven by our growing installed base, higher utilization rate and increasing expansion of
service opportunities in the trailing edge and the EPC group. Our Semi Process Control service business
revenue continues to grow faster than the rate of the installed base, growing approximately 2.8x faster
over the last 5 years.

Fourth, this was another growth quarter for our Electronics, Packaging and Components, or EPC group,
highlighted by record quarterly bookings for the semiconductor -- the specialty semiconductor business.
Growth was driven by automotive, 5G, wireless connectivity and advanced packaging applications across
various end markets. With EPC, KLA is now providing a more comprehensive and broader product portfolio
across fast growing new markets in the electronics value chain such as RF, automotive semiconductors
and advanced packaging. As it relates to EPC's opportunities in advanced packaging markets, KLA is
strengthening our engagement with the top 5 semiconductor market leaders in packaging, and we're
expanding our reach with OSATs. KLA is ramping our investment in advanced packaging market to drive
adoption of new technologies in this exciting growth market in addition to new inspection products for high
level production and assembly.

Finally, in keeping with our commitment to deliver strong and predictable capital returns to our
shareholders, in the March quarter, we repurchased $273 million of our common stock and paid $139
million in dividends for a total capital return of $412 million or 71% of free cash flow of $585 million,
which was also a record. Last July, KLA's Board of Directors authorized the 11th consecutive annual
dividend increase to a yearly run rate of $3.60 per share. Since its inception in 2006, KLA's dividend
payout has grown at a CAGR of approximately 15%. We believe KLA's track record of delivering strong
capital returns is a key component of the KLA investment thesis and offers predictable and compelling
value creation for our shareholders.

Before Bren gets into greater details of our financial highlights, let me recap. KLA's March 2021 results
demonstrate the critical nature of KLA's products and services and enabling the digital transformation of
our lives, the resiliency of the KLA operating model and our commitment to productive capital allocation.
KLA is exceptionally well positioned at the forefront of technology innovation with a comprehensive
portfolio of products to meet demanding customer requirements, balancing sensitivity and throughput.
Semiconductor and electronics landscape is constantly changing. We're seeing broadening customer
interest, driven by more technology innovation than ever before at the leading edge.

We believe there are multiple secular factors driving industry demand, and KLA will continue to benefit
from and position us to exceed our 2023 financial targets, reach them earlier than anticipated. At the
same time, our strategy of driving diversified growth with strong long-term operating leverage should
provide robust cash flow generation and consistent capital returns to our shareholders.

And with that, I'll pass the call over to Bren.

Bren D. Higgins
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Rick. Results this quarter highlighted the soundness and strength of our ongoing strategies.
We continue to demonstrate our ability to meet customer needs and expand our market leadership while
growing operating profits, generating record free cash flow and maintaining our long-term strategy of
productive capital allocation.

Total revenue in the March quarter was $1.8 billion, at the top of the guided range. Non-GAAP gross
margin was 62.9%, above the midpoint of the guided range, as stronger revenue and favorable product
mix drove upside in the quarter. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.85, at the upper end of the guided range. GAAP
EPS was $3.66.

Non-GAAP total operating expenses were $407 million, including $239 million of R&D expense and $168
million of SG&A. At KLA, technical application support for our customers is included in SG&A and was $42

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

KLA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

million in the quarter. The combination of R&D expense and technical applications represents about 70%
of total operating expenses.

Non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of revenue was very strong at 40.4%. Given higher revenue
expectations for the remaining 3 quarters of 2021, product development requirements, particularly in
programs supporting next-generation reticle inspection capabilities, regionalization of additional customer
engagement resources and increased investment in our infrastructure globally, particularly in expanding
our manufacturing footprint and completing our new HQ2 in Ann Arbor, Michigan, we expect operating
expenses to be approximately $412 million in the June quarter.

We are budgeting quarterly operating expenses to increase sequentially $3 million to $5 million a quarter
over the near-term horizon. Given top line expectations for 2021 and fueled by double-digit growth over
the past 2 years, we expect that the business will continue to outperform our target operating model, both
in terms of overall profitability and operating margin leverage.

Non-GAAP net income was $598 million. GAAP net income was $567 million. Cash flow from operations
was $646 million. And free cash flow was $585 million. This resulted in a free cash flow conversion of
nearly 100% and a very healthy free cash flow margin of over 32%.

Our segment revenue was strong in the quarter, driven by growth in our Semiconductor Process Control
business. The EPC group delivered results mostly in line with our model heading into the quarter.
Revenue for the Semiconductor Process Control segment, including its associated service business was
$1.51 billion, a sequential quarterly increase of 9% and up 28% compared with March of last year. The
approximate semiconductor customer mix was as follows: foundry/logic was strong as expected at 69%.
And memory was 31%. In memory, the business was split roughly 55% NAND and 45% DRAM.

Revenue for the Specialty Semiconductor Process segment in March was $92 million, up 1% sequentially
and up 8% over the prior year. Demand in this segment was driven by growth in RF, power and advanced
packaging. PCB, display and component inspection revenue was $205 million, up 14% sequentially and
up 28% year-over-year, with mobility markets driving strength in advanced PCB and finished component
inspection.

Revenue by major product category and region are both broken out in the shareholder letter in slides.
From a balance sheet perspective, KLA ended the quarter with $2.4 billion in total cash, total debt of $3.4
billion and a flexible and attractive bond maturity profile supported by strong investment-grade ratings
from all 3 agencies.

In terms of cash flow and capital returns, Rick already covered the highlights. We believe our track
record of delivering strong capital returns is a key component of the KLA investment thesis and offers
predictable and compelling value creation for our shareholders. While circumstances can change, our
current expectation is that our capital returns profile for calendar '21 will exceed 85% of the expected free
cash flow.

As it relates to guidance, our overall semiconductor demand and WFE outlook has expanded further from
our view in January, where we characterized the WFE market to grow in the low teens, plus or minus a
few points. We are revising up our view for the WFE market to grow on a percentage basis in the low to
mid 20s, with a bias to the upside in calendar '21 from approximately $61 billion in 2020, reflecting the
strengthening of demand we have experienced over the past couple of months across all segments.

Also, at earnings in January, we provided a high-level outlook of business levels being roughly flat
quarter-to-quarter for calendar year '21. As we look ahead, based on the strength of our current backlog,
sales funnel visibility over the next couple of quarters, along with expected product lead times, we are
encouraged by the sustainability of our current demand profile for the year. As a result, we would expect
the company revenue to continue to improve sequentially quarter-to-quarter throughout the remainder of
the calendar year, with the second half growing versus the first half, as more KLA manufacturing capacity
comes online to support this robust customer demand environment.

This growth is fueled principally by our Semiconductor Process Control business. This business is
positioned well in terms of expected performance in 2021 relative to the overall WFE market.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

KLA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Our June quarter guidance is as follows. Total revenue is expected to be in a range of $1.855 billion,
plus or minus $100 million. Foundry/logic is forecasted to be about 68%. And memory is expected to
be approximately 32% of Semi Process Control systems revenue to semiconductor customers. Within
memory, DRAM is expected to be about 60% of the segment mix. We forecast non-GAAP gross margin
to be in a range of 61% to 63%, as product mix expectations normalize in the June quarter. Based on
increased revenue volume and product mix expectations for 2021, we are now modeling gross margin to
be between 62% and 62.5% for the calendar year.

While in any given quarter the mix of our business will affect our gross margin results, the structural
trends, both in terms of product cost and product positioning, remain compelling in our sustainable
tailwinds going forward. Other model assumptions include, non-GAAP operating expenses of approximately
$412 million, interest and other expense of approximately $40 million and an effective tax rate of
approximately 13.5%.

Finally, GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in a range of $3.20 to $4.08 and non-GAAP diluted EPS in a
range of $3.47 to $4.35. The EPS guidance is based on a fully diluted share count of approximately 154.5
million shares.

In closing, the industry dynamics driving semiconductors and investments in WFE remain compelling, with
solid demand across end markets and at multiple technology nodes. We are encouraged by the strength of
the leading indicators of our business. And our customers' multiyear plans for continued investment.

KLA is executing well, and we have continued confidence that we are on track to both exceed our 2023
financial targets and achieve it sooner than anticipated on the strength of higher industry demand. The
KLA operating model positions us well to outperform and guides our strategic objectives. These objectives
fuel our growth, operational excellence and differentiation across an increasingly diverse product and
service offering. They also underpin our sustained technology leadership, deep competitive moat, strong
track record of free cash flow generation and capital returns to shareholders.

With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Kevin to begin the Q&A. Kevin?

Kevin M. Kessel
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Bren. Priscilla, we're ready to queue for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

KLA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll now take our first question from Krish Sankar with Cowen and Company.

Krish Sankar
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Congrats on the really strong results. Rick or Bren, the first question I had was you're guiding to WFE,
obviously, uptick since 3 months ago, similar in the mid-20 range. I'm kind of curious, if I look at some of
your peers, they're talking about 30% range. But either way, from your vantage point, how do you think
KLA's Semi Process Control revenues are going to do relative to your mid-20s WFE growth on a calendar
'21 basis? And then I have a follow-up.

Bren D. Higgins
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Krish, thanks for the comments. I'll start here, but you have to remember that everybody uses a
different baseline. So that's why I put the baseline in there. So I said that against the baseline of 2020 of
$61 billion, we saw a -- we see growth from there in the low to mid-20s percentile as -- and with bias to
the upside. So I think that as we see it, you do the math on that, that puts you in that sort of $75 billion
plus range of WFE. And certainly, the momentum that we saw over the course of the quarter has increased
pretty substantially, really across all segments.

So we feel pretty good not only about the growth of the overall industry, but the positioning of the Semi
Process Control segment against that industry growth and expectations. So I think that it sets up well for
us. We have to execute over the remainder of the year, but I think it sets up well for us in terms of relative
performance against the industry.

Krish Sankar
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Got it. Got it. Super helpful, Bren. And then as a follow-up -- and thanks for the color on the market
share data from last year. I'm just looking more, if we look -- looking ahead, can you talk a little bit about
the market share dynamics? Obviously, a large U.S. competitor has spoken about gaining traction in
Process Control, introduce a new optical inspection tool with the e-beam combo along with AI. So I'm kind
of curious, are you seeing that impact your share, especially foundry and logic? Or how do you kind of
counteract that, especially given that you are obviously the leader in this space today?

Richard P. Wallace
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes, Krish, thanks for the question. I think that there's no question that the demand for process control
continues to be strong, as Bren said. And we view process control in 2021 as outgrowing the overall
market-based on those drivers. From a competitive standpoint, we also expect to be able to continue the
plan we laid out in 2020 -- 2019, which is to increase our overall position of process control as we have in
the last couple of years. And we think that continues based on the strength of our product portfolio and
the engagement we have with our existing customers.

There's no question that there's always going to be competition out there. But if you look at the history
of the Gartner data, as we highlighted, over time, KA has consistently been successful in leveraging our
strategies to build on our market position and gain share. And we don't see anything about the current
competitive environment that will change that. We do have some major products to deliver in terms of
-- in areas like reticle inspection, but -- and that's happening this year. But we're very pleased with the
performance of our optical inspection. And we're also very encouraged by the recent success of our e-
beam offerings that we really got back in those segments in the last year or so.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

KLA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

So we feel good about our competitive position. And as you might imagine, it kind of shows up in our
gross margin in terms of the strength of our business and our competitive position. That we're able to
continue to have the kind of margin profile that we have, despite the fact that we've added EPC, which
overall, at a corporate level, you know, was dilutive to the margins that KLA had prior to that. So I think
that should be evidence of our strength.

Operator

And we will move next to John Pitzer with Crédit Suisse.

John William Pitzer
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Bren, just first on the gross margin in the March quarter. What drove the upside? And I guess, importantly,
as you look at June and full calendar year guide, what are the assumptions that you're making for kind
of mix? And to what extent are your above target because of cyclical, because of mix? Or should we just
start thinking about 62% plus as being kind of the new target?

Bren D. Higgins
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, John, thanks for the question. So when you look back at the March quarter, most of the growth
sequentially in the quarter came from the Semi Process Control business. And as Rick just mentioned,
that's a richer business for us overall. So that, combined with the upside in the quarter in terms of
incremental revenue, is what drove the margins up to where they were. It's a little bit lower as we look
at the June quarter. It's still in line with the kind of guidance that we've been providing at 62%, plus or
minus. So we're mostly in line with that.

As we look at quarter-to-quarter, we do have some sequential growth in EPC. And so that's dilutive from
that standpoint. But in general, I think that the margin drivers structurally are all pretty solid. We're
seeing nice leverage overall in the business from the activities, the strength of the business and the
activities in our factory. So we're seeing good efficiencies there.

And then over the course of the year, I think just given directionally where it's moving, as I mentioned last
quarter, I thought it was 61.5% to 62% for the year. Certainly, the stronger outlook in terms of top line,
but also just the drivers underneath in terms of what we're expecting from certain products. I think we're
in line with that sort of 62% to 62.5% that I talked about in our prepared remarks.

And given the strength in the business overall, probably more bias to the upper end of that range. So I
think that there's sustainable traction in these areas, particularly around certain products. We talked about
the inflection and growth in optical inspection. So anytime you see products like that inflecting, that's
going to drive to a richer mix overall for the overall business.

John William Pitzer
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

That's helpful. And then, Rick, as my follow-up, going back to kind of the market share question, which
I think is one of the key investor concerns out there. I think the concern that some investors have is
that as we hit this inflection from optical to more exotic-like sources like e-beam and X-ray, the sort of
review that the incumbency advantage kind of goes away and perhaps we're all kind of estimating that
inflection to happen more quickly than it will. But can you help me better understand the 4x market share
advantage that you have in the optical world, how does that position you as we start moving to these new
technologies?

Richard P. Wallace
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. Thanks, John. I think the -- I'm not certain of this, but I think the fastest growing product in
metrology and inspection, I'm pretty certain, was our GEN5 over the last couple of years. And the strength

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

KLA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

of that is driven by its ability to satisfy the needs that we have for inspection measurement with EUV,
specifically around print down and also the advanced nodes.

There's nothing that we're seeing that indicates the percent of inspection and metrology budget is
dramatically increasing toward e-beam. In fact, if anything, it's always been the challenge to drive the
optical at a higher rate, because the price performance is so much higher.

I'd also say that the people that are closest to having a multi-beam -- e-beam solution are KLA. We're
the ones that have it that we're developing and introducing in the reticle space, which is, I think, where
it's needed the most. So we don't really see any inflection. We don't see a change in the market share
dynamic. And if anything, the challenge the brand and the operations team have is satisfying the
increased demand around the optical portfolio that we have, specifically GEN5, but also GEN4, which
hasn't slowed down. So I don't buy the thesis that this is the transition.

It hasn't been for years, and the reason is because optical keeps getting better. And it's really difficult
to make an e-beam tool that's fast enough to satisfy most of the inspection requirements. In terms of
pointing e-beam, pointing optical with e-beam, that's not a new idea. That's been around quite a while.
And at KLA, we introduced that concept when we introduced our e-beam inspection tool and talked about
it at our Analyst Day. That just allows those tools to be functional and to continue to provide value. So I
don't think that transition is happening.

I think just in terms of overall growth rates, right? So we talked about the accelerated growth relative to
market in 2020. And I would expect this business to grow faster than market again in 2021. So I think
that the good thing about the complementary nature of our e-beam solutions with our optical is driving
higher relevancy and use case application across the optical inspection, which is the large market, right?
That's the market that's $2 billion-plus in terms of opportunities. So it gives you some perspective on the
strategy overall, but there's an inflection here that's validating, I think, the relevancy of optical inspection
in a lot of different ways.

John William Pitzer
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

And Rick, does the incumbency advantage you enjoy at optical transferable as the world starts to move to
e-beam?

Richard P. Wallace
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. John, again, I don't think the world is going to move large scale to e-beam. I mean we're well
positioned if it does. But I just don't think -- I think there's going to be a mix and match. And the percent
of layers that could be inspected by e-beam is never going to be as high as what could be expected by
optical, especially since GEN5 is still in the early iterations. We have more capability to add to GEN5.
We've been adding -- have for a while added AI capability to that.

So I think in general, yes, we have a good e-beam solution, but our modeling doesn't show that, that's
going to be the increased percentage of the use case, because optical can satisfy -- especially GEN5 can
satisfy the needs that are going to be through the 2020s even past when we get the high-NA EUV. And
remember, that's only a percentage of the layers that are going to be subject to that. So I don't think
we're going to see this transition to e-beam.

I think incumbency for KLA has really been based on our ability to keep delivering new capability to the
market, not so much because we've been there, but our newest products, which is why we invest so
heavily in R&D and the application support for our customers. So I don't think it's going to transition. We'd
be fine if it did, but I think it's a better price performance for our customers to have as many layers be
done optically as possible, because the throughput capability is just so much better in optical than it is in
any form of e-beam.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

KLA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

We will take our next question from C.J. Muse with Evercore.

Christopher James Muse
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I guess first question, Rick, I want to go back to your earlier comment around process control outgrowing
WFE. And to me, logically, when we're adding meaningful capacity, I would think process tools would
outperform and process control would underperform. Not any hit to you, but just where you fit in terms of
the order of spending. And here, you've outlined mid-20s kind of growth for the industry, whereas we've
heard 37% growth from ASML. We've got 30-plus percent growth from Lam. How in that world would
process control outperform. Is it Intel coming back? Is it mask inspection spend from China? What are the
moving parts that can allow that to happen?

Richard P. Wallace
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. I'll give some color, and then Bren can fill in some of the details. But if you -- if we assume the
market is, let's say, just pick a number, 22% WFE growth this year. What we're loaded right now and
what we're modeling that we need to do just based on the orders and the conversations we're having with
customers daily is we'll significantly outgrow that.

I don't know if it will be 38%, but it will probably start with a 3 in terms of what it is. Now we don't
know what WFE is going to actually be this year, but if that's what process control -- that's just based
on the conversations we're having right now. Ahmad Khan who runs that business is in calls almost 3
times a week talking about slots and support for customers across this portfolio. I get pulled into them
occasionally. But that's the conversation is how can we support that.

And when we model it, we look at that business, and we think it's going to be a very strong grower this
year. Could the WFE numbers change? Yes, of course. What's it driven on your other question, C.J., it's
-- of course, it's driven by the increased investment people have in the advanced design rules. It's not a
secret that TSM has talked about dramatically increasing their CapEx this year, and we know what Intel
has said publicly.

But it's not just that. We're seeing increased commitment in conversation from the memory manufacturers
who want that capability too. So I think the difference between the process control intensity and foundry/
logic is still there, but it is narrowing a bit as people push harder on the advanced nodes for -- specifically
for the advanced DRAM work that's going, but also some NAND work too. Bren, maybe you can fill in.

Bren D. Higgins
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, C.J., I always struggle a little bit with these questions, just because everybody uses different
baselines. I don't know what the baselines were for the different companies. And sometimes they don't
even share them, so you don't really know when you're thinking about percentages. So I try to show our
work here, how we're thinking about it. If you look at 2020, KLA's performance was pretty much in line
with the market. If you went from $52 billion, $53 billion in 2019 to 2020 at $61 billion, that's about 16%
overall. And if you look at Semi PC equipment, it was in that ballpark.

So as we look at this year, as I said earlier, if you're looking at $75 billion plus, I think that's where the
industry is against the $61 billion baseline, then you're like in the mid-20s to our prepared remarks. And
against that backdrop, I would expect Process Control to do very well.

And so we'll see how it goes. I'm not going to guide the second half. Certainly, we would expect the
second half to be stronger in that business overall. And I think the drivers are pretty compelling and pretty
broad-based. So we'll see how it goes as we move forward here. But that's -- I think that's how I see it at
this point.

Christopher James Muse
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

KLA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Yes, very helpful. Very helpful. As my follow-up, you alluded to supply constraints or adding on additional
capacity. Would love to hear -- you guys typically run your business to roughly 7-month backlog. Has
that extended? And I guess, what -- how should we be thinking about the timing of bringing on capacity
implications to the model, either gross margins or OpEx, if at all? And if your lead times are extending
beyond that kind of 7-month time frame, do you have visibility now into the first half of '22?

Bren D. Higgins
Executive VP & CFO

Well, we prefer to operate right around 6 months where we can. Now our products do vary. Some have
very long lead times, where you're looking at some of our high-end systems, the timing to procure and
optical components and then polish and grind optics can take some time. So for some of those products,
the lead times are significantly longer. I'd say today, if you aggregate it across the company, we're a
little bit longer than we'd like to be. So we'd like to target somewhere in that 5 to 6, and we're probably
somewhere in that 7 to 8 range as we look at it today.

And capacity is coming online really across the board. We're adding people into all of our factories. We've
been doing that since we started to see the business inflect in November in a meaningful way. We're
adding capacity in terms of space in all of our major factories around the world. And we're working very
closely with our suppliers. Suppliers have been great in supporting our ramp so far. They're adding and
investing, and we're investing in them in a lot of cases.

So I would expect that given the guidance, the growth we're expecting in the second half will happen as a
result of incremental capacity, and we can continue to work that. So I think given the expectations around
6 months of -- in terms of our lead time, we can continue to add to what we have to support whatever
environment we're facing.

At the end of the day, KLA doesn't lose business because we can't deliver. So we also will move things
around as needed to be able to support our customers. And we do a lot from a tactical point of view to try
to shorten cycle times, adding shifts, all the little things you can do to pull in and cut days out of the lead
time.

So all those activities are ongoing. And I think that as we execute against that into the second half, I think
it creates opportunities for us to deliver to the expectations we have right now, but also to support upside
if it presents itself. And I don't see any reason why -- it seems to be sustaining even as we move beyond,
right, in terms of -- I don't see anything falling off anytime soon.

Operator

We will take our next question from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.

Harlan Sur
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great job on the quarterly execution and strong results. In foundry, I know most of the discussion has
been focused on leading edge, but there's significant wafer tightness on lagging edge CMOS technologies,
16-, 28-, 40-nanometer and higher. I know your sweet spot is advanced technologies, but there is some
part of the demand strength in process control coming from these lighting edge processes as capacity
gets built out. So what percentage of your business and process control is exposed to mature technology
nodes?

Richard P. Wallace
President, CEO & Executive Director

So well, China -- all the business in China classify as mature, and most of that is pretty foundry-weighted
this year. There is some wafer investment that's happening. There is some memory investment. But
I'd still say it's probably greater than 60%, 65% foundry. I don't have it in front of me. And so you've
got that, plus you've got other activity. I would say probably somewhere in the Semi Process Control
equipment, if I just look at the equipment part of the business, it's probably somewhere around 25% of
our revenue, I would call, 28-nanometer and above, 25% to 30%.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

KLA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Bren D. Higgins
Executive VP & CFO

Just to add to it, it's not just tight there. As you know, it's tight everywhere. And so you do remember
years ago, if you think back to when there was 1 product and it would transition to the next product
and people would reuse capabilities, that's really not an option now. And so what you get is the heavily
utilization that benefits sales, but also we see that in service. So that's what's part of what's driving the
higher levels of growth in service.

Harlan Sur
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. Good insights there. And then as a follow-on, I mean, on the EPC business with -- again, with
the chip tightness on mature technologies, especially automotive and industrial-focused and tightness in
advanced packaging and substrates, I would assume that this would be driving strong demand for EPC's
portfolio of products, because they are focused on specialty processes, advanced packaging and PCB.

And I think last call, I think your view was that ex display that EPC would grow 15% this year. But just
given the strong demand for analog, RF, power transistors, advanced substrates, PCB capacity, do you
guys have a new view of EPC growth for this year?

Richard P. Wallace
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes, we do. I think you hit it. And again, if you take out the display piece, which has its own dynamics, as
you know, I'd say that we were being powered by -- and we talked about this in the past, Harlan, by 5G,
largely, if you think about it, most of 2020 and early. Now the thing that we had counted on early in terms
of the deal thesis was automotive. And as you know and everybody knows, they hit the brakes part last
year when the view of the overall economy was tough. Largely, I'd say that and some other factors, which
have contributed to this chip shortage. And so now they're back on. And you're right, that's definitely
driving EPC, as [ PGS ] is being driven by that dynamic as well.

So now it's really firing on all cylinders. And so we're seeing really, really strong growth across EPC in
terms of supporting both the continuing momentum in 5G, but also now automotive. And I mentioned
in my comments that we're going to talk more about some of the new offerings we're having to support
our automotive customers, which we hope will not just help in terms of solving some of their problems,
but alleviate some of these shortages as we help them with yield, which is really the near-term the best
leverage they have in terms of providing more output is higher yield.

Bren D. Higgins
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Harlan, one of the things I'm encouraged by -- with everything that Rick said is, including display
now, I would say that our expectations about -- for EPC are in the mid-teens. So that reflects some of the
growth drivers and growth that we're seeing in the businesses that Rick mentioned. We'll see how it plays
out half to half. I think it will be reasonably balanced. We are doing an ERP integration on one of those
businesses. And so that could drive some revenue across quarters a little bit as you prepare for that. But
pretty consistent level of business, and as I said, overall, for the entire group, growth expectations that
are kind of mid-teen for the year.

So we feel pretty good about where we're at with those businesses. And particularly on that growth, I
think with all the synergy work we've been doing across the company in those -- in that group, really
pleased with the operating leverage as well.

Operator

And we'll take our next question from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.

Joseph Lawrence Moore
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

KLA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

You mentioned China and that the activity is mostly foundry. Can you give us an update on how big you
see the China sovereign business? How much growth you see coming this year? And how fragmented is it?
How many different customers are you seeing that are kind of spread out across that WFE?

Bren D. Higgins
Executive VP & CFO

It will probably grow mostly in line with the overall market, I would think, and very fragmented, lots of
customers. And also included in that, Joe -- Joe, also included in that is also some of the wafer activity
that's happening where you -- in mask where there's some investment in infrastructure to support the
broader ecosystem.

Joseph Lawrence Moore
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Yes, that makes sense. Okay. And then as it pertains to regulation, whether it's the CHIPS Act or the
Export Controls Reform that's kind of going through, I guess, do you feel like the equipment industry, and
KLA specifically, has kind of a voice in the government in terms of the direction of these things? Or is it
kind of more dictated by the semiconductor customers? Just how big is the lobbying kind of government
affairs efforts from the equipment companies these days?

Richard P. Wallace
President, CEO & Executive Director

It's -- Joe, I think what's really happened is there has been an openness in general to understand the
dynamics. I think that a fear that many of us had was that there might have been unilateral action, if you
go back a year or so. And it doesn't feel like there's going to be that now. It's going to be multilateral. It's
going to be thoughtful.

And we're all in favor of free trade, and nobody wants IP or other factors to be compromised. So I do feel
like there's a constructive dialogue around that. And it's not just the semiconductor guys, it's also the
equipment companies. And we feel really good about where that conversation is.

Operator

And we'll move now to Joe Quatrochi with Wells Fargo.

Joseph Michael Quatrochi
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

On EUV, I was just curious, you talked a lot about process control intensity clearly benefiting from EUV.
But I guess at 3-nanometer, we're starting to see a big step-up in the number of EUV layers. Is that
something we should think about as maybe an incremental driver for you guys?

Richard P. Wallace
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes, Joe, for sure. I mean we're having, as you know, the development work. There's a lot of Process
Control work that goes on early on when we're doing R&D and development with our customers. And
there's definitely an increased sensitivity to the number of layers that they have to qualify. And that
drives multiple markets. But obviously, ensuring the quality of the reticles and when they're printed that
the high-quality is there, now it's across more layers. So that drives adoption of GEN5. Also just more
sensitivity to smaller defects.

So in general, that shifts the dynamic, if you thought about a blend between GEN4 and GEN5, which GEN4
is still very active as a product line. This will shift it more in those advanced nodes to a higher percentage
of those tools being GEN5 tools and the next-generation or iterations on GEN5 as we move forward.

I think we mentioned in the past, GEN5 is very early in its product life cycle. And there are a number of
additional capabilities that will be added to it to support advance. So those are just 2 areas. There'll be
others in terms of the metrology challenges. But in general, the process control challenges as we move

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

KLA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

forward, especially on advanced design rules, will increase. And we're seeing that play out right now in
development.

Bren D. Higgins
Executive VP & CFO

So Joe, one other factor to keep in mind that now you have these technical drivers in these node
transitions that force customers to have to think about incremental capability and those requirements. And
so the ability to reuse a lot of the capacity they might have purchased in a prior node is harder, because
you've got stronger end market adoption that's clearly happening today, particularly with the 5-nanometer
node, but then also the technical drivers of -- even if they could use the tool doesn't meet the technical
requirements. So that's another factor that drives intensity that's pretty important to our overall business.

Joseph Michael Quatrochi
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

That's helpful. And then maybe one for Bren. On the capacity increasing for your manufacturing footprint,
I mean, how do we think about your planning in terms of supporting overall WFE? Because I think in the
prepared remarks, you talked about sustained growth looking even into next year.

Bren D. Higgins
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Look, I don't think we're capacity-constrained. Within the windows that we talk about, just in general,
that we think that we -- there is no upper limit, right? We'll continue to work it. We continue to invest.
Certainly, there's some time to some of the lead time on our parts. But whether it's facilities -- we like
to think about people, parts and space at KLA. Typically, our long goal is around parts around some of
the components we talked about. So we're going to continue to add capacity and send strong signals into
supply chain to drive the investments that are required.

And we'll -- based on customer readiness and customer expectations, we'll do what we need to, to
continue to support those activities as we go forward even beyond 2021. So I'm not worried about our
ability. I'm worried that we're challenged, and it's not easy, and there's a lot of work going on here. But at
the same time, we know how to do this, and we'll continue to make the investments that are required to
get the capacity to support the environment we're in.

Operator

And we will move next to Patrick Ho with Stifel.

J. Ho
Stifel Europe, Research Division

Rick, not to make you sound old, but you've been in this industry for a while. Given that you've seen
previous cycles in how they've acted in terms of these kind of burst volumes where you've had to
accelerate capacity, Bren just mentioned that he's not particularly worried about meeting customer
demand. But as we get into the secular change in terms of the industry where we may have sustained
and elevated spending, how do you look at, I guess, meeting the challenges of supply as well as meeting
customer demand, particularly for both for new tools, for their needs, how do you manage potentially an
extended period of spending at very elevated levels?

Richard P. Wallace
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. Patrick, thanks for not making me feel old. I think every cycle, as I'm sure you've heard, is different.
One of the things that we learned early on, though, is to look at the -- follow the money and figure out
how profitable your customers are and what is sustainable. And I go back to periods where I remember
companies that were spending 2x their CapEx was twice the size of their revenue. And you just knew that
couldn't last, right?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

KLA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

So when we look at the supply chain -- now one of the leading indicators we always look at is profitability
of our customers. And it's universally good. I mean there are some examples where customers are
investing, and we see this in China, where they don't have a revenue base to support the investment, but
those are viewed as strategic investments. But the percent of that, that's in the industry right now is really
low. And so it's the growth of the semiconductor industry broadly with all the different drivers, the number
of players that have maintained their profitability through these cycles and the fact that, that gives us
confidence in the sustainability.

I don't think we're going to see growth rate that's 25%, 30%. We're talking about what it might be this
year. That's not going to be the long-term growth rate. I think there's a step-up to get to support these
new drivers. And I would imagine it resumes its growth at a more reasonable upper single-digit kind
of level for the equipment industry as we kind of model. But the step-up is consistent with the multiple
drivers.

As Bren mentioned, we have a lot of leverage in terms of being able to utilize our facilities. But even that,
given that we're investing right now to make sure we've got additional people, parts and space, as Bren
said, so that we could support the ramps that we're seeing. I do think this is a step-up. I think we've seen
it in the past. And I think the business is sustainable.

I don't think 30% growth will happen for several years in a row. But if it did, we'd be there to support
it. So we feel really good about where we are. And more importantly, the investments we're making
in our capability are enabling our customers to achieve their objectives, and that's really the key to
our continued success is make sure we're staying relevant with our customers. Does that answer your
question, Patrick?

J. Ho
Stifel Europe, Research Division

No, that's very helpful. And to make you feel younger, Rick, I'll ask you the follow-up as well. As we look
forward, and I know process control does get a, I guess, a good look at a lot of next-generation process
technologies and manufacturing. You mentioned about EUV increasing layers and the adoption of GEN5.

As you look forward to foundry/logic, you have the EUV increasing layers, but you also have in a few
nodes the transition to gate all around to nanowires, nanoribbons. Qualitatively, from a process control
standpoint, I know it's very early, which do you see out of the EUV increasing layers and the transition to
the new transition structures, which do you see as a larger incremental opportunity for KLA?

Richard P. Wallace
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. I think it's a great question. Just so you know, we do have a group inside of KLA that models out
the advanced technology designs. We have some really talented people that we think about that years
in advance to think about what are the solutions that will be necessary. Data all around is an interesting
1 because there, it's actually an adaptation of GEN4 that's going to be most relevant to solving some of
those problems based on the contrast of those devices.

So we think that will be incremental. As I mentioned in the earlier question, you think about more EUV
layers, that just drives the overall expectation of higher sensitivity across the portfolio, the increase for
more inspection overall and a higher level of sensitivity. I tip it toward the advanced nodes driving more
intensity than the new structures, but the new structures can't be discounted because if you can't make
them successful, then you're not going to be able to ramp those nodes. So -- but I'd say, probably 60-40,
maybe even 65-35 that it will be the advanced design rules that drive it more.

And it's not just going to be in foundry/logic because we're also seeing -- even though it seems like
they're almost out of gas, DRAM keeps pushing as well to drive the next capability improvement so that
they can have competitive advantage. And I don't think that abates anytime soon.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

KLA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

We will move next to Timothy Arcuri from UBS.

Timothy Michael Arcuri
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I guess I had -- the first question was on the whole EVM versus optical thing. Applied launched the
Enlighten (sic) [ Enlight ] tool in March and the idea that you combine optical and e-beam and you use
inferencing to sort of determine what defects matter. You guys talked about that a lot back in the back half
of 2019 with eSL10. So I guess conceptually, it's not new. But they have a pretty strong e-beam review
presence. So I guess, in theory, that could provide kind of a better input for the AI algorithm. But can you
sort of talk about just this general idea and maybe sort of whether it can change the impact the e-beam
could have on the market in your position?

Richard P. Wallace
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes, Tim. Thank you for remembering what we said in 2019. I could go back even further when we
introduced the [ sum spec ] back years and years ago. And the idea -- it was a pointer for optical back
then, and that was in the '90s. So this idea of e-beam directing optical is an old idea. The idea that -- the
problem that it has in general, and this is an interesting question, is do you have systemic defects? Can
you -- do you really -- can you actually point that.

AI has helped solve some of those problems, but there's still this basic question about coverage. And can
you cover enough of the wafers to see enough of the errors. If you look at a modern wafer in a leading
fab, they don't have many defects. I mean there are very few. So you need to cover a lot of area, and
that's what optical is really good at.

The e-beam ends up being the most valuable in debugging of a new process at the very front end,
which is why it's mostly been in R&D. And that's what we're continuing to see. AI has been added to
the products. We've been doing that for a number of years. Whatever your definition is, increasing the
intelligence, the algorithm that's been KLA's sweet spot for years, and we continue to do that.

So I think -- I don't think that the announcement of 2.5-year-old technology earlier this year was really
anything revolutionary other than the announcement. It's not new. And I don't think that the relevancy of
what we're doing changes as a result. I do think that increasing the capability of the ML and the AI across
all the products in this industry will continue to make them more relevant as we go forward for KLA and
others as well.

So I think that's an area we're all taking advantage of. And that will help increase the capability and the
learning that the industry has, in general, to be able to move forward. But I don't think this is -- this was
not a dislocation. It was not anything new for customers. It might have been new for other communities,
but the disclosures and the conversations are not new to customers.

Timothy Michael Arcuri
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

And then, I guess, just last thing from me. So service, obviously, it's a lower portion of your total rather
than your peers. I know that you're never going to be like the films guys, given the nature of their
technology, some of their tools eat themselves. So obviously, it's sort of like apples and oranges there. But
some of them also are sort of guaranteeing performance and metrics like that, and they're sort of selling
that. And I'm wondering what sort of new things you're bringing to bear in service to maybe help your
service business start to grow a little faster?

Richard P. Wallace
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes, Tim, I mean, we -- I think one of the things in service for us is that we have the ability to really
customize our offerings for customers, both in terms of response times, in terms of the stocking levels,
in terms of uptime commitments and things like that. And then given that and given the nature of the
contract that we structure -- and it's pretty important for -- when customers buy process control, they buy
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

KLA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

what they need, and then they have contracts to ensure that the tools are running full out all the time.
And they are willing to invest in a contract structure to ensure that we can keep them up and make sure
that they match and all those sorts of things.

So it's a little bit different business. Customers, because they don't have as many, they have tens instead
of hundreds as they would in a process tool. They don't necessarily have the ability to build the capability
internally to be able to do self-service. And so that's a unique aspect of our service business. There's also
the complexity of what we offer relative to process tools, which is far different.

So for all those reasons, it does drive a different service experience with customers. And as I said, we
customize to meet their operating expense requirements and what they're looking to get out of their fab.
And it does drive this 75%-plus contract revenue stream. I think there's always what happens with the
new tools in terms of our ability to sell and support service on new tools.

I think where we've seen a lot more engagement with customers is the -- in the trailing edge, where
you're seeing higher reliability and quality requirements, particularly, let's say, for example, in areas like
automotive, where customers weren't as focused on the process control outcomes as much as they are
today with the growth that we're seeing and the increase in reliability that's required.

And given the margin structure in that industry, for example, it's pretty important that you don't under-
kill, right, because of the cost of recall and so on. But then there's also overkill too. So there's a lot more
process control engagement that's happening through our service business for those customers to support
the installed base at a greater level.

So you don't see tools falling off. You see them staying in service. And that's what is probably the unique
growth driver that we're seeing today as products are living longer and some of these other markets are
inflecting.

Operator

And we have time for one more question. We'll take our final question today from Vivek Arya with Bank of
America.

Vivek Arya
BofA Securities, Research Division

You will be at your 2023 target model this year, basically 2 years ahead. But that seems to have been
driven a lot more by market growth rather than, I think, in your target model, you had penciled in 1 to 2
points of share gains. And I know, Rick, you highlighted a third-party survey that had your share kind of
slipping a little bit last year. I'm just curious, when do you think we should start expecting share gains for
you over the next few years.

And will that be driven by the launch of new products? Or will that be driven by share in a like-to-like
category? Will that be driven by spending being more foundry/logic-based? Just how do we think about
what you had thought about share gains at the Analyst Day versus what you have seen so far and how we
should think about this share shift over the next 1 to 2 years.

Richard P. Wallace
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes, Vivek, I'll take the first part and let Bren talk about the model. We actually are ahead of our share
projections that we laid out in the Analyst Day. 2019, we gained 3 points -- 3% share, and that's 0.7%
down is what the survey says. But we had modeled 2.5% over the 4 years, and we've gained 2.3% over 2
years. And we believe that this year will be another strong year.

So I mean these things move. Annually, it's kind of hard, because there are puts and takes. But
competitively, we're actually ahead of plan. And largely, that's driven by the success mainly of GEN5 and
what we're seeing in the optical inspection portfolio. That's been the bigger gains. We have new products
coming out that will add to that. But our expectation of share growth is actually higher than it was at the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

KLA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

time when we did the analyst meeting based on the success that we've had to date. And then Bren can
talk more about the model.

Bren D. Higgins
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. From a top line point of view, you're right, it's been -- what's driven it mostly has been, yes, we had
some incremental share improvement relative to the plan we were on, but just stronger industry growth.
We talked a lot -- and part of our theme was, if you will, back for our Investor Day, was to talk a lot about
opportunities related to EUV and increasing memory opportunities to drive incremental adoption of process
control and KLA solutions.

We talked about reticle inspection requirements for EUV that would affect the reticle inspection tools, but
also the wafer inspection tools. We also talked about new markets like e-beam that we were reentering,
and then finally, opportunities in memory metrology. So those, in some ways, were going to create
incremental revenue almost irrespective of the WFE level.

If we look at where we are today, most of it's been industry growth in the, I'll call, the normal products
or the regular products, and share opportunity has driven our performance relative to the overall
plan. The contributions from those products are still to come. We talked a lot about '20 and '21 being
opportunities to engage with customers to seed the markets and that we would start to see more steady
state contributions in 2023 from those products.

So we're still in that same phase regarding those. And in some cases, COVID has made it a little bit harder
to engage with customers out in the field to support new products in these -- and to drive new markets.
But I think that's still to come. So we've got a higher industry environment that's driven us to where we
are today, but those contributions are still to come over the next couple of years. And so we're excited
about that.

And then on the leverage part, anytime you have revenue that's grown what we saw in calendar '20,
where we were up 15% as a company and the growth expectations we now have for 2021, given the
industry commentary earlier, any time you drive revenue like that, you're going to drive more leverage
through the model.

So yes, we're outperforming our public model by about 4 points in operating margin today. Do I think that,
that's sustainable at 4 points? Probably not. But do I think there's a couple of points for sure sustainability
there? I do, just given the strength of the products and the expected mix going forward.

So yes, we're -- I think, in a pretty good place relative to the overall model. We have to execute, of
course, over the next year or so. And we'll have more to say about the future in the coming months and
quarters.

Vivek Arya
BofA Securities, Research Division

If I can squeeze in a quick one, automotive. From your perspective, when do you think the automotive
industry is able to address all these supply shortages that it's seeing from the semiconductor industry?

Richard P. Wallace
President, CEO & Executive Director

I think we're not the right people to answer that question. We're going to do everything we can to help
them, but it's hard to understand exactly how they got so out of line with the demand. But I know that
there have been contributing factors. And you've heard of some of them, projects that weren't started,
fires that happened and the reluctance to invest earlier than in retrospect was needed plus the strong
demand. So we're going to do everything we can to help them, but they're the best people to ask for that.

Operator

I was just going to conclude M&A and turn the call back to you, Kevin.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

KLA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Kevin M. Kessel
Vice President of Investor Relations

Yes, sorry about that. Again, we appreciate everybody's time. We know it's been a very busy week for
earnings, a very busy day for earnings. We'll be busy this summer here with a lot of investor events. We
look forward to seeing you again then. Take care.

Operator
This concludes the KLA Corporation March Quarter 2021 Earnings Call and Webcast. Please disconnect
your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

KLA CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 29, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

