Lamb Weston Holdings, Inc. NYSE:LW
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, April 07, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.51

0.45

(11.76 %)

0.58

2.35

3.10

Revenue  (mm)

816.45

895.80

9.72

921.31

3514.38

3848.78

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-05-2021 11:01 AM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

CONSENSUS

0.16

0.30

0.62

0.51

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

ACTUAL

(0.01)

0.61

0.66

0.45

SURPRISE

NM

103.33 %

6.45 %

(11.76 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
LAMB WESTON HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 07, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Dexter P. Congbalay
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Robert M. McNutt
Senior VP & CFO

Thomas P. Werner
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

Carla Casella
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Jenna Loren Giannelli
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Thomas Hinsdale Palmer
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LAMB WESTON HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 07, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Lamb Weston Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Today's call is being
recorded.

At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Dexter Congbalay, VP, Investor Relations of Lamb Weston.
Please go ahead.

Dexter P. Congbalay
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Lamb Weston's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. This
morning, we issued our earnings press release, which is available on our website, lambweston.com.

Please note that during our remarks, we'll make some forward-looking statements about the company's
expected performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may
differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors
contained in our SEC filings for more details on our forward-looking statements.

Some of today's remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures
should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with our GAAP results. You can
find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations in our earnings release.

With me today are Tom Werner, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rob McNutt, our Chief
Financial Officer. Tom will provide an overview of the current operating environment and our recently
announced investment in China, while Rob will provide some details on our third quarter results as well as
some shipment trends for the fourth quarter.

With that, let me now turn the call over to Tom.

Thomas P. Werner
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Dexter. Good morning, and thank you for joining our call today. We delivered solid sales
volumes in the third quarter as restaurant traffic and consumer demand improved as governments
gradually ease social and on-premise dining restriction in some markets. While still down year-over-
year, the rate of volume decline improved sequentially in both the U.S. and in our key international
markets from what we realized during the first half of our fiscal year. Again, this was largely in response to
governments easing restrictions as the quarter progressed and demonstrates that consumers are ready to
go out as restaurants expand dining capacity.

Specifically, overall restaurant traffic in the U.S. was between 85% and 90% of pre-pandemic levels.
Traffic at large quick service chain restaurants continued at roughly prior year levels as they leverage
drive-thru, takeout and delivery formats. After a slow start to the quarter, traffic at full-service restaurants
recovered to 70% to 80% of prior year levels.

Traffic began to pick up later in the quarter as some governments gradually lifted social and dining
restrictions that were put in place due to the resurgence of COVID and as a relatively mild winter weather
provided more outdoor dining opportunities. While we expect this momentum will continue, we're mindful
that some of this performance may be due to customers and distributors restocking inventories prior to an
expected boom in restaurant traffic in coming months.

In contrast, demand at noncommercial customers, which includes lodging and hospitality, health care,
schools and university, sports and entertainment and workplace environments, remained around 50% of
prior year levels for the entire quarter. We're confident that demand from these customers will return, but

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LAMB WESTON HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 07, 2021

realize that recovery to pre-pandemic levels may take some time as government slowly lift restrictions for
larger gatherings.

In retail, demand in the quarter was strong with weekly category volume at 115% to 125% of prior year
levels as consumers continue to eat more meals at home.

Outside the U.S., restaurant traffic and fry demand has been mixed. In Europe, which is served by
our Lamb-Weston/Meijer joint venture, fry demand in the quarter was 80% to 85% of prior year
levels. However, we believe that demand rate is likely to soften as governments reimpose severe social
restrictions in response to the resurgence of COVID infections.

Demand in most of our international markets in Asia, Oceania and Latin America improved in the quarter.
Our shipments in China were strong. Demand in our other key markets in the aggregate remained below
prior year levels but continued to improve sequentially versus the first half of the year as well as in each
month of the quarter.

So while demand in Europe remains soft, we feel good about the demand trends in the U.S. and most
of our key international markets. And we expect governments will continue to gradually roll back social
restrictions in the months ahead as more of their citizens get access to vaccines. This should serve
to unlock pent-up consumer demand to visit restaurants and other foodservice outlets and ultimately
demand for fries.

As a result, we remain optimistic that overall frozen potato demand will steadily approach pre-pandemic
levels on a run rate basis by the end of calendar 2021.

The progress we made on sales volume in the quarter was offset by the pandemic's continued effect on
our supply chain operations. As Rob will discuss later, COVID-related disruptions significantly affected
our production, transportation and warehousing networks, leading to significantly higher costs as we
focused on customer service while dealing with the pandemic's impact in some of our communities and
workforce. In addition, decisions that we made in the first half of the year to defer certain capital repair
and maintenance projects further reduce our flexibility to manage disruptions and drove incremental
manufacturing and distribution costs.

So in summary, in the third quarter, we delivered solid top line results. Operating in the pandemic
environment has been and will continue to be challenged, and we expect it will continue to incur higher
costs across our supply chain in the near term.

Before I turn the call over to Rob, let me review a couple of items. First, we'll provide our normal update
for this year's potato crop when we report earnings in July and October. Second, as you may have seen a
couple of weeks ago, we announced that we're building a new french fry processing facility in China at a
total investment of around $250 million. This greenfield facility will complement our plant in Shangdu and
is expected to add about 250 million pounds of frozen potato product capacity. We anticipate starting up
the plant sometime during the back half of calendar 2023.

We chose to build this plant in China because it's a fast-growing 1 billion-pound-plus market and a key
driver to our international growth. This new plant enables us to support customers in China using in-
country supply which is something that our larger customers there increasingly want as they continue to
expand. In addition, our new facility will allow us to further diversify our manufacturing base and mitigate
risks of potential trade disruptions as we look to drive international growth.

So in summary, in the third quarter, we delivered solid top line results as demand continued to gradually
recover, but incremental costs related to pandemic-related disruptions pressured earnings. We expect that
the increasing availability of COVID vaccines and the easing of government-imposed social restrictions will
allow restaurant traffic to gradually improve as the year progresses. And we remain optimistic that overall
frozen potato demand will approach pre-pandemic levels on a run rate basis by the end of calendar 2021.

Now let me turn the call over to Rob.

Robert M. McNutt

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LAMB WESTON HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 07, 2021

Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone. As Tom noted, in the third quarter, we delivered solid sales results
as overall demand continued to improve with the pandemic's disruptive impact on our manufacturing and
distribution operations significantly increased our costs.

Specifically in the quarter, net sales declined 4% to $896 million. Sales volume was down 6%, largely due
to the pandemic's impact on fry demand, but improved through the quarter after a slow start. Importantly,
that rate of volume decline improved sequentially from the 14% decline that we realized during the first
half of fiscal 2021. Most of the sequential improvement was within our Global segment and largely reflects
a steady recovery in shipments in our key international markets. Stronger sales of limited-time offering
products in the U.S. also contributed to the Global segment's recovery.

In addition, we saw a sequential improvement in our Foodservice segment, led by casual dining as well as
continued strength by our branded offerings in our Retail segment.

Price/mix increased 2%. Improved price in our Retail and Foodservice segments as well as favorable mix
in Retail drove the increase. Price was up in our Global segment, although this was offset by negative mix.
Gross profit declined $54 million as lower sales and higher manufacturing and distribution costs more than
offset the benefit of favorable price/mix and productivity savings.

Let's focus on cost of goods sold. As Tom noted, the higher costs were largely a result of the pandemic's
disruptive impact across our supply chain. The resurgence of COVID in many of the communities where
our plants are located greatly affected our manufacturing workforce. At times, the combination of infected
and quarantined employees significantly affected our ability to staff production lines and other key roles at
a number of our facilities.

The consequences were: first, we lost days of production, which resulted in a number of our plants
operating well below normal utilization rates and reduced our ability to cover fixed overhead costs. In
addition, recall that a year ago, we decided to continue paying employees despite production lines being
down due to COVID. While we believe that was the right thing to do to support our production teams, it
has had an impact on our cost structure.

Second, focusing on maintaining customer service levels required us to quickly adjust production
schedules to accommodate workforce and manufacturing line availability. This drove incremental costs
and inefficiencies. In many cases, we shifted production from one facility to another even though the
alternate facility may not be the most effective in terms of cost or throughput for that specific product.
That negatively impacted line speeds throughput and raw potato recovery rates.

And third, the number of effective (sic) [ affected ] employees and facilities meant that we incurred even
more costs related to temporary shutdown and restart of manufacturing facilities. Compounding these
disruptions in the quarters were our decisions to defer certain capital repair and maintenance projects
on our production lines that were originally scheduled for the first half of fiscal 2021. We planned on
undertaking these capital and maintenance projects once the demand environment and our operations
were more stable during the second half of the year. While deferring these projects was prudent in light
of the uncertainty surrounding COVID, executing them that same time as another COVID wave impacted
our plants led to additional disruption in our manufacturing capabilities and further limited our flexibility to
adjust production schedules across our network. This drove additional costs and inefficiencies on top of the
staffing-related issues I described.

The pandemic-induced volatility on our production facilities also had a downstream impact on our
transportation and warehousing operations. We generally prefer to rely on rail more than trucking to move
product from our production facilities and warehouses to our distribution centers and customers across the
country. However, late changes to production schedules required us to switch significant volume from rail
to trucking, which is more flexible but also higher cost, in an effort to maintain customer service levels.

In addition, we typically employ trucks using contracted carrier rates as opposed to securing spot trucking,
which tends to be higher cost. Spot trucking has also had significant rate increases over the past 6
months, but because of the disruption to our production schedules, and again, to prioritize customer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LAMB WESTON HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 07, 2021

service, we lean more on expensive spot trucking. So our transportation costs significantly increased
because of an unfavorable mix of rail and trucking as well as an unfavorable mix of contracted and spot
trucking. As you would expect, our warehousing costs also increased with the additional handling required
across our distribution network.

Finally, while the pandemic-related effects on our supply chain were the primary drivers of our cost
increases, we also realized higher costs due to input cost inflation in the low single digits. We expect that
rate will begin to tick up in the coming quarters as edible oil and transportation costs continue to increase.
While our costs were higher in the quarter, we are starting to see the benefits of our supply chain team's
work around a series of initiatives we call [ Win As One ]. These initiatives build upon the Lamb Weston
operating culture productivity programs that we have in place. Broadly speaking, Win As One seeks ways
to reduce our variable and fixed cost, increase production throughput on existing assets and improve
working capital, especially inventories. In the couple of the plants where the team has implemented these
new ways of working, asset utilization is at or above pre-pandemic utilization rates, and we're seeing the
benefit in the cost structures in those facilities.

As the team continues to roll out these programs to the rest of the network and as infection and
quarantine rates decline through vaccination programs we're supporting for our production employees,
we expect our cost structure and utilization rates will begin to normalize. Longer term, we expect these
initiatives to enhance margins, drive cash flow and strengthen our culture of continuous improvement.
Since we only began to roll out Win As One at a couple of our plants a few months ago, we're not
providing any specifics on activities or targets today. We anticipate giving investors more insight into this
program as we gain more traction.

Moving to the segments -- moving onto cost of sales, excuse me. Our SG&A increased $8 million in the
quarter. The increase was largely due to investments we're making behind the Win As One initiatives I just
described. Equity method earnings were $11 million. Excluding the impact of unrealized mark-to-market
adjustments and a comparability item in the prior year quarter, equity earnings declined about $11 million.
Two factors drove the decline: first, dry demand in Europe fell as much of the region remained in lockdown
and as colder weather affected outdoor dining; second, our joint ventures also realized higher production
costs related to COVID, disrupting their manufacturing and distribution operations.

Adjusted EBITDA, including joint ventures, was $167 million, which is down $61 million. Lower income
from operations drove the decline. Adjusted diluted EPS in the quarter was $0.45, which is down $0.32,
mostly due to lower income from operations. EPS was also down due to higher interest expense, reflecting
our higher average total debt resulting from actions we took to in late fiscal 2020 and early fiscal 2021 to
enhance our liquidity position.

Now moving to our segments. Sales for our Global segment, which generally includes sales for the top 100
North American-based QSR and full-service restaurant chains as well as all sales outside of North America,
were down 2% in the quarter. Volume was down only 2%, which is much better than the minus 12% we
realized during the first half of fiscal 2021. Shipments to large chain restaurant customers in the U.S., of
which approximately 85% are to QSRs, increased nominally versus prior year. QSRs continued to perform
well,as they continue to leverage drive-thru and delivery formats. As I mentioned earlier, U.S. QSRs were
also aided by the return of some noteworthy limited-time product offerings.

International shipments, which historically comprise about 40% of the segment's volume were about
95% of prior year levels in the aggregate, that's up from around 75% of prior year levels that we realized
during the first half of fiscal 2021. In the third quarter, shipments in China were strong versus the prior
year when demand was negatively impacted by COVID. Shipments to our other key markets strengthened
as the quarter progressed and were generally stronger in developed markets than emerging ones.

Price/mix was flat with positive price offset by unfavorable mix. Global's product contribution margin,
which is gross profit less A&P expense, declined 27% to $79 million. Higher manufacturing and distribution
costs as well as unfavorable mix drove the decline.

Sales for our Foodservice segment, which services North American foodservice distributors and restaurant
chains generally outside the top 100 North American restaurant customers, declined 22%. Volume

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LAMB WESTON HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 07, 2021

declined 24%. After a slow start, shipments to smaller chain and independent full-service and quick
service restaurants recovered to about 90% of prior year levels for the entire quarter as governments
gradually ease social and indoor dining restrictions. We believe that some of the sales volumes
strengthening during the last few weeks of the quarter may reflect distributors restocking inventory in
anticipation of more governments lifting social restrictions in the spring. However, it's difficult to gauge
the extent of that benefit. In contrast, shipments to noncommercial customers remained at around 50%
of prior year levels, with continued strength in health care more than offset by weakness in the other
channels such as travel, hospitality and education.

Price/mix increased 2% behind the carryover pricing benefit of pricing actions we took in the second half
of fiscal 2020. This was partially offset by unfavorable mix versus the prior year due to lower sales of
premium products. As we've discussed in previous earnings calls, we've regained much of this business
since pandemic first struck last spring, but on a year-over-year basis, it remained a mix headwind for the
quarter.

Foodservice's product contribution margin declined 30% to $70 million. Lower sales volumes, higher
manufacturing and distribution costs and unfavorable mix drove the decline, and was partially offset by
favorable price.

Sales for our Retail segment increased 23%, with volume up 13%. Sales of our branded portfolio, which
include Alexia, Grown In Idaho and licensed restaurant trademarks, were up about 45%, continuing the
strong growth trend we've seen since the start of the pandemic and well above category volume growth
rates that have been between 15% and 25% in the quarter. The increase in our branded volume was
partially offset by the loss of certain low-margin private label volume, which will continue to be a headwind
on volume through the remainder of the fiscal year. Price/mix increased 10%, primarily reflecting the
favorable mix benefit of selling more of our higher-margin branded products.

Retail's product contribution margin increased 15% to $33 million. The increase was driven by favorable
mix and was partially offset by higher manufacturing and distribution costs as well as a $1 million increase
in advertising and promotional expense.

Moving to our cash flow and liquidity position. We continue to be comfortable with our liquidity position
and confident in our ability to continue to generate cash. At the end of the third quarter, we had nearly
$715 million of cash on hand, and our revolver was undrawn. Our total debt was more than $2.7 billion,
and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was about 3.5x.

In the first 3 quarters of fiscal 2021, we generated nearly $375 million of cash from operations, which
is down about $60 million versus last year due to lower sales and earnings. We spent $107 million in
CapEx and paid $101 million in dividends. In addition, in the third quarter, we resumed our share buyback
program and bought back nearly $13 million worth of stock at an average price of just over $77 per share.

Now turning to our current shipment trends. Please note that instead of providing a comparison to last
fiscal year's fourth quarter, we're providing comparisons to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. We're doing
this since fourth quarter fiscal 2020, which includes March, April and May of 2020, includes the severe
impact of government-imposed social restrictions at the beginning of the COVID pandemic. It was also
the height of personal and economic uncertainty for many businesses and individuals. As such, we believe
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 provides a more meaningful comparison for investors to understand the
current condition of our business.

Broadly speaking, we're optimistic about the recent restaurant traffic and shipment trends in the U.S. and
many of our key international markets, other than Europe. U.S. shipments in the 4 weeks ending March 28
were approximately 90% of levels during a similar period for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019.

In our Global segment, shipments to our large QSR and full-service chain restaurant customers in the
U.S. were more than the 85% of fiscal 2019 levels, and we expect that rate will largely continue for the
remainder of the fourth quarter.

In our Foodservice segment, shipments to our full-service restaurants, regional and small QSRs and
noncommercial customers in aggregate were approximately 90% of fiscal 2019 levels. We anticipate

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LAMB WESTON HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 07, 2021

that shipments for these customers will largely continue at a similar rate for the remainder of the fourth
quarter. Shipments to noncommercial customers, which have historically comprised about 25% of the
segment's volume, remained at around half of fiscal 2019 levels. We expect these shipment rates will
likely remain soft for the rest of the quarter and will likely take time to fully recover from -- to pre-
pandemic levels.

In our Retail segment, shipments were approximately 110% of fiscal 2019 levels, with strong volume
growth of our branded products, partially offset by a decline in shipments of private label products. We
believe this rate may gradually decline during the remainder of the fourth quarter as consumers begin to
shift purchases of fries to dining at restaurants as governments lift social restrictions.

Outside the U.S., overall demand varies by market. In Europe, shipments by our Lamb-Weston/Meijer
joint venture were about 85% of fiscal 2019 levels. Demand has softened over the past few months as
governments in some of our larger markets such as Italy and France reimposed stricter social restrictions
to combat resurgence in COVID infections. In addition, other than in the U.K., vaccination efforts across
Europe have lagged well behind rates in the U.S. As a result, we anticipate shipments may slow during the
remainder of the fourth quarter.

Shipments to our other international markets, which primarily include Asia, Oceania and Latin America,
were approximately 75% of fiscal 2019 levels in aggregate. As I discussed earlier, international shipment
rates have steadily improved over the past few months, and we expect that will continue during the
remainder of the fourth quarter as governments slowly ease social restrictions and as the current
congestion at shipping ports begins to clear up. For those markets that are currently already operating
under more lenient social restrictions, we anticipate that current shipment rates for those countries will
largely remain at current levels.

In short, although Europe is challenging, we believe overall shipment and restaurant trends in the U.S.
and most of our international markets will remain favorable as governments continue to roll back social
restrictions and vaccine becomes more widely available. These trends will keep us on a path of steady
progress in restaurant traffic, which we believe will lead to overall frozen potato demand approaching pre-
pandemic levels on a run rate basis by the end of calendar 2021.

With respect to costs, in the fourth quarter, we expect to incur a similar level of incremental pandemic-
related manufacturing and distribution costs as we did in the third quarter. We experienced significant
disruption in our production facility's transportation warehousing networks in January and February, and
this continued into March. We will realize some of the costs related to these disruptions in the fourth
quarter as we ship finished goods inventory produced during these months.

Now here's Tom for closing comments.

Thomas P. Werner
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Rob. Let me just quickly sum up by saying we continue to prioritize ensuring the health and
safety of our employees during these challenging times by adhering to strict COVID protocols in all of
our manufacturing locations and encouraging all our workers and their families to get vaccinated as soon
as possible. We're confident that the near-term pandemic-related pressures on our manufacturing and
distribution networks are temporary, and that our cost structure will normalize once we get past COVID. In
addition, we believe that the investments we're making in our supply chain will improve our cost structure
over the long term. We feel good about the trends in restaurant traffic and frozen potato demand in the
U.S. and most of our key international markets and remain optimistic that overall frozen potato demand
will approach pre-pandemic levels on a run rate basis by the end of calendar 2021.

And finally, as shown with our investments for a new facility in China and to expand shops and form
capacity in Idaho, we're focusing on the right strategic and operating priorities to serve our customers and
build upon the long-term health of the category in order to create value for all our stakeholders.
Thank you for joining us today, and now we're ready to take your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LAMB WESTON HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 07, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I know this could be a little difficult, but I was hoping maybe you could help us maybe quantify a little bit,
if you could, some of these incremental COVID costs that I know you believe are largely transitory. And if
demand ultimately returns on a run rate basis by the end of calendar year to pre-pandemic levels, I guess,
would you expect these higher costs under that kind of a scenario to bleed into the beginning of fiscal
'22? Is that sort of an expectation we should have at this point? Or do we think that if this steady pace of
improvement in restaurant traffic continues, that it's largely a more of a 4Q issue? And I just got a follow-
up.

Robert M. McNutt
Senior VP & CFO

Okay. Andrew, it's Rob. In terms of quantifying it, again, we did stop breaking that out as a specific as
we viewed it as more normal, I think we started that in Q2, I believe. But the way I would think about
it is that you know what pricing has done. You know we've got modest input cost inflation. And so if
you go back historically and look at margins, that would give you a sense of what margin should be in a
normalized -- ex the COVID cost. And I would argue that the bulk of any margin difference there is going
to be related to the COVID cost. And so I think you can back into it that way and come pretty close.

In terms of bleeding into Q1, again, it's going to depend on how quickly we can get people in plants
vaccinated and back to normal production and operating schedules. Again, we see demand recovering, as
we've said, by the end of calendar 2021 to pre-COVID levels. And so as you think about that, that tells
you the operating -- the pull on the demand side ought to be there. And so it's back to as long as we can
get people in plants to operate the plants, we should, over time, get cost back to where they are. But
again, that will take some time to get people vaccinated, get them back into plants and stabilize all of
that. So I anticipate that certainly into Q4, and we'll probably have some bleed over into Q1 as well.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

And then this is just using back of the envelope math and the comments, Rob, that you gave around sort
of the first month trends of fiscal 4Q. Based on that, it would seem to suggest maybe sales down around
10% versus the 4Q of 2019, and that's sequentially a bit better than what we saw for the 2-year trends in
1Q and 2Q, but maybe not quite as much as I would have expected, given reopening and vaccine rollout
and everything else. And so I didn't know if the math was generally right as we've got it, and if I was
maybe expecting the sequential improvement could be a little bit greater in 4Q than it would suggest.

Robert M. McNutt
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. It's a great question, Andrew. And I think if you look at Q4 of '19, particularly, I think, in our Global
business, that we -- it was a pretty strong quarter. So the comp is tough in that one.

The other one, and as I mentioned it that in our Foodservice business, we believe there's a bit of
restocking going on. We'll see how that plays out through Q4 in actuality, but that's one where maybe
we're taking maybe conservative perspective on that, if that makes sense.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

LAMB WESTON HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 07, 2021

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

So just two questions for me. One, maybe just related to Andrew's question about the sales trends. I think
in the press release, you talked about U.S. QSRs for U.S. Global running, I think, at 85% of prior year. And
I think that's down, right? I think it was running at 95% when you reported the second quarter. So a, is
that true? And b, just what -- is there something in the comps? Or just what's happening there that would
have suggested maybe a slowdown? Or is there a slowdown suggested in that?

Robert M. McNutt
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I think that -- again, that goes back to the comp back to '19, if you look at the Global. And so the
comp to '19, again, that Q4 '19 being a particularly strong quarter in the Global business unit. [ If you
may, take a look at that. ]

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. So it wont...

Dexter P. Congbalay
Vice President of Investor Relations

Bryan, it's Dexter. I mean, in short, we don't see a slowdown versus if you think about it on Q3, Q4
sequential. I mean the North American business is holding up well.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. And then second question, just can you give us a sense of where you stand now in terms of -- and
I don't know what the right measure is, but COVID impacting, I guess, the production, right, whether
it's absenteeism or utilization rates? Or it seems like it surged and maybe a little bit more than you
expected at some point during the third quarter. I'm just trying to get a sense of like current state of
business, has it improved at all? Or are you still pretty much in the same level of absenteeism that you
were experiencing in the third quarter?

Thomas P. Werner
President, CEO & Director

Bryan, it's Tom. I would say it is improving. We have taken a number of actions several weeks ago to
encourage our employees to get vaccinated. But we are seeing improvement.

And the thing -- Rob talked about it in his prepared remarks, the thing that I made the decision that
we're going to service our customers. So that is causing -- as we take the plants down, like Rob said,
we're moving things around, and it's very unnatural for us right now. This is not a systemic problem.
This is a short-term issue that we'll continue to manage through. But we've got the right team focused
on the course-corrective actions. And -- but there is adjustments every week on production, and that's a
decision. It's right for the company. It's right for the service of our customers for the long term. But it is
improving.

And I think as the employees and people get vaccinated, and we're still following our protocols in the
plants to keep the employees safe. But we are seeing improvement, and it will gradually improve. And I
suspect, we get to summer and we should be in pretty good shape, close to normalized run rates.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Chris Growe with Stifel.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

LAMB WESTON HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 07, 2021

I just had a question for you, if I could ask first about the international performance and really more
focused more on the outlook. You'd indicated that -- the Europe, I guess, I understand, given there's
been some incremental restrictions there. But in some of those, what you called other key markets, so I
think about Asia and Oceania, in particular, and I know Latin America would be a little weaker right now,
given restrictions in those markets. But to run at 75% of 4Q '19 levels, I was surprised with that degree of
decline or lower level of shipments. I just want to understand kind of how -- you mentioned China being
very strong. Are there other markets that are weighing on that, especially in that Asia region that may be
resulting in this weaker performance overall?

Robert M. McNutt
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. This is Rob. The -- in particular, the Philippines is a little bit light, but we've also had some business
shifts. We've moved some of the business that has come through our top line historically. We moved to
Lamb-Weston/Meijer. And so some of that's just shipped within our overall platform is part of it.

But the other piece that just in the near-term that's playing a little bit of a role is the port issues and some
of the logistics challenges you've seen more globally, where getting containers available and so on and so
forth is having an impact. We think that will clean up, but that's also having an impact on those volumes.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. That port issue, was that an issue in the quarter? Or more of an issue, say, going forward, like in Q4
and going forward?

Robert M. McNutt
Senior VP & CFO

Well, it was certainly an issue in the quarter to some degree with exports. But going forward, it's not
cleaned up yet. And we're in the same boat as everybody else who's exporting out of the Port of Seattle
and the West Coast ports, that container availability and ship reliability. So we'll see a bit of it, we think,
into this quarter as well.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And then there were some reports recently about potato costs being down from this current crop,
and I know that can vary by region and state and whatnot. I just want to -- I wanted to get just an overall
sense and wanted to get a better update on the crop conditions going forward. But can you talk at all
about what's been reported at least that potato cost could be down a little bit from this coming crop?

Thomas P. Werner
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Chris, this is Tom. I -- as I always do in July and October, Chris, I'll update you on the overall crop
condition, acres, yield, all those kind of things. And I defer on the overall contract pricing as we aren't all
the way closed yet. I understand there's reports out there, but I will address that in July, as I always do.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So I guess I was hoping on the cost issues in the quarter. And I -- Tom, Rob, I appreciate that it was kind
of a whole cascade of things that kind of snowballed on themselves. But is there any way to disaggregate
some of the -- then dimensionalize some of those individual pieces in terms of the incremental freight
expense, kind of unplanned downtime, fixed cost under-absorption? I'm just trying to make sure we're
sensitive to kind of how those really impacted the margin performance, and again, where some of that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

LAMB WESTON HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 07, 2021

might continue into at least the upcoming quarter, we can be sensitive to layering in that impact and then
taking that impact out as we get into fiscal '22 and '23?

Robert M. McNutt
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I think it's tough to -- I mean, obviously, we've got the data internally, but I don't want to start down
a path of disaggregating that and have to update on. But I guess what I would say is that it all stems from
not being able to staff and operate those lines because of COVID. And so it's that cascading effect, and so
there's nothing systemic in the operating costs there that I would call out. It's really that onetime or the
temporary impact of the COVID.

On the transportation side, again, the shifting around from rail to truck and more spot trucking and so
forth, that's temporary as well, driven off of that same issue. But I would point that there is generally
transportation cost inflation going on. And so as we go, we contract freight for the coming periods, I think
we, like everybody else, are going to see freight costs increase.

Dexter P. Congbalay
Vice President of Investor Relations

Adam, it's Dexter. Yes, we have tried to step back on giving specific numbers. Of course, we've got the
data internally. That's just one of those things that how much is really specific to, call it, COVID and things
like inflation that might not be. So we're just trying to be careful in terms of doing that and trying to
report that on kind of going forward because it is an imprecise science at the end of the day. But we gave
you the 3 biggest drivers plus inflation on our COGS. So it's tough to give you a sense of how much is the
specific to each individual item. So sorry about that.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. All right. Maybe I'll circle back with that one. Follow-up question was really on the new China plant.
And just thinking about both timing and market impact. And is that -- do you think, as we look at that
when it comes online, is that -- is there sufficient market growth in China that, that wouldn't actually need
to displace imports, and that the market growth domestically there could absorb that while the import
number stays roughly the same? Or how do you think about the knock-on effects of the China plant in
terms of their import needs and how that would cascade back to the U.S.?

Thomas P. Werner
President, CEO & Director

Yes, it absolutely fits into our long-term strategic plan. China is a big market. It's 1.1 billion pound. It's
been growing at 10% to 15% annually for a number of years. We expect that growth to continue. A lot of
the bigger -- our bigger customers are expanding their storefronts and continue to do so.

And so the plant is going to take about 2 years to come online. And Adam, it gives us flexibility to shift
current export production to in-country, which is another strategic reason to build that plant. And we're
committed to China, and we'll be committed to it long term. But it, again, adds a geographical flexibility
to our overall operating network around the globe. And -- but it's 2 years out. So these things, you got to
think through what the category is going to look like in 2 years in some of these markets, and you got to
invest in it. And that's part of one of our strategic pillars is to continue to invest in this company for the
long term, and we'll continue to do that.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Tom Palmer with JPMorgan.

Thomas Hinsdale Palmer
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

LAMB WESTON HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 07, 2021

I appreciate that it's tough to be overly precise, but I wanted to ask about your segment mix expectations.
You noted that volume could be back at pre-pandemic levels by the end of the calendar year. How are you
thinking about the mix between Global and Foodservice? Based on what you're seeing from customers, do
you think that both segments could approach pre-pandemic volumes? Or should we be thinking about a
shift towards the Global side?

Thomas P. Werner
President, CEO & Director

Yes. This is Tom. I expect at the end of the calendar year, based on some of the data we look at, things --
we're projecting Foodservice to be back to pre-pandemic levels. And as we've seen markets in the U.S.,
not all of them opened up and just lift restrictions, we've seen them approach or get pretty darn close to
pre-pandemic levels. Now we need some time to work through overall, the consumer behavior of going
back to eat restaurants over a longer period of time. But that gives me confidence that there's some pent-
up demand for the restaurants in our Foodservice segment. And I think we'll get back to pre-pandemic
levels by the end of the calendar year. And the mix will settle in to where it was before all this happened in
terms of segment.

Thomas Hinsdale Palmer
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Really helpful. And then I had kind of a different type of mix. So you noted mix headwinds from
a pricing standpoint in both Global and Foodservice during the third quarter. We're lapping some pretty
big mix headwinds a year ago in the fourth quarter and here you are a month in with improving volume
trends. Should we think about mix kind of swinging to a tailwind as we think about the fourth quarter?

Thomas P. Werner
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I -- the -- obviously, there's going to be a significant mix change versus Q4 of last year, which
everybody knows, we're in the deep end of the pandemic. So the Foodservice -- we expect Foodservice
trends to improve. Global, pretty steady state and growing to pre-pandemic levels. And Retail, if you
recall, last year, retail directionally was up like 150%, that's going to taper off. Q3 was 105% to 115%,
roughly. So the mix shift for us will be skewing back to, I call it, a more normalized segment mix in Q4.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Rob Dickerson with Jefferies.

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I guess, Tom, just a question around capacity in the industry and then also your decision to obviously
lean into China a little bit. I guess combined with all of the comments you were talking about today
just kind of shifting maybe some volume into some less efficient plants. Like, should we take the China
investment kind of as a kind of go-forward use of cash as you think about incremental capacity versus
potentially looking at some of your footprint within the U.S. and maybe making some of those plants more
modernized, so to speak, and more efficient?

Thomas P. Werner
President, CEO & Director

In terms of China use of cash, that's -- we're evaluating that. And the way to think about our North
America footprint, as we've had a continual modernization program for 5, 10 years, so we're upgrading
these plants with the latest technology. There's a certain amount of maintenance we do every year.
We're committed too for food safety and people safety and some of the bigger equipment that's aged, we
replaced it. And just in terms of overall capacity in the industry, I think about the category 2 to 3 years
out, and based on our projections on the category growth overall, that's what drives a lot of our decisions
in terms of investing because we got to make a decision now for what we think is going to happen in 2 or
2.5 years. And that's the way we've always operated.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

LAMB WESTON HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 07, 2021

And I think the category will come back by the end of the calendar year on a normalized run rate basis.
And I believe it's going to return to growth. And the things that we're going to do in the near term is make
sure we're positioned to capture our share and capture the growth and service our customers and continue
to evaluate the footprint and the cost competitiveness of our footprint in the marketplace, and that will
drive the investment decisions going forward here in the next 12 to 15 months.

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Got it. Okay. So I mean, for now, obviously, it's a kind of wait and see where the growth goes in the next
12 months, and it sounds like the footprint for now is good, right? There's not really a need to necessarily
lean into the U.S. side with incremental capacity, but if the industry continues to grow, that's obviously a
use of cash potential going forward over the next 2 years.

Thomas P. Werner
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I'll jump in. Think about it this way, we got to think through the next 2 years, 2, 3 years what the
category is going to look like. I'm not going to sit and wait and see what happens. So we're going to make
some decisions and potentially move some things forward to get ourselves ready for the next 2, 3 years,
so we have available capacity to meet the demand and the category growth and service our customers.
Just like we have been in the past, we make decisions now anticipating what 2 and 3 years is going to look
like.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Jenna Giannelli with Goldman Sachs.

Jenna Loren Giannelli
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I just had a follow-up on the China plant. Did you talk or have you talked about the cadence of the CapEx
spend that you're planning there? And then just in terms of impact, potential efficiencies gain, anything
that you can point to from maybe past examples where you've expanded capacity and the type of overall
benefit from a margin standpoint that you saw?

Robert M. McNutt
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Jenna, we have not talked about the cadence of that CapEx spend there. Again, it's $250 million. It
will take us about 2 years to get it in. And again, you've got lead time order on equipment and progress
payments against that. And so I think to some degree that it's going to be -- the bulk of it's going to be --
a big chunk of the spend is going to be in next fiscal year and then following into the last several months
before start-up there. So some of it will be this year, but the bulk of it is going to be in next year and into
the following year.

In terms of efficiencies, clearly, we're going to gain technical efficiencies in areas like recovery, but there
are so many variables that go into that. Clearly, labor costs are lower in China than they would be in the
U.S., but you get some offsets in some other things. But clearly, we'll gain some efficiencies there.

I will tell you that the folks who have been running our existing plant in Shangdu, and we've done some
debottlenecking there to service growth there, have done a great job of managing those assets and
extracting the real value out of those. So we're very confident in the team there and their ability to deliver
when we give them the new asset to work with.

Jenna Loren Giannelli
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. Perfect. That's super helpful. And I just have one more, if I can. I know that you mentioned that
you may have seen, it's hard to gauge, but some pull forward of demand from your foodservice customers

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

LAMB WESTON HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 07, 2021

kind of in preparation for what they're expecting is more demand. So from your standpoint, how are you
thinking about working capital requirements as demand ramps for you, I guess, mainly in kind of the
Foodservice and to a lesser extent the Global segment? And that's it for me.

Robert M. McNutt
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I think if you think about the ramp-up in that, just look at the demand, look at our DSO on the
receivable side, and what it's been historically, and we'll ramp back up to those kinds of levels in our
foodservice. So that's what we anticipate as it will just get back to kind of normal DSO levels when you get
to year-end, and it will carry through the receivables number.

Operator

We'll take our final question from Carla Casella with JPMorgan.

Carla Casella
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

One follow-up on the cost question. Have you -- can you give us a sense for how much of your total COGS
is food-grade oil or edible-grade oil?

Thomas P. Werner
President, CEO & Director

Dexter, I'm not sure if we -- go ahead.

Dexter P. Congbalay
Vice President of Investor Relations

No, we haven't. Carla, let me take that. We don't give a specific on that. What we have said on COGS
just generally breaking down, normal environment about roughly 1/3 is raw potatoes; roughly another,
call it, 20%, 25% is going to be a combination in no particular order here of edible oils, packaging
and miscellaneous ingredients; and the remaining, call it, 40%, 45%, again, no particular order here,
combination of fixed overhead, conversion costs, which is largely labor, fuel, electric power and water; and
then finally, transportation and warehousing. But we don't break it down any finer than that.

Operator

That will conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr.
Congbalay for any additional or closing remarks.

Dexter P. Congbalay
Vice President of Investor Relations

Hi, everybody, appreciate the time today in listening to the call. Any follow-up questions or need to speak,
best thing to do is pop me an e-mail then we can schedule a time. Have a good day, everyone. Thank you.

Operator
That will conclude today's call. We appreciate your participation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

LAMB WESTON HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 07, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

