Leidos Holdings, Inc. NYSE:LDOS
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, November 02, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.62

1.80

11.11

1.67

6.53

7.12

Revenue  (mm)

3602.32

3483.00

(3.31 %)

3652.59

14013.64

14957.80

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-02-2021 10:57 AM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.61

1.47

1.58

1.62

1.63

1.73

1.52

1.80

1.24 %

17.69 %

(3.80 %)

11.11 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher R. Cage
Corporate Controller & CFO

M. Stuart Davis
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

David Egon Strauss
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Gavin Eric Parsons
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Mariana Perez Mora
BofA Securities, Research Division

Matthew Carl Akers
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Peter J. Arment
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Seth Michael Seifman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Sheila Karin Kahyaoglu
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Tobey O'Brien Sommer
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Greetings. Welcome to the Leidos Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note,
this conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Stuart Davis from
Investor Relations. Stuart, you may now begin.

M. Stuart Davis
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to welcome you to our third quarter fiscal year 2021
earnings conference call. Joining me today are Roger Krone, our Chairman and CEO; and Chris Cage, our
Chief Financial Officer. Today's call is being webcast on the Investor Relations portion of our website where
you'll also find the earnings release and supplemental financial presentation slides that we'll use during
today's call.

Turning to Slide 2 of the presentation. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on
the environment as we currently see it, and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to
our press release for more information on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially.

Finally, as shown on Slide 3, during the call, we'll discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A
reconciliation between the two is included in today's press release and presentation slides.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Roger Krone, who'll begin on Slide 4.

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Stuart, and thank you all for joining us this morning. The third quarter marked another strong
quarter for Leidos, with record levels of revenue, adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP diluted EPS and backlog.
Our success is the direct result of building a business portfolio focused on vital missions and a workforce
that is motivated to enhance those missions through technology, engineering and science.

As we described at our October Investor Day, we see continued success ahead based on our scale,
positioning and talented people.

To organize my remarks, I'll address 4 messages. First, our financial results demonstrate our ability to
grow organically, drive earnings and generate cash. Second, our business development engine delivered
large and important awards that speak to our differentiated position in the market. Third, we're effectively
deploying capital to create shareholder value. And fourth, we are investing in our people and building a
company that we can all be proud of.

Number one, our strong financial performance was highlighted by outstanding earnings and cash
performance. Revenue of $3.48 billion were up organically 6% year-over-year ahead of the market. Non-
GAAP diluted EPS for the quarter was $1.80, which was up 22% year-over-year driven by strong operating
performance as reflected in our adjusted EBITDA margin of 11.6%. Finally, we generated $565 million
of cash flow from operations and free cash flow of $541 million for our free cash flow conversion ratio of
211% of non-GAAP net income, with an asset-light model and ability to take EBITDA and to convert it to
cash and a lean balance sheet, cash generation is a hallmark of Leidos.

Number two, business development continued the momentum that is driving our industry-leading organic
growth this year. We achieved net bookings of $4.7 billion in the quarter, representing a book-to-bill ratio
of 1.4, our 15th consecutive quarter with a book-to-bill ratio of 1.0 or greater. As a result, total backlog at
the end of the quarter stood at a record $34.7 billion, which was up 9% on a year-over-year basis.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

I'll now touch on 4 of our key wins. We were awarded a $600 million prime contract to continue to
support the Army's Geospatial Center, BuckEye mission. We're providing mission-critical unclassified high-
resolution color imagery and digital 3D terrain over all operationally relevant areas of the world. Our scale
enabled us to invest in aircraft that we own and operate in a cadre of professionals to support the mission.
Through this program, we provide our war fighters with a decisive advantage on the battlefield. And given
the unclassified nature of the BuckEye data, support partner nations as well as humanitarian assistance
and disaster relief.

The National Security Agency awarded us a $300 million prime contract to develop and modernize the
agency's Technical Signals Intelligence mission. Under the contract, we provide the technical services to
develop, deploy and sustain a wide range of enhanced TechSIGINT collection, production and analysis
capabilities that provide our nation's leaders and military troops with actionable intelligence and critical
information to protect and defend our country.

The U.S. Army awarded our Dynetics subsidiary, a $237 million, 2.5-year contract for the Enduring
Indirect Fires Protection Capability, or IFPC, to produce a transportable system to engage and defeat
cruise missile and unmanned aircraft system threats. Our solution uses an open system architecture that
provides both flexibility and growth as well as full integration with the Army's integrated air and missile
defense battle command system. Under this initial contract, we'll deliver 16 launcher prototypes and 60
interceptors. I view this as the seed corn. If we do it right, IFPC can grow into a $1 billion-plus program.
The contract includes options for follow-on production of 400 launchers with associated interceptors.

Finally, Customs and Border Protection awarded us another important multi-award IDIQ for nonintrusive
inspection. So far this year, we've received 2 IDIQs with a total of $870 million in ceiling value and $200
million in tasking on those contracts. Safeguarding our nation's ports and borders is a critical priority, and
CBP has set a goal of 100% screening of cars and cargo at the border versus the single-digit percentages
that we achieved today. Congress has appropriated a significant amount of money for more screening. So
we see this as a great opportunity for us.

Number three, I view capital allocation as one of my key functions as CEO, and we're deploying capital
to create shareholder value. During the quarter, we bought back $137 million of our stock through open
market repurchases.

At our Investor Day in October, we shared a target of $3.5 billion in cash flow from operations from 2022
through 2024. After considering capital expenditures, some debt paydown and our dividend program, we'll
have approximately $2.2 billion to deploy across M&A and share repurchases. We're always looking at
technology add-ons, and so that pipeline is pretty active.

In Q3, we added a small strategic acquisition to our Dynetics subsidiary to accelerate some of its growth
opportunities. Beyond that, there's currently nothing major on the horizon.

We've built a portfolio that we're proud of, and we think we're well positioned to grow. We'll pursue large
M&A only if we find a property along the way that could really help accelerate our strategy.

Number four. People are at the heart of what we do, and this quarter demonstrated our ability to attract
the talent that we need. During the quarter, we hired more than 2,900 people. And at the end of the
quarter, we were more than 43,000 strong. Our headcount grew 2% sequentially and 12% year-over-year.

Still, recruiting is an evergreen challenge. We have about 1,400 funded vacancies and recruiting and
retention remains areas of strategic focus for the leadership team.

One of the reasons we're attractive to job applicants is that we invest in upskilling our people and
building an innovation culture. As an example, in Q3, we held our first-ever Leidos Sphere, a 24-hour
virtual technology conference that brought together employees from around the world to share technical
solutions. CTOs, solutions architects and other technologists streamed presentations live from the U.S.,
Australia, Israel, and the U.K. I personally saw the clear value for participants with real-time answers to
questions and lively chat discussions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

In the time of increasingly complex global challenges, our global network of customers and colleagues
working together to address those challenges is a competitive differentiator.

Another part of what makes Leidos so attractive is that we're a values-based company. This leadership
team is committed to Leidos being a great corporate citizen. We're mindful of our opportunities and
responsibilities to our many stakeholders, especially as we grow. With our mission to make the world
safer, healthier and more efficient, we believe we can build a future where our people and technology
make a real impact.

Having achieved our legacy greenhouse gas emissions reduction goal, we have now set new environmental
goals as well as social and governance goals for 2030. Our new next-level Leidos ESG goals highlight key
efforts related to cultivating inclusion, advancing environmental sustainability and promoting healthier
lives. We believe these efforts will not only sustain and enrich our culture at Leidos, but they'll also have a
positive impact on all of our stakeholders. We'll report our progress annually in our corporate responsibility
report, which we've been publishing for more than a decade.

Through this effort, we're committed to continued transparency in how we're doing from a diversity and
environmental standpoint as well as making the lives of our employees and communities better. And so
you'll see that in our disclosures.

Before turning the call over to Chris, I'd like to address the current budget environment, as it gives
important context for the guidance that he will be providing.

As expected, Congress enacted a continuing resolution and suspended the debt ceiling to avoid a
shutdown and economic turmoil. Each is now set to expire on December 3. The current thinking is that
Congress will try to package the spending bills together into an omnibus spending bill for the President to
sign before December 3, or they may kick the can down the road and pass another CR that could last until
next March. In addition, the House has indicated that it plans to attempt to pass 2 large legislative items
this week or maybe this month. The first, the $1.2 trillion bipartisan infrastructure framework to improve
the country's roads, bridges, broadband and other critical infrastructure priorities has already passed
the Senate, so it would head to the present -- it would head to President Biden's desk for signature. The
second, the $1.75 trillion Build Back Better proposal to overhaul the nation's health care, education,
climate and tax laws would head to the Senate for debate.

The faith of both bills is still unclear as is the path forward on the spending bills and the debt ceiling. In
the face of this uncertainty, some of our customers have tamped down their normal spending patterns.
Given the mission-critical nature of our work, we expect only a modest impact to our results, while the
budget issues remain unresolved.

I'll now turn the call over to Chris Cage.

Christopher R. Cage
Corporate Controller & CFO

Thanks, Roger, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. As Roger said, Q3 was an outstanding quarter
for earnings and cash, and I'm proud of the team for delivering such strong operating performance.

Let's jump right into the third quarter results, beginning with the income statement on Slide 5. Revenues
for the quarter were $3.48 billion, up 7% compared to the prior year quarter. Excluding acquired revenues
of $47 million, revenues increased 6% organically with organic growth across all 3 reportable segments.

We're pleased to continue to outpace the market, but revenues were below our expectation. The main
driver of the shortfall was in lower margin material purchases due in part to supply chain issues for
computers and technology components. And due to reduced activity levels due to concerns over the
predictability of funding that Roger just mentioned.

We were able to deliver strong earnings despite these factors. Adjusted EBITDA was $403 million for the
third quarter, which was up 16% year-over-year. And adjusted EBITDA margin increased from 10.7% to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

11.6% over the same period. This was primarily due to strong program management, higher volumes on
some of our fixed price programs and better direct labor utilization.

Non-GAAP net income attributable to Leidos common stockholders was $257 million for the third quarter,
which was up 21% year-over-year. And non-GAAP diluted EPS for the quarter was $1.80, up 22%
compared to the third quarter of fiscal year 2020.

Now for an overview of our segment results and key drivers on Slide 6. Defense Solutions revenues
increased by 3% compared to the prior year quarter. Excluding the acquisitions of 1901 Group and Gibbs
& Cox, organic revenue was up 1%. The largest growth driver was the NGEN ramp, which more than offset
the completion of the human landing system-based contract within Dynetics.

Civil revenues increased 3% compared to the prior year quarter, and all of the growth is now organic. The
revenue increase was primarily driven by volume growth on existing programs, including the Antarctic
support contract, our managed IT services support to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and
Explosives, where we're leveraging our 1901 Group acquisition and our engineering support to commercial
energy providers.

Health revenues increased 31% compared to the prior year quarter, and all of that growth was organic. We
continue to see a nice ramp on the Military and Family Life Counseling program, and DHMSM had a large
year-over-year increase based on deployment timing. Like last quarter, the largest year-over-year increase
was in the disability examination business in our QTC subsidiary.

On the margin front, Defense Solutions' non-GAAP operating margin for the quarter came in at 8.8%,
which was unchanged compared to the prior year quarter. Civil non-GAAP operating margin declined
from 10.5% in the prior year quarter to 9.6% as we had fewer deliveries of airport screening systems.
Importantly, margins for both defense and Civil were up sequentially, consistent with our long-term view
for these segments.

Health non-GAAP operating margin for the quarter was at 20.7% compared to 16.3% in the prior year
quarter. This quarter's strong margin performance benefited from the significantly increased revenue
volume on fixed unit price programs and the higher direct labor utilization.

Turning now to cash flow and the balance sheet on Slide 7. Operating cash flow for the quarter was
$565 million. And free cash flow, which is net of capital expenditures, was $541 million. The exceptional
operating cash flow was driven by strong operational performance across the enterprise and higher
customer advance payments, and came despite the $62 million cash tax headwind from last year's CARES
Act deferral.

During the quarter, we paid down $27 million of debt and repurchased 1.4 million shares. In total, we
returned $188 million to shareholders through our quarterly dividend program and share repurchases.

As of October 1, 2021, we had $587 million in cash and cash equivalents and $5.1 billion of debt.

As we close out the year, we remain committed to a target leverage ratio of 3x. Our long-term balanced
capital deployment strategy remains the same and consists of being appropriately levered, maintaining
our investment-grade rating, returning a quarterly dividend to shareholders, reinvesting for growth, both
organically and inorganically and returning excess cash to shareholders in a tax-efficient manner.

On now to the forward outlook. As shown on Slide 8, we're updating our guidance for fiscal year 2021.
Let's walk through the drivers for each metric. We now expect revenues between $13.7 billion and $13.9
billion, which is the bottom half of our previous range. Supply chain delays and customers holding back
spending due to concerns over the predictability of funding are the primary drivers here. But some
protests have also pushed revenue out of this year. And we're also mindful of the potential impact of
vaccine mandates on our workforce.

At the midpoint of revenue guidance, revenues in Q4 would increase about $70 million compared to Q3,
driven by the continued ramp on new programs like NGEN, offsetting moderation in the volume of our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

medical exam business. At the revenue midpoint, organic growth for the year would be 9% and total
revenue growth would be 12%.

We expect 2021 adjusted EBITDA margin between 10.9% and 11.1%, which is above the previous range
as a result of our Q3 outperformance. As the revenue composition shifts in the fourth quarter, we expect
EBITDA margins will come back in and land in the mid-10% range.

We expect non-GAAP diluted earnings per share for the year between $6.55 and $6.75. So we've
increased the midpoint of the range by $0.15 based on our Q3 outperformance. Share repurchases in the
third quarter will also add about $0.01 to Q4 non-GAAP diluted EPS.

Finally, our expectation for cash from operations is unchanged at $875 million or greater. Our strong Q3
performance increases our confidence in meeting or exceeding $875 million for the year, but the advanced
payments in Q3 will be a headwind to Q4 cash generation.

Before I close, I want to highlight the 3-year targets we laid out at Investor Day last month. From 2022
through 2024, we're targeting an organic revenue CAGR of 5% to 6%, adjusted EBITDA margins of 10.5%
or greater by 2024, free cash flow conversion of approximately 100% and cumulative cash flow from
operations generation of approximately $3.5 billion.

Our market positioning, industry-leading scale and technology differentiation support our position and
ability to deliver on these targets.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Rob so we can take some questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Peter Arment with Baird.

Peter J. Arment
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Roger, you mentioned some customers tampering down kind of their spending plans, just given the
uncertainty. Maybe you could just give us a little more color on what specifically you're seeing?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Yes. What typically happens, so we end up with a contract, this IDIQ. We work on task orders. And then
we always anticipate, especially in the next fiscal year, that those customers will come forward with
projects, which will expand our revenue base. And it's discretionary money on their part, but it's below the
IDIQ ceiling. And I'm thinking in my mind primarily about 3 or 4 agencies. And those projects just haven't
materialized.

And the base program is running fine and -- but we always anticipate maybe 10% on some of these IDIQ
kind of test quarter contracts that will come in and a couple of agencies, specifically just haven't been
spending their project money. And so it's something we sort of plan on. It's not unusual. We've seen it
before when the budget uncertainty gets as bad as it is today. And pretty much eventually, they'll spend
that money being it next year or the year after. So the work still needs to get done. It's just not getting
done in third and fourth quarter.

Christopher R. Cage
Corporate Controller & CFO

Yes. And Peter, the only thing I'd add is we're not really seeing that in our civil and health customers. It's
pretty much in our Defense Solutions segment between the Intel and some defense customers where
we're seeing that activity.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan.

Seth Michael Seifman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So Chris, I wonder if you could help level set us with the health business. I guess, from 2017 to 2019, we
had adjusted EBIT pretty regularly in like $275 million range in that business. 2020 included the COVID
impact. So obviously, it would have been much higher. This year, we're looking at something considerably
higher than that maybe even something approaching $500 million.

And so when we think about the headwind that's obviously going to be there next year as the outsized
exam revenue comes off, can you help us to size the sales and margin impact of that?

Christopher R. Cage
Corporate Controller & CFO

Well, I mean, first of all, I want to congratulate our team. I think our team has done an exceptional job
running that business and continuing to optimize performance along the way.

Clearly, this was a banner quarter with the growth and the margins above 20%. I would tell you, and we
have told you, that is not where we see this being sustained. And we have worked down the backlog that
came about through the pandemic. And we're seeing a level of referral volume continuing to stay fairly
high.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

So there are some reasons to be a bit optimistic there. But it will come back down. And what we said
before is when the business was running at a normal level, it was in the mid-teen margin. And while we
don't guide by segment, I would tell you somewhere at that level is certainly the bottom end of what
we feel comfortable with. But with the improvements in the business operations and the growth, I think
there's opportunity to do better than that over time.

So we're preparing for a scenario where health is not performing at these levels, and we've communicated
that at Investor Day. And we're driving the rest of the business to make sure we're driving margins up
over time. But again, couldn't be more happy with the performance of the health team, and we're going to
sustain that performance as long as we can.

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Yes. And Seth, as you know, we've got a couple of fairly large programs starting up. The Military and
Family Life Counseling program and the Reserve Health Readiness program, and they will be fully ramped
next year. And those are more towards our normative levels that you might see in our defense group.

And so it's a great business. We're really proud of the team, but next year should look more normal. This
COVID has created swings in our business that we saw last year, and now it's -- as we had predicted, it's
swinging back this year.

Seth Michael Seifman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Great. That's very helpful on the margin. And then maybe just a follow-up on the sales. I assume
that the exam business will be down on the top line next year, but to your point, there's been some nice
wins in some programs ramping. Can you help grow next year, top line?

Christopher R. Cage
Corporate Controller & CFO

Well, so we'll obviously get into those details in our fourth quarter call with you. In fact, we're going to be
with our team here in a couple of weeks, going through the bottoms-up annual plan. But I would say, yes.
Our expectation is the health business can grow next year, and that's certainly the way we're approaching
it.

So more to come on the details around that, but we're actively working that. And there's a healthy
pipeline that we're pursuing at all times.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Gavin Parsons with Goldman Sachs.

Gavin Eric Parsons
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I was hoping you could help to quantify some of the impacts of the delays or impacts you cited. And then
some of the other businesses that may not be kind of running at normal level, right? Health might be a
little high, but I think SG&A is a little low. So if you could help to quantify the impacts of chip shortages,
intel delays, things like that, that would be really helpful?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Yes, I'll take a stab, Gavin. So we're -- we took down the midpoint of our guidance of $100 million. So
that's kind of the size of the pie, if you will. It's how we think about the potential headwinds that we're
facing.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

And on the material side, which is kind of tied up in some of the chip shortage, we've seen lack of material
availability, most around the computing side, but some technology components impacting like our Dynetics
or our ISR -- airborne ISR business.

Think of that as roughly 1/3 of the impact, right?

And then we've got the budgetary headwinds where we expected certain projects to come through. We're
not seeing that activity from customers. That's another roughly 1/3 of the impact.

And then there's this protest bucket. So we had a couple of programs that we won. And in fact, we
had another program that we won last quarter on the TSA side, that TEDS and SEDS, which an OEM
underneath that protest and so we're not able to do some of the work. So there's this bucket of protest
activity that cost us some of the revenue miss as well.

So there are a few of those things going on. We didn't talk about Afghanistan drawdown, but I would
just add that in that's certainly probably at the higher end of our previous estimates on what that impact
would be. So there's a little bit of we expected or hoped that we would have some over the horizon
support that's not really materializing. So all those things added together kind of are the $100 million-ish
guide down on the midpoint of our revenue.

Gavin Eric Parsons
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then maybe on Civil margins, I appreciate that can be pretty lumpy with timing of hardware
delivery, but 2 below average quarters in a row here. Anything that's changed structurally there? Or is
there just a lot of timing going on there as well? And when do you -- would you expect that to normalize
itself?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

I would tell you, again, I was pleased to see the sequential improvement from Q2. That's our expectation
going into next year, is we'll continue to see that tick up. The team has done an excellent job getting the
SD&A business ready for growth in the future when that market rebounds. A lot of new talent has been
added to the team. We're happy about that. But there's a lot of other things going on in Civil.

When I highlighted the growth in our commercial energy customer business, which is above the segment
average on margins, that will continue to see expansion, we believe, going into next year, which will help
us. So again, the Civil business should be above the corporate average margins. It's slightly below right
now, but that's a quarter-to-quarter thing that we see trending up.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.

Sheila Karin Kahyaoglu
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Well, can we think about profitability. Adjusted EBITDA margins around that 10.3% range in Q4 versus
11.2% year-to-date. What are the sort of the drivers of the contraction as we head into Q4? And I think
consensus looks at 10.5% margins for next year. So maybe can you talk about the puts and takes into the
last quarter of the year and what we should be considering if health margins are mid-teens next year?

Christopher R. Cage
Corporate Controller & CFO

Well, that's one of the -- first of all, Sheila, I'll start and Roger can add in. Health, as we've been signaling,
there was the expectation that Q4 will start to see a bit of a ramp down on the medical exam business.
That might not be the case, but we're preparing for that to be the case. And that clearly will put some
dampening on margins overall.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

I would also point to the execution in Q3 was quite strong in the program performance side. You'll see
when you get into the Q that we had an excellent quarter on net write-ups and that helped us in the third
quarter, pick our margins up to 11.6%.

But we're absolutely targeting kind of that mid-10 rate. And as we paid it in Investor Day, that's kind of
our longer-term view on where the business should be. So all things considered in Q4 with the holiday
season and uncertainty in health, we feel pretty good about landing in that area.

Sheila Karin Kahyaoglu
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then maybe one more question. Roger, in the release, you said you're gaining share. What
areas do you find that you're gaining the most traction?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Well, we've always been strongest in this area. If you look at our technical core competencies called digital
transformation. And this is moved to the cloud, IT as a service, helping our customers operate more
efficiently. And what has been exciting for us is that line of business crosses really all 5 business units. And
we've got some major wins that we've talked about. We've got some things in the pipeline. We've actually
moved forward even in the health group with some commercial health care providers. And so overall,
that's a real strong business for us.

And then -- the other -- another area that's really been nice, and again, we talked about this already, is
the new wins in the health group, which has allowed us to grow our health group faster than the rest of
the business. And in order to do that, things like the Military and Family Life Counseling was a takeaway.
The Reserve Health Readiness program was a takeaway from other people.

And we have -- as we said at our Investor Day, and Sheila, we've been talking about for years, we want to
have that balanced portfolio. And so we're investing in Health and Civil to grow, and to grow -- it's great to
go after new business, but sometimes we have to go after recompetes as well and to take business away
from others in our industry.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen.

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

So kind of as we look at the full year and actually the third quarter also, while you say the guide's come
down $100 million, it's basically very mixed. Clearly, Health looks like it's $200 million or so better for
the year. And the big miss is really in defense. So could you basically drill down a little bit more on
the programs. For example, it looks like Dynetics might have been short, so we can understand which
programs are contributing to the shortfall?

Christopher R. Cage
Corporate Controller & CFO

Sure, Cai. Well, obviously, Health being up $200 million against your estimates, we don't give the
guidance by segment, but we're pleased with the Health growth. And in defense, clearly, is where we're
seeing the preponderance of some of the impacts that we've talked about. The Afghan drawdown, that
was a headwind for the team this year and has hurt what would ordinarily be a growing airborne business.

The material shortages, a lot of that in our intel customer space have been an impact. We previously
talked earlier this year on the intelligence customer award delays having some impacts on the business
as well. So those things are all factors that are driving that. And of course, the Human Landing System
program. While we had never put that follow-on in our plan, clearly, the $240 million that we executed on
that 10-month program, that's gone and that becomes a growth headwind.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Now Dynetics, Roger featured the IFPC program in the quarter, and we're very bullish on the growth
from that over time into the future. So we're excited about some of the programs that they're winning
and executing on, but it is a different business model where you're not going to see some of those large
franchise program wins in each and every quarter. So there's some variability on how the growth plays
out.

But if you pull Human Landing System out of Dynetics performance, they're still on a very nice growth
trajectory. Roger, anything you'll add?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Cai, what I would also add, in the third and fourth quarter, we tend to buy a lot of material in our
contracts and then we kind of spend the spring installing it. And the chip shortage has affected the type
of -- and we say material, we buy raw material, but we buy a lot of computer equipment. PC, laptops,
servers, routers, switch gear and what have you. And we really have seen those supply chains lengthen. A
PC we could use to get maybe in 4 months or in 4 weeks now probably takes 20 weeks. A server probably
the same, maybe if not longer. Some of the networking equipment about the same.

And so normally, we would place the orders. We get through the fiscal year, we get into the next year
funding. We place these orders. We get the equipment delivered before the end of the year, and we book
revenue against it. Now we're placing those orders. We're on backlog, like everyone else in the industry,
and it will arrive in the first quarter. And those programs are primarily in our defense segment.

Operator

The next question is coming from the line of Matt Akers with Wells Fargo.

Matthew Carl Akers
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Can you comment on CapEx? I mean, it's running a little bit lower year-to-date. Is that something we
should expect to pick up next year? And I think you've talked about kind of 1.5% of sales. Is that kind of
the right way to think about it in the future?

Christopher R. Cage
Corporate Controller & CFO

Matt, thanks for the question. So you're right, it has been running a little bit lower than our expectations.
We do expect a modest ramp-up in Q4 from what we've been running at. And 1.5%, I would say that's
kind of what we see as the upper bound, right? And our job is to make sure that each and every capital
expenditure request passes muster as it relates to returns that we expect to generate from that, and we'll
go through the detailed scrub of that in our AOP.

As you can imagine, there are some things from a supply chain issue also impacting us on the capital
expenditure side, where Roger mentioned airborne assets and some of the planes that we're outfitting,
we're not able to get some of the technology components to get those in operations. So that's taking
longer than expected. And some of the facilities, especially on the Dynetics side for fabrication and some
of our new wins, getting contractors, getting materials to get those things out that is taking a little bit
longer.

But -- so a little bit of uptick is what I would expect for the fourth quarter. And then as we head into next
year, 1.5%, I'd say, is the upper bounds. And we'll kind of see how things play out as far as what the
opportunity space looks like when we go through our planning process.

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

And Matt, we just completed a big hypersonic facility in Huntsville. So that's mostly in our history.
And then when we moved into the new headquarters here in Reston, and we had a new building in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Gaithersburg and refacilitated campus point, we went through -- although we lease our facilities generally,
we have to buy the capital equipment and do capital improvements. And -- so that's going to be down
next year. And Chris said, yes, well, I'm not sure we ever been at 1.5%. But somewhere between 1% and
1.3% is probably a working number.

Just to reiterate what Chris mentioned, I can think of a couple of projects in the building that we're in,
which we have put on hold because we can't get the material to finish it. There's something on the floor
above us that we just had to wrap up and leave, follow and probably get it finished probably next year.

So it's just -- it's amazing how far reaching the supply chain is. And if you look at the pictures of Long
Beach Harbor, there's a lot of material out there in [ connections ].

Matthew Carl Akers
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. That's really helpful. And I guess just one more on NGEN. Is that -- I think last quarter, you had
mentioned that was sort of one of the kind of reasons to be cautious on the guidance, that it was a new
program and you sort of weren't sure of the order patterns. Is that sort of fully ramped up now? And is
that kind of flowing through kind of at the run rate that you would have expected?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I'll give you some details and if I don't cover it sufficiently, Chris will jump in. We are fully staffed on
the program. So normally, 4,000 people give or take, a little bit. From a revenue standpoint, though, we
won't hit full revenue until next quarter or first quarter. So it's still got some room to go from a revenue
standpoint.

If you're looking for a full year then it's probably next year or maybe even '23 until we're at the absolute
run rate. But the great news is we've taken over the network. We own it now. We have starting the
transformation part of the program, which is to move the Navy into, if you will, the next generation of
[ Azure ] network. And the program is actually running really, really well.

And we literally amazingly went from a ward to fully staffed in literally just a quarter or 2, and that's
almost unprecedented. So really great stuff on the program. We're not at the max revenue this quarter,
but we've got a good shot to be close next quarter.

Christopher R. Cage
Corporate Controller & CFO

Yes. I mean, the team I think it's a highlight across the company is how quickly they staffed that thing up
and the executive management intention to get there. Roger mentioned earlier, some of our customers
have special projects, and NGEN would be a program that would have budget for special projects.

So again, we're learning this customer. We're ready to execute on those as those orders come through,
but that's a variable demand signal that we have to be prepared to respond to. So -- but we're pleased
with where that sits right now with room to grow.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss with Barclays.

David Egon Strauss
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Wanted to ask you how are your recent acquisitions 1901, Gibbs & Cox doing? The acquired revenue in the
quarter was a little lighter than what I was expecting based on kind of what you had indicated Gibbs & Cox
would contribute this year?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Well, it's still early on both of those. Let me talk more strategically. The 1901 has been just a real
energizer for our digital transformation work. We have used the talent in 1901 really to derisk our engine
ramping and staffing. They have an as-a-service platform and have a culture that just attracts people. And
so we were able to set up a call center literally in a month using the people in 1901. And that has really
allowed us to get ahead and provide that level of customer service that we want to get on NGEN.

And it's the top line growth. There's a lot of work on 1901 that happens through the other units. And so
the way we account for it, if they facilitate a sale in our Civil group, you'll see that revenue in our Civil
group. And the way we account for acquisition revenue is the stand-alone 1901.

On Gibbs & Cox, on a stand-alone basis, which is probably not all that relevant even today because we've
combined our heritage LInC, liters Innovation Center, Maritime Group with Gibbs & Cox, but you don't see
that in the way we account for the revenue. And the cross linkages, the synergies between the heritage
maritime business where we would have [ Sea Hunter ] and our TRAPS program and some other classified
program and what goes on in Gibbs & Cox, you're not going to get that visibility in our GAAP reported
financials.

But the naval architecture work and the relationships at NAVC and in the Navy that now complement our
autonomy business and the work that we do under the water has been terrific. And then Gibbs & Cox, on a
stand-alone basis, continue to have strong support from the Navy, on the new frigate contract, on the new
destroyer contract and they continue to grow and the staff.

And it's really been exciting. They bring a level of systems engineering and platforms that we have
wanted to have for a long time. And that knowledge and that culture really, we're using across the whole
organization.

Christopher R. Cage
Corporate Controller & CFO

The only thing I'd add on, what we love about the Gibbs & Cox team is they're so close to the customer,
so important to the customer's mission. And they're going to support that mission even in advance of a
contract award. So for example, just as they become part of the bigger corporation, making sure that
we're getting out with the right contractual arrangements so we can recognize revenue on some of the
work they're doing. But they're in a good position to continue to grow and deliver.

And as Roger mentioned, the 1901 Group is contributing a lot internally on for other programs, which are
adding value and will ultimately be accretive to our performance, and that doesn't show up in the external
report that you see.

David Egon Strauss
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Got it. Okay. That helps. And then, Chris, want to ask on working capital. So it looks like to get down
closer to the $875 million or a little above that, you're baking in, I would guess something like a couple
hundred million dollar working capital headwind in the fourth quarter. So can you talk about that?

And then in terms of your long-range forecast, I know we have the $3.5 billion in operating cash flow
that you forecast. But what specifically do you have baked in there in terms of working capital? Or do you
expect working capital to kind of be a net drag over that period?

Christopher R. Cage
Corporate Controller & CFO

Sure, David. So let me first address the fourth quarter. And we signaled a couple of main things that
are going to go on in the fourth quarter. We talked about advanced payments. And so one of our large
programs, customer funds us in advance at the end of their fiscal year. We get that money in our third
quarter. There are some material subcontractors, and other payments that will go out in the fourth
quarter, right? So we get paid. We pay some of them. So that will be an outflow that's already planned
and programmed.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

And then we talked a lot about NGEN, and that's, again, a new customer with new buying behavior for us.
And one of the things that we'll be in a position to do in the fourth quarter is procure a number of software
licenses that they use and execute on. And as you can imagine, some of those arrangements are pay in
advance to the software license providers. The way the Navy funds those is kind of an overtime model. So
there's some of that that's built in and our expectations of working capital usage.

Big picture, over time, I would tell you this, I mean, I like the way the team is managing working capital
today. I think we're having an excellent year. We're programming in improvements where we can make
them. We're thoughtful about certain particular business areas that might need a little bit of investment,
but that's modest.

And so generally speaking, our DSO this quarter at 60 days is something that I see as being able to be
sustained, perhaps improved in certain spots. And right now, the way we're going to manage inventory,
I think there's ability to continue to tighten that down and drive improvements into that. So I don't see a
big change in our working capital usage to execute our growth plan over the next 3 years.

Operator

The next question is coming from the line of Mariana Perez Mora with Bank of America.

Mariana Perez Mora
BofA Securities, Research Division

So supply chain, you gave us color on what's going on, but could you please discuss the actions you are
taking to mitigate the headwinds? And how much of these headwinds could actually slip into next year?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Well, we're doing what everybody else is doing. Our purchasing organization is out having discussions with
all of our supplier partners. We're trying to place orders ahead of need. We would be willing to own and
hold stock, if we can get it. We are trying to substitute what's in inventory for what's not in inventory.

We are having discussions, frankly, with our customers about would they rather wait, would you rather
have the X laptop now or the Y laptop tomorrow. By the way, most of our customers are saying, no, we'll
wait another month to get the Y laptop.

We've got really good visibility into our supply chain. We tend to have -- from a system standpoint,
material resource and planning, our major suppliers connect into our system. So we sort of know where
the supply is. We know when it's going to arrive. And as such, we don't want to get ahead of the arrival of
the equipment.

But like everybody in the industry, we see this as a delay, not a long-term problem. Something that will --
for most of us will correct early next year. I don't think we have the same issues that you might see in the
auto industry or and others. And these are supplier partners that we've got 10-year, 20-year relationships
with.

And we buy a lot of volume. And so we have a preferred position when they get into the server, the router,
we are near the top of the list in getting our fair share.

But there's only so much you can do, which is why we talked about it this morning is if the chips aren't
there, they're not being put on the board, they're not being put into the equipment and we can't put the
equipment in the customer and take revenue credit.

Mariana Perez Mora
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. Makes sense. And then, if I may, switching gears to vaccine mandate. I know the White House is
already hinting some flexibility, and you mentioned no significant impact. But it will be really helpful if you
can give us some color on the workforce vaccination rate. What are the most exposed businesses? And
what are your actions to prepare for early December?
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Well, we almost got through the call. So I could spend an hour on this. I'll try to give you a summary
so that you have a good sense of where we are and what we're doing.

First of all, we had a sweepstakes, what we call the carrot, where we encouraged our employees to get
vaccinated, and we gave 10 employees a year's salary. That was very, very, very successful. We think a
lot of people went and got back and say, it kind of came off the fence because of the -- we call it the move
the needle sweepstakes, okay?

We are now -- look -- by the way, our current status is to enter our facility, you have to be vaccinated
today or you have to have a recent 72-hour COVID test. And that's all of our facilities. And then customer
facilities, we have to follow whatever rule the customer has put in place, and it varies. It varies by
customer, it varies by state and it varies by county.

We all know there's an Executive Order 14042 that says everyone needs to be vaccinated by the 8th of
December. We are working with the customers really down to every contract officer in every contract
on what that looks like. I'm sure you know that it allows for exceptions because of the ADA and the
Civil Rights Act, which means there is a health exception and a religious exception. We are processing
exceptions, through a relatively rigorous process. We have, if you will, forms you have to fill out, and then
we have a group of people who adjudicate that.

You asked me what is our current vaccination status? I can give you a range. We think we're in the
mid-90s today, right? And because that's PHI data and the requirement to verify your vaccination is not in
place here until the 8th of December, we don't know for sure. But based upon all the data we've got, the
number of people who have already updated -- uploaded their vaccination card, we think we are in those
mid-90s.

We worry about a small percentage number of people who won't apply for an exemption, won't get
vaccinated and simply say, hey, I just don't believe it. I'm a non-vaccinator. We think that number is in the
single-digit percentages. We're concerned, which is why we talked about it on the call. It could have an
impact to revenue.

If an employee -- if the mandate stays in place as it's written, and there's a lot of discussion even
yesterday that the firm requirement of December 8 may be relaxed but it has not yet been, although
there's a lot of rhetoric from the White House. But if an employee were not to be vaccinated, then we
would treat that like any disciplinary action where we go through an oral and then a written and then
they have to go through our employee disciplinary board and that will take literally months, as it would
if you parked in somebody else's parking spot or something like that. And it is unlikely that we would
involuntarily separate employees early.

But there is a possibility that at some point, we're going to have to lay out some people because they
don't get vaccinated. We don't want to do that. And we are working with the legislators and with the White
House on a sensible implementation of the executive order.

But I would tell you right now, it's fluid. There have been lawsuits filed. There are some states who have
said, you can't comply. And so we're trying to understand state law versus federal law. Like I said, this
could -- this explanation could go on at length, but what we want to do is to keep COVID out of our
facilities and out of our customer facilities.

And the EO gives us a great opportunity to do that, and we're going to do everything in our power to keep
COVID out and be compliant with the rules and the laws and the Executive Order. But we care about our
employees. And we are a people company and the workforce is really, really important, and we're going to
do all we can to maintain jobs for our employees.

One other benefit that we have, and then I'll cut this off, Mariana. As I said, it's probably longer than
you wanted. Because of our diverse portfolio, we have parts of our business that are not subject to the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Executive Order. We do work for some commercial customers. Actually, a considerable amount of work for
commercial customers.

If it's possible, based upon skill set and geographical location, if we have people who don't want to get the
vaccine and they have a skill set that we can use in our Civil business and our civil health business and
some other businesses, we can actually move those people to open jobs in other parts of the business and
maintain their employment with Leidos.

But that's not going to be true in every case. But the strength of having a diverse portfolio that we do
have allows us to move people back and forth. And in this COVID world, a fair amount of people are
working at home. So that adds to our flexibility that we could take someone who maybe was on a defense
contract and move them to a civil commercial infrastructure program. But -- and we do have a process set
up to do that. We are encouraging those non-vaccinators, if they would like, to take one of the jobs that
we have in the commercial segment. Like I said, I can go on, but that's probably more than you wanted to
know, but I appreciate the question.

M. Stuart Davis
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

And Rob, I think we have time for one more question.

Operator

That question will be coming from the line of Tobey Sommer with Truist Securities.

Tobey O'Brien Sommer
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

I was hoping that you could give us some perspective on what an increase in wage inflation over the next
year or 2 could mean to your different businesses, whether that would crowd out some new contract
starts because existing programs may need to be kind of plussed up to keep the staff and accomplish their
mission?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Well, let me give you a quick overview and then Chris can talk about the numbers. So we have yet to see
the wage inflation but we are being thoughtful about that. And with the hiring that we're doing, especially
in some geographical areas and some skill sets, the fight for talent is something that we are being very
thoughtful about.

Tobey, we have forward pricing rates. There's escalation assumed in the forward pricing rates. If we hire
ahead or above that then on our cost type contracts that makes us a little less competitive but we flow
through the customer. On our fixed price contracts, it lowers our fee.

The numbers, as we look at '22 and '23 are really small because we procure about half of what we sell
and our labor content is a percentage of that, and then you have to start seeing where we are on a labor
category by labor category. So it's a risk item for everyone, for everyone in the industry, but it is not yet a
significant risk for us. It's -- literally, I mean -- and Chris can probably give you some colors, in the single
or double-digit millions.

But it's something we're being thoughtful about.

And it's why in our labor strategy, you have heard us talk about building centers of excellence in areas
that are outside, some of the large geographical metropolitan areas like the 1901 Group gave us a large
footprint in Blacksburg, which we love. By the way, Blacksburg is a fantastic place. A great place to work.
The people who work there love it. They're big Virginia tech fans, and it is a very different economic
environment than trying to hire someone in Reston, Virginia. And our strategy for the past few years have
been to be in places like Morgantown, West Virginia and Blacksburg, and even St. Louis, which with the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

movement of the second headquarters of NGA has become a pretty exciting place for us to hire people and
to grow.

Christopher R. Cage
Corporate Controller & CFO

And Tobey, it's certainly something, as Roger said, we're being very thoughtful about what, we've
been thinking about for some time. And actually just had some discussion on this as a leadership team
yesterday as part of our planning process that went through the analysis. And I would tell you that the
budget that we're establishing for our merit increases for next year will be higher than what it's been the
last several years.

We're very cognizant of the fact that that's reality. But it's affordable to do so. And as we've talked about
margin levers longer term, we understand that that's an area we're going to be making a little bit more
investment. There's other areas we're going to deemphasize.

So I don't see it as something that puts a big headwind on us. We know how to do this. We know how to
attract talent, retain talent. And I think ultimately, doing the right thing on the front end with paying our
people can offset costs elsewhere such as retention or other things that you have to put in place.

So again, big picture, I don't think it's a material driver for near-term margin impacts and it's something
we're certainly planning for.

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Yes, Tobey, I would just add, and I know you've thought through this is, the rehire cost, the recruiting cost
kind of far exceeds the risk of wage inflation. And so paying at market or slightly better has always been
our philosophy. And we want to keep up with market.

And we would pay more to lose an employee and then go have to recruit a replacement than a small
percentage in wage increase. And our focus, frankly, has always been about making this a great place to
work, attracting people, having them build their career here and stay with us over the long term.

Operator

At this time, we've reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I'll turn the call over to Stuart
Davis for closing remarks.

M. Stuart Davis
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Rob, I want to thank you for your assistance on this morning's call, and thank you to all the listeners and
questioners for your time this morning and your interest in Leidos. Have a great day.

Operator
Thank you, everyone. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.
Thank you for your participation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

