Leidos Holdings, Inc. NYSE:LDOS
FY 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, February 23, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.61

1.63

1.24

1.46

5.82

5.83

0.17

6.39

3390.53

3252.00

(4.09 %)

3278.70

12435.16

12297.00

(1.11 %)

13964.39

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-23-2021 12:51 PM GMT

FY 2020

CONSENSUS

5.82

ACTUAL

5.83

SURPRISE

0.17 %

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Peter Berl
Head of Investor Relations

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

David Egon Strauss
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Gavin Eric Parsons
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Gregory Arnold Konrad
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Joseph William DeNardi
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Peter J. Arment
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Seth Michael Seifman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Greetings. Welcome to Leidos Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this
conference is being recorded.

At this time, I'll turn the conference over to Peter Berl, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr.
Berl, you may begin.

Peter Berl
Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to welcome you to our fourth quarter 2020 earnings
conference call. Joining me today are Roger Krone, our Chairman and CEO; Jim Reagan, our Chief
Financial Officer; and other members of the Leidos management team.

Today, we will discuss our results for the quarter ending January 1, 2021. Roger will lead off the call with
notable highlights from the quarter as well as comments on the market environment and our company
strategy. Jim will follow with a discussion of our financial performance and our guidance expectations.
After these remarks from Roger and Jim, we'll open the call for your questions.

Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it
and, as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information
on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.

Finally, during the call, we will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between
the 2 is included in the press release that we issued this morning and is also available in the presentation
slides. The press release and presentation as well as a supplementary financial information file are
provided on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.leidos.com.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Roger Krone.

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Peter, and thank you all for joining us this morning for our fourth quarter and full year 2020
earnings conference call.

Before we close the door on last year, I'd like to take a moment to thank the approximately 39,000 Leidos
employees, our business partners and our customers for their unwavering commitment and collaboration
in light of the COVID challenges. I'm inspired by what we accomplished in the past year together and the
challenges that we will solve in this new year for the betterment of our communities and our customers'
mission.

Fourth quarter results reflect the resilience of our growing portfolio with new record levels of revenue
and backlog, coupled with margin expansion and further balance sheet optimization. This performance
positions us for above-market growth in 2021, fueled by our talented, diverse workforce who continue to
engineer and deliver technologically innovative and secure solutions for our customers' evolving needs.

Revenues for the quarter were $3.25 billion, up 10.1% from the prior year, reflecting 2 strategic
acquisitions that closed in 2020.

Q4's adjusted EBITDA of 11.3%, up 30 basis points compared to the prior year period, reflects strong
program performance and indirect cost management that delivered 8% growth on non-GAAP EPS totaling
$1.63 for the quarter.

Net bookings of $3.3 billion in the quarter resulted in a book-to-bill slightly above 1 and 1.4x on a trailing
12-month basis.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

These solid results do not reflect any material contributions from the Navy NextGen program which was
resolved in Leidos' favor late in the year, the $1.7 billion FAA NISC IV recompete award that is currently
under protest, or the $1 billion Military and Family Life Counseling award that was announced in January.
These 3 wins, coupled with a backlog that is more than 2.5x our historical annual revenue and a healthy
new business pipeline, provide us with high confidence in our growth outlook in the new year and beyond.

For the full year, we generated record revenue of $12.3 billion, an increase -- an annual increase of
10.8%.

Full year revenue delivered 10.8% adjusted EBITDA margins that yielded non-GAAP earnings per share of
$5.83. This represents 13% growth over the prior year.

Additionally, the business generated over $1.3 billion of cash from operations for the year, far exceeding
our initial 2020 guidance.

Full year net bookings of $17.8 billion contributed to a record year-end backlog position of $31.9 billion, a
year-over-year increase of over 32% or a healthy 23% after adjusting for acquired backlog.

Turning now to several significant contract actions in the quarter that position the business for significant
organic growth.

In the Defense Solutions segment, the U.S. Court of Federal Claims ruled in favor of our Navy customer's
award of the NGEN program where Leidos will unify, operate and maintain the shore-based networks and
data management for the Department of Navy's Program Executive Office Digital to improve capability
and service under one enterprise network construct. The single-award IDIQ has a 5-year base period of
performance, followed by 3 1-year option periods with an approximate value of $7.7 billion if all options
are exercised. Due to timing of the court's decision, no significant task orders were booked in the fourth
quarter.

Also in the Defense Solutions segment, the GAO denied a protest, clearing the path of the U.S. SOCOM
tactical airborne multicenter sensor platform support task order, also known as STAMP II to Leidos. Under
the contract, Leidos will provide pilot services, airborne sensor operations, hub-and-spoke operations and
excursion support as well as under -- other engineering support services in support of the programs De
Havilland Dash 8 and King Air 300 aircraft. The award has a total value of $649 million and includes a 1-
year base period of performance, followed by 4 1-year option periods.

Additionally, within the Intelligence Community, the company was awarded contracts collectively valued at
$304 million, if all options are exercised. Though the specific nature of these contracts are classified, they
encompass mission-critical services that help to counter global threats and strengthen national security.

This morning, we announced the second of 2 strategic acquisitions that occurred over the last several
months. Similar to transactions we closed in 2020, these recent deals support our strategic framework of
adding capabilities and deepening customer relationships. We expect Gibbs & Cox and 1901 Group to be
immediately accretive to non-GAAP EPS. The acquisition of Gibbs & Cox will extend our existing maritime
business and add specific capabilities and services, such as naval architecture and marine engineering, 3D
modeling and design and specialty engineering to the solutions set that we offer to our customers.

Gibbs & Cox has a rich history dating back to 1929, and their workforce is highly regarded in the industry
and across the globe. In addition to being positioned on the front end of next-generation vessels, the
business combination provides significant tailwinds for participation in the maritime unmanned market and
accelerates Gibbs & Cox' expansion in the undersea domain. We anticipate that the transaction will close in
the second quarter after the completion of regulatory reviews.

Second, in early December, we announced the strategic acquisition of 1901 Group, a leading cloud and
digital modernization as-a-service provider. The transaction is now closed. And this quarter, we welcome
the nearly 400 IT cloud and cyber specialists to the Leidos family. In addition to its deep bench of technical
talent, the company has developed a robust as-a-service delivery model that is scalable, repeatable and
affordable. As our customers continue to seek on- and off-premise managed service solutions, 1901 Group
will expand our team's ability to address this accelerating market. Organizationally, 1901 Group is aligned

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

with our defense group, and through collaboration with our CIO and CTO leadership, we are in the process
of leveraging these new capabilities across the enterprise to the benefit of our customers.

Looking to the macro environment. With the current year $740 billion NDAA passed into law, attention
now turns to the President's pending fiscal year 2022 budget recommendation, which is unlikely to put
pressure on defense industry outlays before fiscal year 2023. Given the great power competition and
leading national security issues, we do not anticipate major cuts, but rather flattish to slightly declining
budget numbers with focus on modernization and reprioritization.

Also, with projected increased focus on health care demands and civil infrastructure, particularly
transportation, we believe that our diverse portfolio of differentiated solutions is well aligned with the
administration's and our customers' highest priorities.

Next, I want to take a moment to highlight Leidos continued commitment to mental health and well-being
of both our employees and our communities, a topic that has been increasingly more front and center for
families over the past 12 months.

Approximately 3.5 years ago, we launched an initiative to do our part to tackle the opioid epidemic
and challenged other companies to do the same. These efforts organically grew to also address the
underlying contributors to substance misuse associated with mental health and well-being, including
anxiety, depression and suicidal tendencies, all exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic.

Last year, we added internal benefits and resources, for example, the offering of the Headspace app to
our employees free of charge. We also elevated the conversation in our communities through continued
engagements with the Community Anti-Drug Coalition of America, with the DEA in support of their
national take-back days and by working with the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention. In the most
recent quarter, we formed a strong relationship with the Milken Institute Center for Public Health, including
participating in multiple virtual global panels focused on addressing both mental health and substance
misuse. Additionally, Leidos participated in Out of Darkness suicide prevention virtual experiences in
Washington, D.C. and North Alabama. At both events, we raised awareness as well as critical funds
needed to address the stigma surrounding suicide. We look forward to continuing to lead and support
these critical health initiatives for our nation's citizens in this new year.

Finally, I would like to mention that Leidos, for the fourth consecutive year, has been recognized as one of
the 2021 World's Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere Institute, a global leader in defining and advancing
the standards of ethical business practices. This recognition is a testament to our employees worldwide
who embody this core value.

With that, I will turn the call over to Jim Reagan, our Chief Financial Officer, for more detail on our results
and our 2021 outlook.

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Roger, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. I'll start by providing an overview of our 2020
results for both the fourth quarter and full year followed by a review of 2021 guidance.

First, starting with revenue. Fourth quarter revenue grew 10.1% over the prior year period driven by the
acquisitions of Dynetics and the security detection and automation businesses, partially offset by 2019's
53-week year, which included a couple of additional business days in its final month. On an organic basis,
we experienced contraction of approximately 3% due to the continuation of some COVID-19 impacts
as well as the timing of customer procurements and delayed new starts, which more than offset new
program wins and on-contract growth in parts of the portfolio. Our organic growth calculation excluded the
performance of acquired businesses until a full year has passed. More details can be found on Slide 16 of
the earnings presentation, which is available on our Investor Relations website.

Full year revenue of $12.3 billion was at the lower end of our guidance range due to: one, better-than-
expected indirect cost savings that translated into lower revenue on cost-reimbursable programs; two,
the favorable decision on the Navy NextGen award, which occurred later in the quarter than previously

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

estimated; and three, timing on new contract awards and on-contract growth decisions attributable to the
ongoing effects of COVID. We expect a number of these events to become tailwinds for 2021.

Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA margins were 11.3%, 30 basis points higher than the prior year period.
Our robust margin this quarter were driven by higher margins on new programs and favorable write-ups
on existing programs due to strong program performance and reduced indirect rates.

We delivered full year adjusted EBITDA margins of 10.8%, matching the top end of guidance. This
represents our fourth consecutive year exceeding our 10% or higher long-term target.

After adjusting for the $81 million net gain from the VirnetX legal matter and our estimated COVID-19
impacts, adjusted EBITDA margins would have been 10.4%, which is comparable to our 2019
performance.

Fourth quarter non-GAAP diluted EPS of $1.63 grew $0.12 over the prior year period. Contributions from
strong program performance and increased volume on existing and new programs were the primary
drivers of the 8% growth year-over-year.

We exited the year with non-GAAP diluted EPS of $5.83, a 13% increase over 2019 and at the upper end
of our guidance range.

Cash used in operating activities was $52 million. As projected in the third quarter earnings call, the net
cash outflows were driven by the full repayment of the accounts receivable monetization facility, resulting
in 0 utilization of the facility at year-end. It is also worth noting that we completed $67 million of share
repurchases in the fourth quarter, delivering on our commitment to return value to our shareholders. Our
remaining share repurchase authorization under the program is approximately 7 million shares.

Full year operating cash flows of $1.3 billion benefited primarily from 2 nonrecurring items: the $81
million net receipt from the VirnetX legal matter and $123 million of CARES Act-deferred payroll taxes.
These items, coupled with strong balance sheet management, higher labor utilization and the accelerated
collection of receivables previously planned for 2021 drove a 34% increase over 2019, exceeding our
previous guidance for operating cash flows. And you may recall that the original 2020 guide for operating
cash flow was $1 billion.

And to recap, the stronger cash from 2021 resulted from: first, that $123 million of CARES Act payroll tax
deferral; two, net advance payments of $74 million; four -- excuse me, three, higher staff utilization of
about $70 million; and three -- four, the VirnetX cash flow issue of $81 million that was a tailwind for cash
flow in the year.

Bookings of $3.3 billion for the quarter resulted in a 1.0x book-to-bill, with record ending backlog of $31.9
billion.

For the year, we booked over $17.7 billion of net awards, reflecting a 23% increase over 2019 and driving
a 1.4x book-to-bill for the year.

And now for an overview of our segment results. Defense Solutions revenue increased 16.5% over the
prior year quarter and contracted 1.6% organically. Driving the strong growth was the Dynetics acquisition
and the ramping of new programs. This growth was partially offset by delays to new awards, such as the
Navy NGEN and STAMP II contracts, material timing and reduced volume on legacy contracts. And for the
full year, Defense Solutions grew 16.5% over 2019, including 1.7% organically.

Non-GAAP operating margins in the Defense Solutions segment of 8.9% contracted 90 basis points from
the prior year quarter. The primary drivers of this change were a reduction in program volumes and the
successful settlement of an outstanding legal matter in the fourth quarter of 2019, which drove higher
margins 1 year ago.

Defense Solutions booked over $2.3 billion in net awards, resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.2x for the quarter.
For the full year, Defense Solutions booked nearly $9 billion in net awards, a 5% increase over the prior
year and driving a 1.2x book-to-bill for the full year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

With regard to our Defense Solutions segment M&A, we are very pleased with Dynetics' contribution to the
segment. The business delivered on the annualized revenue commitment, and we are particularly pleased
with Dynetics' pro forma full year growth rate of 50% as well as the business' positioning in the new year.

In our Civil segment, revenue grew 5% over the prior year quarter and contracted 6.6% organically. The
top line growth was driven by the acquisition of the security detection and automation businesses and
new program wins. This increase was offset by reduced volumes on existing contracts and COVID 9 --
COVID-19 impacts to programs with our FAA and National Science Foundation customers.

Civil non-GAAP operating margins of 12.3% increased 30 basis points over the prior year quarter. The
primary drivers of the strong margins this quarter were product timing and mix, favorable net write-
ups due to increased cost efficiencies on certain programs and reduced indirect rates. The Civil segment
delivered full year non-GAAP operating margins of 11.7%, an 80-basis-point increase over the prior year.

Civil recorded over $700 million in net bookings for the quarter, resulting at a 0.9x book-to-bill and a 2.2x
book-to-bill for the full year.

Turning to the segment's M&A. The SD&A Business was impacted by a longer than previously expected
decline in air travel, resulting in lower revenue for the year. Despite the extended effects of the global
pandemic, we are pleased with our technology and competitive positioning as the market begins its path
to recovery during the latter half of 2021.

And finally, turning to our Health segment. Health segment revenues contracted 2.5% over the prior
year quarter. The reduction was driven by lower material purchases on certain CMS programs and new
business delays, partially offset by COVID-19 impact recoveries, particularly in our medical exam business.
On a full year basis and after adjusting for acquisition and divestiture activity, the Health segment grew
approximately 1% organically.

Our Health segment continues to be our hardest -- our highest-margin segment, generating non-GAAP
operating margins of 18.5% in the quarter, a record high. This 250-basis-point increase over the prior year
quarter was driven by favorable net write-ups due to risk avoidance on certain programs, strong program
performance on existing contracts and lower volume of business investments on a commercial IT venture.
For the full year, Health segment non-GAAP operating margins were in line with 2019, increasing 10 basis
points to 14.4%.

The Health segment saw approximately $230 million of net bookings in the quarter, driving a book-to-bill
of 0.5x, with a full year book-to-bill of 1.1x.

And before I transition to next year's guidance, I want to give you an update on where we stand versus
the 3-year financial targets that we shared with you at our 2019 Investor Day event. With 2 years now
in the books, our organic revenue growth is running at 5.5% CAGR versus the 5% target we laid out at
Investor Day. Free cash flow conversion of 127% is well ahead of our 100%-or-better target. And adjusted
EBITDA margin of 10.6% exceeds the 10% established floor.

As you may recall, we also had a $2.7 billion balanced cash deployment plan. And with 1 year to go, we've
already deployed a total of $2.2 billion. As we head into 2021, our disciplined capital allocation philosophy
remains the same. We remain committed to being appropriately levered and maintaining our investment-
grade rating, returning a quarterly dividend to our shareholders, reinvesting for growth both organically
and inorganically and returning excess cash to shareholders in a tax-efficient manner.

Now on to our 2021 guidance, which does not include the Gibbs & Cox deal that we announced this
morning. And as we've done in the past, we will provide an update at our next quarterly earnings
conference call after the receipt of regulatory approvals and deal closing.

For 2021, we expect revenue in the range of $13.7 billion to $14.1 billion, reflecting growth in the range of
11% to 15% over 2020. As we mentioned last quarter, we expect to grow more than 10% organically. This
organic growth is driven by 3 factors: the contributions from contracts that successfully cleared protests,
such as Navy NGEN and STAMP II; the accelerated recovery in our medical exam business; and growth
from acquisitions and additional new business, including our most recent Niflec win in the Health segment.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

We expect adjusted EBITDA margins of 10.3% to 10.5% for the year. After adjusting for the $81 million
net gain realized in 2020 from the VirnetX legal matter and the estimated COVID-19 impacts, 2021
adjusted EBITDA margins are consistent with 2020.

We expect non-GAAP diluted EPS between $6.15 and $6.45 on the basis of 144 million shares outstanding.

We expect operating cash flow in 2021 of at least 80 -- $850 million. This guidance reflects increased net
income in 2021 and also incorporates the partial repayment of $65 million in 2020 CARES Act payroll tax
deferrals, $50 million in burn down of the prior year's customer advances and $170 million of increased
working capital to support 2021's top line growth.

For additional context, the business has delivered 120% free cash flow conversion of net income across
the 3-year time frame of 2018 through 2020. We expect to deliver above 100% conversion across
comparable time intervals going forward.

And one other item to note. While we may utilize our accounts receivable monetization facility from time
to time for short-term or strategic actions, our 2021 operating cash flow guidance does not include any
contribution from the facility that was established in early 2020.

Now a couple of other comments to help you with modeling 2021. We expect net interest expense of
approximately $179 million excluding transaction-related expenses.

We also expect a slightly higher non-GAAP tax rate in 2021 of 22%.

Capital expenditures are targeted at approximately $170 million, a 7% decrease from 2020. As you may
recall, 2020 capital expenditures were elevated due to the real estate investment costs associated with the
build-out of our new headquarters and other real estate optimization activities. Our normalized go-forward
run rate for -- excuse me, for CapEx is targeted at below 1.5% of revenue.
And with that, I'll turn the call over to Rob so we can take some questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Joseph DeNardi with Stifel.

Joseph William DeNardi
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Jim, just so we can have an idea in terms of the SD&A business and kind of how levered that is to
recovery in commercial air passenger volumes, I mean how much of the $500 million that you're
expecting from that business was kind of service-related versus more hardware? And maybe what's your
assumption for that contribution from the business to 2021?

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Well, that business -- we don't guide by division, Joe. But what I would say is that the bulk of what you're
seeing and what we talked about is it's roughly -- half of it is driven by reduction in product sales, where
customers have deferred making orders or receipt of orders, and then roughly half of it is driven in lower
services.

And the reason for lower services is that with a lot of lanes closed, there's less machines that require
surface obviously. And customers are looking for ways to reduce their outlays on that as a lot of this is
funded by customer passenger fees and that kind of thing.

Joseph William DeNardi
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then, Roger, I want to ask this question in a way that maybe you can answer it,
but there was a proxy filed on Friday that suggests that a company of your size made an all-stock offer,
albeit at a lower price than where Perspecta ended up. I'm wondering if you could just talk about your
willingness to use a meaningful amount of equity for M&A, just kind of the overall philosophy at this point
on larger M&A.

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thanks, Joe. Of course, we don't comment on deals that don't close and deals that may be in process
or may not be. And what we have always said is we want to be smart in the market, and we want to have
dialogue with all of our competitors and potential partners. And so we have a great relationship with the
leaders in all the companies in our market space and we often have discussions. But on any particular deal
at any particular time, I have absolutely no comment.

We like our size and scale. We've said that in the past. We are really excited about the scope acquisitions
that we have made in the last now 2 years and they've significantly added to our capability. But we have
told you all and The Street is that we believe we have a responsibility to look at everything and provide
some insight into what's going on in the marketplace to -- with our management team and our Board. And
so we will take a look at everything. But you should look at the deals that closed.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan.

Seth Michael Seifman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I was wondering, I guess in terms of where sales came in this quarter, you've raised the sales guidance by
$100 million at the last earnings and kind of just -- kind of bumped up against the bottom of the range in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

the quarter. You talked a little bit about timing of procurement and delayed new starts during the prepared
remarks. I guess maybe can you elaborate on that a little bit, more where that stuff came up the most
and how you see it kind of breaking loose over the next few quarters?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Seth, let me start and talk about the programs, and then Jim can touch on numbers if he would like.
When we raised our guidance, we had Navy NextGen was in the Court of Federal Claims. And we -- Court
of Federal Claims is a little bit unpredictable, unlike the GAO process, which has a rigorous calendar and
is kind of a 99-day thing. And it was our best estimate that the court of federal claims would rule, frankly,
before the Thanksgiving holiday. I mean, at one time we thought it would actually happen in the second
week of November. That did not happen. We didn't get a ruling out of the court of federal claims until
December. So that delayed the start-up of the NextGen program by at least 1 month, maybe more.

And then the other thing that happened, with this third wave of COVID, which I think COVID is very
difficult to predict, our indirect costs went down even further as we went back to mandatory telework. And
we saw our overhead and G&A costs go down even further than we had anticipated. And because about
half of our portfolio is a cost-type contract, when we see a reduction in cost, it pulls revenue down with it.
And those were the 2 major drivers. Maybe I'll turn it over to Jim if he wants to add some more color.

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Yes. And if you want to think about the delta between kind of the midpoint of our prior guide and
where we ended up, it's roughly 4 things that are equally spread. Think of 1/4 of it being lower volumes
than we had previously forecast in the medical exam business, we thought the recovery would be a little
bit bigger there. It is the indirect rate issue, the indirect cost issue that Roger just alluded to. Then there
was about 1/4 of it was COVID-19 impacts in the Civil group. And then the rest of it, about 1/4 of it, was
just the delays in the program start-ups for NGEN and some other contract wins.

Seth Michael Seifman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Right. Okay. Okay. That's helpful. Okay. And then so like when we see in the press release, you guys talk
about the COVID impact. Is there -- is what's called out in the item in the press release, is that -- was that
more than the $12 million on the top line?

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

I'm not sure I understand your question, Seth. Could you restate it maybe?

Seth Michael Seifman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Well, yes, just like I think in the release, it talks about, for the quarter and fiscal year 2020, COVID
adversely impacted revenues by $12 million. So is that kind of what you're referring to in terms of the
COVID impacts on -- versus what you expected? Or is there -- is that sort of just an actual year-on-year
decline due to COVID and then there were other things that were supposed to happen that didn't?

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. What you see us talking about during -- when we discussed our results a few minutes ago, it's the
year-over-year declines relative to COVID. What we -- when we talk about the number versus what we
had previously forecast, obviously, that's going to be different. So you've got 2 components. One, the
year-over-year delta, but there's also the amount of business growth that we expected that got impacted
by COVID-19 as well.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Operator

Next question is coming from the line of David Strauss with Barclays.

David Egon Strauss
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

NGEN, can you give us an idea, I think you've talked about the program ramping up to $600 million plus
on an annual basis. Can you talk about what you have baked into that -- into your, I think, 10% revenue
-- organic revenue growth guide for this year in terms of that program ramping up?

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

You mean for the guide that we had for 2020 or 2021?

David Egon Strauss
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

For '21. So in other words, how fully ramped do you expect NGEN to be in that 2021 guide? And how
much do we have the benefit as you fully ramp in '22?

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

The ramp in NGEN revenue for 2021, we expect it to be ramping up, it will be about 2 to 2.5 points of
organic growth for the year. So you can think of that as being somewhere in the $250 million to $300
million range.

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Yes. And just to give you the programmatics, think about 3,000 people, about half Leidos employees.
And we have a transition period, as you do in these programs. We're in the transition period. So we really
haven't started the employee ramp-up. That will be gaining in earnest really in the second half of the year.
And we will be close to fully ramp by the end of the year, but there will still be significant growth in '22. So
you might expect another 2 to 3 points of growth from NGEN in '22 as well.

David Egon Strauss
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And Roger, you talked about your view on what happens with the defense budget
from here. Given some of the acquisitions on the defense side of things, how would you characterize your
exposure at this point, just looking at your defense business to the operations and maintenance portion of
the budget as opposed to modernization?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

What, obviously, we've been doing even within our defense group is trying to adjust our portfolio so we're
strong in the areas that we see growing. And the 1901 Group is really moving to as-a-service platform.
And we've seen even in the $1.9 trillion, the Biden administration set aside some dollars for IT. So we
continue to see IT modernization as a great place to be.

We see modernization of what we would call newer technology platforms, hypersonics, unmanned
vehicles. I mean -- and that's really what has got us excited about the one -- the deal that we announced
today.

But we always have a mix, and we've got some programs that -- where we support operations. We still
have people deployed, although it's less than 1% of the business. Our philosophy has always been to try
to balance. And again, we stay away from the large marquee platforms in the 3 services. Think of that as

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

tanks and trucks and airplanes and big, big surface ships and undersea ships. We tend to be in what we
think are the smaller, more agile, more responsive capabilities that our customers have.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Greg Konrad with Jefferies.

Gregory Arnold Konrad
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Just transferring from defense to NASA, under the new administration, maybe there's some changes or
at least a pause where they kind of figure out the path forward. Can you maybe talk a little bit about the
NASA opportunity, particularly at Dynetics, and maybe any expectations around that business?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Well, I mean, I think we're like everyone else, we're waiting for a NASA administrator to be announced.
We are enthusiastic about comments that the administration has made about the space program and
about technology and the decision to keep the space council, which we think is a leading indicator. The
space programs, both the military and NASA, have always been a source of innovation. And needless
to say, I think all of us were glued to the television over the last couple of days and watched the
Perseverance rover land on Mars and the excitement that it brought the country. So we're still very
enthusiastic about our position with NASA, which is in Dynetics. But I would remind everyone on the call is
that we have a significant NASA presence that existed before Dynetics. A lot of people don't know. We've
always made the food that goes into space out of the NASA food lab at Johnson Space Center.

Specifically about the lander program, which is I think where you'd like me to focus, we are at the
end of what we call the base space contract, where we have done a preliminary design on our lander
configuration. We have received a 2-month extension from the customer as they go about their
competitive evaluation of the 3 bidders. And then we expect that they will make an award relatively
on time, either in March or April, and that they will move forward with a lander development program
consistent with the budget that NASA has remaining in 2021 and then whatever the Biden administration
does for 2022.

Gregory Arnold Konrad
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

That's helpful. And then just a follow-up to one of the last questions around kind of the breakout of the
impact to revenues in Q4. I know you don't necessarily provide quarterly guidance. I mean, some of those
headwinds have probably lifted, some of them maybe continue through 2021. When you think about
organic growth throughout 2021, I mean is it more level loaded? Or should we see some acceleration as
stuff like NGEN ramps up in the back half of the year and maybe some of the COVID impacts become a
little bit less?

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. It's a great question. We definitely see the growth being more back-end loaded as we see some of
these recent contract wins. And the resolution of the protests gives us the opportunity to begin ramping
now in the first quarter. But it really isn't until Q3 and Q4 you're going to see the real impact of that.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen.

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

So Roger, you just did these 2 acquisitions. Maybe give us a little color in terms of how much they would
add in terms of revenues and maybe what their profitability is and kind of how they fit in.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Well, Cai, of course you know we don't do that. So we really -- they're -- they will both be in the defense
segment. There -- again, we just don't-- we don't disclose revenue and EBITDA on our deals.

And I'll come back to the strategic nature. And 1901 clearly fits with our digital transformation business,
which is very significant for us, and accelerates our ability to offer services on an as-a-service basis, which
we believe is a growing trend in the industry.

Gibbs & Cox is an exciting opportunity for us. We've learned a lot about autonomy and the Navy business.
And in our MUSV program, I think we had a very, very competitive bid, but we didn't win. And as good as
we were about the mission equipment on the autonomy, I think there were things that we learned in naval
architecture and ship design. And in the discussions with Gibbs & Cox, we're very excited about how Gibbs
& Cox brings their capability around the design of the ship and the ship systems, and we bring, if you will,
the mission equipment. And we're really excited about how that will fuel growth for our maritime business
going forward.

And Cai, we'll talk a lot more about Gibbs & Cox after closing. We're in that rather sensitive period
between signing and closing, where we're starting to file all of our regulatory filings. And so we're going to
let that get behind us, and then we'll reach out to you all and talk a little bit more about Gibbs & Cox and
its history and where we see that going.

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Got it. And then maybe you could review for us the expected COVID impact, sort of what programs are the
revenues not there because of COVID? And what are the milestones that could kind of turn those back on?

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Well, I -- Cai, this is Jim. There are a number of programs that are impacted, but I'll just review with you
some of the examples where COVID will have some impact into what we would normally see in 2021.

First, with our National Science Foundation customer, the volume of people and material that have gone
down to the ice and that are coming back, that will be lower. There's a significant construction project
that we would have been doing now that has been deferred to a later year when COVID will largely have
abated or be gone and not considered a risk of bringing COVID down to the Antarctic.

Another example is, I mean, obviously, we've talked about the impact on the SD&A Business, where while
we've had a revenue impact there, we're working to consolidate operations, get our cost synergies and get
the combined business to margins that are well above where the pro forma had been on the acquisition
date.

The other COVID impacts, we're still recovering and getting to the what would be higher-than-normal
volumes in the medical exam business. So that business has a lot of backlog to run off and that is included
in our view of 2021.

And then the places where we're not seeing a lingering impact, a significant lingering impact, is that in our
intelligence business, the customers there are largely, not 100%, but they're getting pretty close to it. And
we're pleased with where we see the volume and margin outlook in that business going. So those are a
few examples.

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Yes, Cai, I would just reiterate. We think we've taken a very thoughtful view of COVID in our guidance for
2021. And we've all learned a lot about this pandemic and how it affects the economy. And we've really,
I think, taken a very informed view of how it affects our business and our programs. And there -- we

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

could go through really 20 or 30 programs, our disability business. And there are ins and outs. There are
some tailwinds because of some things that pushed from last year to this year that we're excited about. I
mean, clearly, transportation, air travel is down and businesses associated with that will be down until the
volumes come back. I mean it's just part of the reality.

That being said, border and ports, that business seems to be going quite well. And so it is a mixed bag.
And you should just take comfort is that we have gone literally program-by-program through our portfolio
and taken a thoughtful view of the COVID impact for 2021 in our guidance.

Operator

Our next question is coming from the line of Peter Arment with Baird.

Peter J. Arment
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Roger, Jim, Peter. Can you maybe just highlight a little bit about -- I'm just looking at the Health segment,
just the margin performance there continues to be really impressive, about kind of the sustainability at
these levels. When you think of that business, just all the moving parts that are going on and also the
ramping up of the new contract there.

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Yes. Peter, the first thing that I would say is that, in our view, the margins there are sustainable.
And while the Health business didn't have what we normally see in growth there, we continue to think of
Health as being a place with above-average growth potential. And that's evidenced by our ability to win
the 2 large programs, one of which is under protest in the Health group. That will get our growth track
back to where you've seen it in the past.

And then in terms of what else we like, the margin performance historically in the Health group has
been because we're finding areas where we can apply our differentiated solution and our approach to
solving customer problems with customers who are willing to pay us for the value that we bring, and again
bringing margins that are higher than the average for the overall company.

Peter J. Arment
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And just a quick follow-up. Just on recompetes. I know this is something that you
deal with on a daily and annual basis. But is there anything you would call out thinking about -- when
you're thinking about your growth outlook for this year heading into next? Any recompetes?

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. This year, coming -- the 21-year is going to have a lot less in terms of recompetes compared to
the prior -- to 2020. If you think about -- we do have a large recompete with one of our intelligence
customers. We only have one that is -- has a contract value of over $1 billion. And the second largest
one is in Army Corps of Engineers. It's called HR3D. That contract is a little over $0.5 billion. And then we
have a number of recompetes that are kind of in the $0.5 billion range. But definitely, 2020 was a year of
recompetes, but not so much in 2021.

But with that said, we have a record pipeline. We still have a record amount of bids that are awaiting
decision by our customers, and we feel that 2021 is going to be yet another year of significant increase to
our backlog.

Operator

Next question is from the line of Gavin Parsons with Goldman Sachs.

Gavin Eric Parsons

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I appreciate all the color on the bridge, the year-over-year bridge for operating cash flow this year. But I
just wanted to ask if you have still good visibility into the, as you call, the nonrecurring recurring benefits.
I mean I think at one point for 2020, you've been thinking you could do as much as $300 million of
factoring of receivables. So is that still an option for this year? I'm just curious why it didn't include any
onetime items in guidance.

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Let me touch on some of the strategics then Jim can walk you through the details.

First, we think we understand what the Biden administration is going to do on the payroll tax deferral. And
so we put that into our guidance. There is some discussion that they may defer it. If so, that could be a
positive, about -- we have $123 million in the deferral if they decide to defer it another year, not in the
$1.9 trillion, but there's a subsequent bill that's likely to come, so that could be a nonrecurring item.

On the asset-backed program, the accounts receivable, we use that when it's advantageous based upon
cost of borrowing, right? And that's really what the facility is there for as opposed to like a revolver or
commercial paper program or using a 364-day facility. So that goes in and out depending upon that
advantageous interest rate.

But the overall cash story really was we had a great fourth quarter, and we had some advanced payments.
We got paid. We got -- had some nonrecurrings. And we far exceeded what we thought we would achieve
in fourth quarter. And as a result, some of what would have been in 2021 happened in 2020. And we tried
to take you through that reversal.

And then this 10% to 15% growth that we expect next year requires working capital. We're a capital-
light business model, but we still have working capital. And so when we grow just the difference between
liabilities and assets, requires us to fund, and that comes out of cash.

I don't know, Jim, you want to add more color?

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Just one thing on the -- what I think you used the same term we do internally here, Gavin, and that's
the recurring nonrecurrings. We can't forecast what they are. There is a VirnetX issue out there that could
come as a bluebird tailwind. We just don't know when it will come. It could be 1 year, it could be 2 years.
And so that's not in our forecast.

The other is customer advanced payments. We're 2 consecutive years now ending the year with previously
unforecast big customer advanced payment balances. And we can forecast how we're working those off,
but that could also represent some upside to operating cash flow when we look at it this time next year.

Gavin Eric Parsons
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. And then maybe I could just try Cai's question on the COVID impacts again. Just I
think you've been guiding for something like a $500 million headwind in 2020, including both the direct
impact, the delayed starts and ramps and on-contract growth that didn't materialize.

And obviously, that sets up a pretty easy comp in the back 3 quarters of the year. So just curious if growth
guidance assumes that you recoup most of that or if you -- I know you said you've taken a conservative
approach, but just curious how much of that you assume you'll actually recover in 2021 versus beyond.

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Yes. I think that our view is that -- and baked into our guidance is that there's probably about $150
million of that, $150 million, $160 million that is still unrecovered and really, in effect, pushing more to the
right. So while there might be customer requirements that push into 2021, there's still going to be more
movement of more work to the right, and that's what's implicit and how we're thinking about this.

Operator

At this time, we've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'll hand the floor back to Peter
Berl for closing remarks.

Peter Berl
Head of Investor Relations

Great. Thank you, Rob, and thank you all for your time this morning and for your interest in Leidos. We
look forward to updating you again soon. Have a great day.

Operator
Thank you. This will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you
for your participation, and have a great day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 23, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

