Leidos Holdings, Inc. NYSE:LDOS
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, February 18, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.35

1.51

11.85

1.22

4.99

5.17

3.61

5.50

2856.09

2954.00

3.43

2720.88

10970.18

11094.00

1.13

11853.28

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-18-2020 12:20 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.01

1.11

1.19

1.35

1.13

1.16

1.36

1.51

11.88 %

4.50 %

14.29 %

11.85 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Kelly P. Hernandez
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Colin Michael Canfield
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Edward Stephen Caso
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Gavin Eric Parsons
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Jonathan G. Ladewig
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Matthew Carl Akers
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Seth Michael Seifman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Tobey O'Brien Sommer
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

Unknown Analyst

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to the Leidos Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Results. [Operator Instructions] As
a reminder, this conference is being recorded. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Kelly Hernandez with
Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Hernandez.

Kelly P. Hernandez
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Rob, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to welcome you to our fourth quarter 2019 earnings
conference call.

Joining me today are Roger Krone, our Chairman and CEO; Jim Reagan, our Chief Financial Officer; and
other members of the Leidos management team.

Today, we will discuss our results for the quarter ending January 3, 2020. Roger will lead off the call with
notable highlights from the quarter as well as comments on the market environment and our company
strategy. Jim will follow with a discussion of our financial performance and our guidance expectations.
After these remarks from Roger and Jim, we'll open the call for your questions.

Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it
and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information
on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.

Finally, during the call, we will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between
the 2 is included in the press release that we issued this morning and is also available in the presentation
slides. The press release and presentation as well as supplementary financial information are provided on
the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.leidos.com.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Roger Krone.

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Kelly, and thank you all for joining us this morning for our fourth quarter and full year 2019
earnings conference call. We delivered strong fourth quarter results, including record organic revenue
growth, increasing margins and significant year-over-year non-GAAP earnings growth. Our growth and
execution momentum accelerated throughout 2019 and has continued into 2020 with significant new
program wins and the opportunity to create value from our 2 recently announced acquisitions. I am
confident that we are growing the company with the right talent, the right capabilities and the right
strategy to continue to drive value for our customers, employees and shareholders.

Revenues for the quarter were $2.95 billion, up 11.6% from the prior year and 14% organically,
reflecting broad-based strength with all of our segments growing double digits. Our top line growth was
accompanied by an increase in our adjusted EBITDA margins, which grew to 11% in the quarter, up 130
basis points compared to the prior year period. Together, these drove our non-GAAP EPS to $1.51 for the
quarter.

For the full year, we generated revenues of $11.1 billion, up 11% organically, and we expanded margins to
10.5% while growing non-GAAP earnings per share 18% to $5.17.

Growing revenues, while also increasing margins and thoughtfully deploying our cash, enabled Leidos
to achieve total shareholder return of 89% in 2019, which was the highest among our peers. Jim will go
through more detail on the results in a moment, but I would like to take this time to acknowledge our
talented employees who enabled these significant financial successes through their operational execution.
Their commitment to our customers and to our strategy was instrumental in our success and is what

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

makes Leidos the great company we are today, a great place to work, and I want to thank all of them for
their hard work during the year.

With regard to organic growth and operations, we have achieved significant success over the last few
months. We won our 2 largest recompetes, GSM-O II and Hanford as well as our largest takeaway
program to date in the award of the Navy NextGen program, which carries a ceiling value of $7.7
billion. These wins truly demonstrate the power of the scale of the organization we have built as well
as the breadth of our innovative capabilities. GSM-O II and NextGen are both incredibly complex
digital transformation programs for 2 of our nation's most important networks, the DoD and the Navy,
respectively. We are proud to have been entrusted with this responsibility and are confident we will
provide the DoD, our sailors and marines around the world, with the tools they need to gain a war-fighting
edge in the modern digital landscape.

Combined, these programs alone and for GSM-O II and NextGen, have provided us with more than $18
billion in single-award IDIQ ceiling value and 8 to 10 years of visibility, further strengthening our business.
With 2 of these -- while 2 of these programs have been protested, we expect those protests to be resolved
in the second quarter. We have a good track record on winning defensive protests. And if we are able to
extend that track record and successfully defend these wins, work would begin by the start of the third
quarter.

Due to the protests and the IDIQ structure, these wins have not benefited our bookings at all yet. That
said, beyond these notable wins, our business development engine continues to extend its period of strong
performance, with $3 billion of net bookings in the fourth quarter, bringing the total full year net bookings
to $14.5 billion. We exited the year with more than $24 billion of total backlog, a record level, and more
than twice our annualized revenue run rate.

Beyond our organic operational execution, we have also been successful on the M&A front. In the recent
months, we entered into agreements for 2 acquisitions that will help us to accelerate the execution of our
strategy. First was Dynetics, which we announced in December and closed at the end of January; and the
second was L3Harris' Security Detection and Automation business, which we announced in early February.
This builds on our acquisition of IMX in 2019, which is now part of our healthcare business.

We have disciplined acquisition criteria that we've talked about before, and we're pleased to acquire these
strategically important properties that fit well within the company and were acquired at prices that made
sense. These acquisitions helped to broaden our portfolio of products and services in high-growth, high-
margin areas, further expanding the scale of the business. We believe these transactions will position the
company on a higher growth curve and yield significant positive value for our customers and shareholders
over the long term. I am proud of all those at the company who collectively helped to drive successful
agreements for all of these acquisitions. This momentum in both organic and inorganic growth is due to
calculated strategic initiatives we have undertaken throughout the organization.

Throughout 2019, we elevated our business development organization and processes to successfully
leverage the scale of the organization and the innovation embodied in our technical capabilities, allowing
us to repeatedly and efficiently write successful proposals and win new contracts. We deepened our
collaboration and partnership with our customers by engaging them early and providing them with
innovative solutions to solve their mission challenges. We invested in our people through improved
benefits, more training and development opportunities and increased flexibility, which enabled us to beat
our hiring targets and cultivate a deep bench of highly talented leaders to advance our organization.

As a company, we have rallied around driving growth without sacrificing margin, converting profits to cash
and then thoughtfully deploying that capital in a balanced manner to drive shareholder value. To that
end, we deployed nearly $1 billion of capital in 2019, roughly 70% of which was returned to shareholders
through share repurchases and dividends, with about 10% used for M&A and the remainder for CapEx and
mandatory debt payments. This balanced approach is consistent with the capital allocation plan we laid out
at our May Investor Day.

Also, in accordance with what we have said in the past, with our net leverage ratio estimated to be at
about 3.7x post-closing of the Security Detection and Automation transaction, we will pivot our capital

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

deployment initiatives to focus on debt reduction until this net leverage ratio, again, approaches our target
level of 3.0. We anticipate reaching that level in the first quarter of 2021.

As we look to 2020, we are focused on successfully executing all of the opportunities we have captured
in 2019. From an organic perspective, we have significant wins in each of our businesses that we are
committed to executing well. While some are recompetes, all of them will require us to continue to bring
innovation to our customers and a fresh perspective focused on effectively and securely delivering their
missions.

On the takeaway work, we are focused on starting off on a great foundation, ramping our recruiting efforts
to ensure we have the talent to commit to the contracts and successfully executing those programs to
deliver on all of our commitments.

With respect to our inorganic initiatives, there are 2 sets of activities underway. First, on the Dynetics
acquisition, we are pleased to welcome the 2,300 employees from Dynetics to the Leidos family. Dave
King, the CEO of Dynetics, will continue to lead the business, which is now the fifth business group within
the company. The Dynetics business will be consolidated into our Defense Solutions segment for external
reporting purposes. Dave will serve as Group President, and he's been appointed as the newest member of
the executive leadership team.

Additionally, we have appointed a leader for the Integration Management Office, or IMO, for this
transaction, who will be supported by representatives from each of the functional areas. This cross-
functional team will ensure that Leidos business processes are followed and that Dynetics business
systems are properly connected with the Leidos corporate systems, leveraging the strengths of both
businesses in these efforts. Our integration activities will largely focus on knowledge sharing between
Dynetics and Leidos in order to support new opportunity development.

Second, regarding the recently announced pending acquisition of L3Harris' Security Detection and
Automation businesses, once the acquisition has closed, these businesses will be combined with our
existing security products business, which resides within our Civil group. We anticipate the integration
activities for this transaction will be more extensive than those of either Dynetics or IMX. However, they
will be significantly less than our prior IS&GS transaction, where we demonstrated our ability to integrate
successfully. We have already identified a preliminary set of activities and key leaders that would drive the
cost and revenue efficiencies we previously discussed as being a key aspect of the transaction. We have a
great playbook from the IS&GS transaction, the Leidos business framework, that will drive the actions and
activities needed to fully integrate the business.

From a macro perspective, we see 2020 as an extension of the strength we saw in 2019. Outlays are
projected to continue to rise at least through fiscal year 2020, '22, given the large prior year unobligated
balances. DoD's investment accounts, procurement and R&D continue at historically high levels. The top
technology priorities are consistent with last year's, with strong emphasis on space, hypersonics, cyber
and electronic warfare and are directly aligned with our growth initiatives and technical capabilities.

The President's fiscal year '21 budget request was released last week. The request sets discretionary
spending levels at $741 billion, including overseas contingent operations for defense, roughly flat with
the prior year. Our initial review of the available material shows budget increases directly aligned to
our areas of strength: cyber, artificial intelligence, hypersonics and space. The budget request of $590
billion for nondefense represents about a 10% decline from the prior year. While the agencies we have
exposure to are far less impacted by the proposed cuts, the Democratic-led house is unlikely to accept
significant decline in the nondefense agencies. We expect negotiations on an agency level -- on agency
level appropriations to take place over the next few months and likely conclude by the summer.

Overall, we are encouraged by the visibility and priorities defined by the budgets and expect to benefit
from that at least through the next couple of years.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim Reagan, our Chief Financial Officer, for more details on our results
and our 2020 outlook.

James C. Reagan

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Roger, and thanks to everyone for joining us on the call today. Leidos achieved record results
in 2019, and this strong momentum has continued so far into the first couple of months of 2020.

Starting first with revenue. We achieved 14% organic growth in the fourth quarter, which was driven
broadly by the ramp-up of new program wins in all of our businesses. In addition to this, during the
quarter, we benefited from the impact of a couple of extra working days driven by the effect of the 53-
week year. The 11% adjusted EBITDA margins in the quarter, a record for the company, reflect a few key
items I want to note.

First, the primary driver is our strong program execution. This is one of those items that doesn't typically
get a lot of attention, but across the company, our employees' commitment to our customers and to
the missions we help them perform, is at the heart of our strong program performance. Consistency in
delivering on our commitments, and in many cases, going above and beyond to ensure our customers are
successful, is recognized and rewarded by our customers both through award fees, but also through new
program awards that we believe will help continue this momentum.

Second, as we've alluded to on prior calls, as new program wins mature, margin increases. Throughout
the year, many of the new programs that had impacted margins earlier in the year continued to mature,
enabling us to improve margins in the fourth quarter to the highest margin level during the year and as I
said, in the company's history.

Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.51 in the quarter drove the full year non-GAAP earnings to
$5.17, exceeding the top end of our guidance range.

Fourth quarter non-GAAP EPS grew 37% from the prior period, reflecting the revenue growth and
increased margins as well as a reduction in share count of 6 million shares resulting from our share
repurchase activity during the year, including 25 million in the fourth quarter.

Cash flow from operations in the quarter was $169 million, driving our full year number to $992 million,
again, considerably above our guidance.

After adjusting for CapEx of $121 million in the year, we converted 116% of our non-GAAP net income
to free cash flow. As we've said in the past, our target here is 100%. And occasionally, we will over or
underperform relative to that, primarily driven by the timing of advanced payments.

In 2019, as we've mentioned on prior calls, we benefited from approximately $100 million of advanced
payments from customers. We expect these to reverse in 2020, and we will talk more about them when
we get to guidance.

Business development results for the quarter and the year were also very strong. At the consolidated
level, we exited the year with a record backlog level of $24.1 billion and a trailing 12-month book-to-bill of
1.3. All of our segments generated book-to-bills for the year north of 1.0, with Health being the strongest
at 1.6x. As Roger indicated, these results do not reflect the recent wins that are under protest.

Now let me share some comments on our segment results. Revenues in the Defense Solutions segment
accelerated throughout the year, exiting at a 10.7% growth rate in the fourth quarter compared to the
prior year. This growth and acceleration primarily reflects the ramp of new takeaway programs such as
ACC ISR and a great job of driving on-contract growth on GSM-O and several other classified programs.
The business also benefited a bit from seasonally higher materials purchases in the fourth quarter.

Non-GAAP operating margins in our Defense Solutions segment increased to 9.9%, up 220 basis points
from the prior year quarter and 190 basis points sequentially. The increase was driven by program
write-ups that reflect strong program performance, as I indicated earlier. The margins also reflect an
approximate 70 basis point benefit from a reserve release that was associated with the successful
settlement of an outstanding legal matter.

As we look to 2020, similar to what we saw in our Civil segment in late '18 and early '19, the large volume
of expected new program ramps, including GSM-O II and Navy NextGen, is likely to dampen margins

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

in this segment temporarily. In our Civil segment, revenues in the fourth quarter grew 16.2% over the
prior year. This reflects the continued ramp of program wins from late 2018 and beyond, including NASA
NEST, DOE NETL and the FAA Future Flight Service Program, or FFSP, and a high level of security product
shipments. We also benefited from higher volumes in our Hanford and Antarctic support programs,
reflecting typical seasonality. Volumes in these programs are more weighted in the second half of the year,
and we expect the same pattern in 2020.

Civil segment non-GAAP operating margins of 11.4% in the quarter reflect a significant nearly 400 basis
point improvement sequentially and a 160 basis point improvement over the prior year. As you may recall
from the third quarter, margins reflected a write-down on some receivables on an overseas program and
that we anticipated a recovery to more normal programs that we now see in the fourth quarter. The fourth
quarter is also when the majority of our gain share is recognized on our LCST program in the U.K., and
this drove an incremental benefit in the quarter as well.

Turning now to our Health segment. Fourth quarter results were strong here across all metrics. Revenue
grew nearly 14% organically, adjusting for the divestiture of the commercial health business, which closed
in the third quarter. Revenue growth was driven by higher volumes in our disability exam business, the
ramp-up of a recent award with CMS for end user-centric IT support or ECIS as well as the continued ramp
of DHMSM deployment activity.

Non-GAAP operating margins remained well north of our target at 16%, driven by strong operational
performance across the segment, including increased contributions from one of our more nascent
businesses, digital health solutions, where we were having increased success selling the broader
company's suite of digital transformation capabilities into the commercial health market. We continue to
expect normalized margins in this business in the mid -- or the low to mid-teens. And as we've said, there
will be some quarters that deviate from that, driven by program mix and volume.

Overall, 2019 was a great year, not just for the operational and financial successes that our team has
delivered, but for the $14.5 billion of net new bookings and more than $18 billion of new single-award
IDIQ ceiling awarded to the company. These successes as well as the M&A transactions that we've
highlighted, will position us for continued growth and success in 2020 and beyond.

Now on to our guidance for 2020. We recognize that there are a lot of moving parts between the
acquisitions and the recent large program wins, so we will try to be a little bit more descriptive in our
commentary.

First, we expect revenue in the range of $12.6 billion to $13.0 billion, reflecting growth of 13% to 17%
from the prior year. And we've included approximately $900 million of Dynetics revenue and in this
guidance range for the prior year, in line with our prior expectation, where we've prorated it for the
effective closing date of January 31. We've also embedded an expectation that our run rate on Hanford
and GSM-O will continue at their historic run rates despite these awards being in protest. We've included a
minimal level of contribution from NGEN, allowing for some potential downside risk, reflecting the potential
for future protests.

We expect adjusted EBITDA margins of 10.0% to 10.2% for the year. After adjusting for the $54 million
benefit realized in 2019 from the payment from the Greek government, this reflects up to 20 basis
points of improvement in 2020. We expect non-GAAP EPS between $5.30 and $5.65 on the basis of 144
million shares outstanding, flat with fourth quarter levels. As we've indicated, we're pivoting our capital
deployment initiatives to debt reduction rather than share repurchase until we get our target net leverage
ratio close to 3.0x. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance includes approximately $0.20 of accretion from our
Dynetics acquisition.

We expect operating cash flow of at least $1 billion. This includes a minor contribution from the Dynetics
acquisition as the earnings benefit in the first year will be partially offset by transaction and integration
costs. These costs, which we disclosed previously, are expected to be approximately $40 million in 2020.

As I indicated earlier, operating cash flow for 2020 reflects the impact of an approximately $100 million
reversal of advanced payments received in 2019. We've also implemented an accounts receivable

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

monetization program for approximately $200 million of our receivables. This further progresses our
balance sheet optimization goals. We remain committed to operating with a lean balance sheet, and where
appropriate, monetizing underperforming assets.

Now a couple of other comments to help you with modeling 2020. We expect interest expense of
approximately $170 million, excluding transaction-related expenses. We are also expecting a slightly
higher non-GAAP tax rate in 2020 of 23%. We expect to incur $170 million of capital expenditures in 2020.
Now this includes $30 million of real estate-related investment associated with the build-out of our new
headquarters and other real estate optimization activities. This is the last year where we expect material
real estate-related investment. Our normalized go-forward run rate for CapEx should be about 1.0% of
revenue, including the impact from the Dynetics business.

To wrap up, we exited the year with strong momentum and tailwinds and a group of 36,000 employees
committing -- committed to delivering innovative solutions to our customers, driving value for our
shareholders and executing on our commitments.
And with that, I'll turn the call over to Rob to take some questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Matt Akers with Barclays.

Matthew Carl Akers
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Thanks for the color on margins and some of the program mix between mature and new stuff. I guess
could you just talk about how you sort of think of the long term? You talked about a 10%-plus EBITDA
margin. Is that the right way to think of it? Or are these new acquisitions are a little bit accretive, so that
could potentially be a little bit higher?

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Well, Matt, thanks for the question. I think that this year, particularly as we close out 2019, we're seeing
the benefit of strong program performance, and that's put some nice upward pressure on margins. And
clearly, the 2 businesses that we've acquired or in the process of acquiring, in the case of the Security
Products and Automation businesses, they will also be accretive to our margin profile. So I think that over
time, as we combine the strong operational execution, getting some revenue and operating synergies out
of the acquired businesses, I think that you're going to see us moving the margin expectation upward.

Matthew Carl Akers
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Got it. Makes sense. And then I guess, could you touch on kind of the long-term cash from operation
guidance? You've talked about the $2.7 billion 2019 to '21. I think you're already at about $2 billion
through 2020. What's the kind of right way to think about that going forward?

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Well, yes, that 3-year horizon that we talked about before, we certainly were pleased with our progress on
that. I think that because of the advance payment that we mentioned that will be reversing in 2020, that's
a bit of a short-term cash flow headwind. That's going to be offset by the fact that we're monetizing about
$200 million of our receivables with a very low-cost facility that will allow us to show some offsetting uplift
in operating cash flow for the year.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.

Unknown Analyst

This is actually [ Ellen ] on for Sheila. So with contracts such as GSM-O and Navy NextGen, which points
to your cloud capability, is there any way to frame what the advantages are in this market? And any other
opportunities there are to deploy this capability for the Army, Air Force or other customers?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Yes. [ Ellen ], thanks for joining us. I think our position in that digital landscape is close to the customer in
helping the customer utilize the capabilities of the cloud and digital transformation, things like software-
defined networks and virtualization. And there is opportunity to bring that -- those digital transformation
capabilities to other customers, Army, Air Force, frankly, some of the other federal agencies as well. And
as we've said before, we're really cloud provider agnostic, and we're that value-added layer that allows
our customers to really modernize and drive efficiency into their day-to-day operations. And so it's been

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

a great growth market for us. And we see it rolling into our healthcare business, our commercial energy
business, and it's been part of our growth engine.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen and Company.

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Good quarter. So if we look at the margins, you mentioned lower initial margins on NextGen and GSM-
O. Two questions. One, when do you expect -- I mean, do you still expect those to reach the corporate
average in a couple of years as they mature? And secondly, given those will be below average margins,
are there any other areas -- well, what are the other areas that maybe are a little bit stronger to get you
home to the 10%-plus adjusted EBITDA total?

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Cai, thanks for the question. When we think of how we want -- how we manage the business internally,
we manage the thousands of contracts and programs that we have as a portfolio. And we bid things like
Navy NextGen, GSM-O, with a view that as we begin the process of innovating for a new contract, we're
going to make those investments, with a view that they would get at or above the company average as
they continue to mature beyond the first or second year of the program. So if you think about -- and I
would just give you some examples. The margin on a program like NASA NEST, which was a takeaway win
for us last year, that is already beginning to move upward from that early phase of where we're investing.
And so the larger programs like that typically do have lower margins early on. And some of the reserve
releases that we've talked about, some of the write-ups that we've had in the fourth quarter are, in fact,
from programs that are maturing and give us the capability to tick up on the profit recognition ratios we
have there.

And again, it's a function of a lot of programs. And I gave you one example in NASA of where the margins
escalate over time.

Operator

Our next question is coming from the line of Edward Caso with Wells Fargo.

Edward Stephen Caso
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Congrats on the numbers here. Curious you seem -- Roger, you seem more positive on the budget process
this year, if I heard right. Is there some reason for that, particularly as we go into an election year? And
also, if you could talk about your expectation for any cyclical activity and award announcements, plus or
minus the election.

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thanks, Ed, and thanks for joining us. Yes, we've looked back at history and the end of a first term in
the White House and there is a reason to kind of get the budget done before we enter the election cycle
in the fall. And as we are up on the Hill and talking to authorizers and appropriators certainly at the staff
level, they are working hard to get the rest of the budgets complete. I think the President has now set the
top level, there seems to be broad agreement at the top level. And now the staffs have to do the work,
you get the budgets done.

And I just -- I don't see a lot of appetite for having the budget process roll through the election season. By
the way, there are people who -- there are other people who think we'll be in a CR through the end of the
year. But I'm more optimistic than that.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

We do know that we are in what I think is the 130th month of economic expansion in the United States,
right? I think the largest period of expansion since the Great Depression. And I think all of us in business
look at that with a careful eye and thinking, okay, what could be out in front of us? We look at the
coronavirus. We keep our eye on interest rates. And -- but the economy is running well, and we continue
to see economic growth. But I think we're all being thoughtful. And that's why clearly, at Leidos, we are
more conservative in our balance sheet, and we like to stay away from the high leverage. And that way, if
we were to see interest rates increase, we would be protected and insulated against that.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Tobey Sommer with SunTrust.

Tobey O'Brien Sommer
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

As you look at managing the business beyond just the kind of current horizon and maybe think about
several years from now, what are the risks associated with higher-margin future acquisitions if margins
continue to march higher from this relatively high place here in the fourth quarter over the next 2 or 3
years?

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Tobey, it's an interesting question. I think that if I understand your question right, it's what is the risk
that there could be some interruption in what we view as an environment where we have opportunity
to gradually increase margin? And I think that for us, it is more an issue of continued execution. And
by continuing to execute well on the existing programs that we have and combine that with realizing
the opportunity from the acquisitions that we're making, where we think that there is some margin
expansion opportunity that's accretive to the overall company, I think that we simply have to execute on
the acquisitions that we've made consistent with the playbook that we used when we acquired the IS&GS
business and drove 200 basis points of margin expansion out of that.

Now I don't want to -- I don't want to make it sound like we're setting the bar for that on the deals that
we've -- that we're doing now, but we certainly believe that there's some opportunity that we can execute
on there.

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Tobey, I would add to that. Because of our success and how we've grown, there may be people
who feel like we have to bid on a broad array of programs, even if they don't meet our expectations for
return. And I would simply point out is that even at the size we are today, we have the opportunity to
pick and choose what we go after. And as we have said in prior calls, we're being really thoughtful about
which businesses we bid on. And if we don't see the potential for kind of our corporate average return on
a program, we have the strength and the will to not bid those programs. And therefore, we feel pretty
confident that we can maintain the margins at a current level and then maybe hopefully improve those
with some performance.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan.

Seth Michael Seifman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Good quarter. Just looking at the guidance midpoint on the organic side, it looks like maybe it's kind
of 6 to 7-ish in terms of what's baked in there. If you could give us a little help, maybe not the exact
guidance, but just kind of slotting the segments relative to that midpoint and talking about what might be
the potential areas for upside if you were to outperform.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Seth, this is Jim Reagan. I think that, first of all, we -- as you know, we don't issue guidance by
segment. But to your first question, you can think about the organic growth implied by our guidance
range at being about 7%. And that we feel good about the growth that we've experienced across all of
the segments of our business in 2019. And because we've had book-to-bills north of 1.0 for all of our
segments, all of our businesses, we remain confident that we'll have strong growth across all of our
business segments in 2020.

Seth Michael Seifman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. And then, I guess, when you look at the award opportunities in 2020, I guess, what stands out to
you as kind of the major opportunities coming up for this year?

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Well, the lion's share of the growth that we're expecting to experience in 2020 is going to be on the
recent program wins. And particularly, in the back end of the year, we've indicated there's going to be the
beginning of the ramp-up of the NGEN program. And the on-contract growth that we've experienced in
2019, which was a significant part of our ability to grow the business in addition to wins from 2018, things
like NASA NEST or the Army Corps of Engineers, IT modernization program, we've had strong growth in
Health off of the digital health solutions business. Those are the kinds of programs that we think are going
to continue to be growth drivers into 2020.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Joe DeNardi with Stifel.

Jonathan G. Ladewig
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

This is Jon on for Joe. I guess the first question I have is around DHMSM. Can you kind of update us on its
contribution to organic growth in the quarter? And your expectations for the program going into 2022 --
excuse me, 2020.

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Again, a detailed program performance and growth rates by quarter, we're not accustomed to giving
it. But look, I think it's fair to say that you can think of the growth rate that we've experienced in 2019,
about 1 point of that has been because of the uptick in revenues on our DHMSM program for the Defense
Health Agency. The growth rate there in the coming year is going to be not quite as strong, but still, the
program is continuing on an upward trajectory.

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Yes, I would just add, we're now at the point on the program where we're essentially -- have 4 waves in
process. So we're starting 1 and completing 1. Today, we're going from Wave Travis, all the way to the
Coast Guard pilot. And so we expect to keep that pace now for a considerable period of time while we roll
out the program and put the new electronic healthcare record system at all of the DHA installations.

Jonathan G. Ladewig
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

You also talked a lot about scale and the advantages of scale for Leidos, especially with some of these
new wins. Can you just kind of touch on what exactly is the scale advantage that you're enjoying today?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

And why it's different today versus in the past, say, when you look at old SAIC? What are you guys doing
differently now that couldn't be done or wasn't being done back then?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

We've always talked about scale in a couple of buckets. We're still very people-oriented, very much a
people company. And our size and scale allows us to recruit in more colleges to have more job fairs, to
spread more broadly. And that is really, really important. And attracting people at college level, midlevel
and at the senior levels has really allowed us to fuel our growth. The scale -- and we talked about, this is
a major reason why we did the Lockheed deal 3.5 years ago was it brought a whole set of new customers,
which broadened and diversified our portfolio. And we see that happened again and again every time we
do some, we win a new program or we have the inorganic growth.

We're thrilled with the broadening of our technical differentiation and the capabilities that we have. And
what scale allows us to do is to spend our internal R&D money to invest and differentiate those capabilities
and then something kind of unique to the government contracting business that maybe commercial
customers don't quite understand. But to bid on opportunities in our space, you need to have what we call
past performance qualifications, which means you need to have already done that kind of work, either for
the same customer or for a similar customer.

And if you don't have that in your portfolio, oftentimes, you're not even allowed to submit a proposal. And
with our broader portfolio, we have past performance quals and something called IDIQ contract vehicles,
which is a nuance in our industry I won't go into. But we have a lot more of the qualifications that allow
us to participate in these broader markets. And we've seen, since the IS&GS acquisition, that all of these
have contributed to our top line growth.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Gavin Parsons with Goldman Sachs.

Gavin Eric Parsons
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Given you come off 10% organic last year, I think you've said 7% next year. Obviously, you've derisked
with a lot of recompete wins. You've got some takeaways. You've got these acquisitions that should be
accretive to organic growth. It wasn't too long ago that you kind of guided a 5% organic CAGR going
forward on the 2019 to '21. So just curious if you have any updated thoughts there. Or what's led to such
strong outperformance just in '19 alone? And just anything going forward there?

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Well, there's a couple of things, Gavin. One of them is we've done a great job this year of hiring. And
we were -- when we were setting our guidance out a year ago, we were thinking of the ability to hire as
being a governor, and we've made that a new core competency of the business.

The second is on contract growth. We've done a lot to train our teams to help customers by selling into
existing vehicles, help them broaden the kind of mission areas that we address. And then the other thing
is that the -- we have a couple of businesses and really a couple of large contracts that are winding
down in the coming year, which are going to be a bit of a headwind in the backdrop of some really strong
business development performance in acquiring new and takeaway wins this year.

So I think that it's fair to say that at a midpoint of 7% organic growth, we're being pretty careful in how
we measure our ability to continue that string of success and ramp up the new program wins really fast.

Gavin Eric Parsons
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

That's helpful color. And then maybe just trying to scale from a bit of a different angle. I mean are you
seeing that customer structurally shift to larger contracts, whether it be put more in kind of, say, GSA or
large IDIQs? Is that a structural shift that you stand to benefit from?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Yes, Gavin, I think we see that in some customers, and then we see other customers who take a large
program like the old NMCI. In the Navy, they actually broke that contract into a hardware and a software
services and architecture program in the Navy, so we won. It's called [ SMITY ] NGEN program, which
is the nonhardware port -- part of the old NMCI and another contractor won the hardware. I think each
agency looks at their portfolio. And although I think there is a tendency to aggregate, there also will be
times when they say, "Okay, maybe we've reached a level of scale, and we want to have more players."
And they just aggregate. So yes, I think in the life cycle, we see both and not necessarily a trend one way
or the other.

What you do see in the way we behave, because of what we've done with the company, we tend to look
for larger opportunities, and it's interesting. It almost costs you as much money to write, say, a $250
million proposal as it does to write $1 billion proposal. And if we can take the same resources and pursue
larger opportunities, we can be more efficient in the dollars that we spend -- we call it our new business
fund spend. And so we have been doing that over the last couple of years.

Gavin Eric Parsons
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then just quickly offhand, do you have your 2020 or 2021 recompete rate?

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

We don't issue or we don't disclose the recompete win rates or, for that matter, for new business or
takeaways. What we have said in the past, and it continues to be true is that our win rates on all those
categories are well above -- or above 50%. This year, the recompetes are going to contribute about 20%
of our -- the things that are being bid in the coming year will be responsible for about 20% of our overall
revenue.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Jon Raviv with Citi.

Colin Michael Canfield
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

It's Colin Canfield on for Jon. Just going back to the comment before about new programs versus segment
average margin. Can you just discuss a little bit the assumptions that you guys have with respect to the
geography of labor? And how you guys are able to offset some of the costs of that by distributing the labor
to kind of noncore areas?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Let's see, I think you asked -- let me answer the question I want to answer. But although we have a
customer concentration in the national capital region and there are some contracts that require us to
perform work within a certain geographical radius of those customers, we have had success in moving
work outside of these sort of dense economic areas to places where the job market is better. And we have
been doing that over the past couple of years, and we continue to do that in '19 and in '20. And we have
built new facilities. We call them centers of excellence in software development. We kind of refer to them
as software factories. But open planned new buildings in places around the country, near major research,
colleges and universities that have outstanding computer science programs, and we have enjoyed success

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

in capturing students and graduate students and allowing them to participate in our secure DevOps
process and our Agile software development.

And I think that has been really, really successful for us. And we have seen some signs open up down the
street with some of our competitors' names on them. So I think it is a trend that we're seeing within the
government contracting space.

Colin Michael Canfield
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

And then in terms of the larger contracts, right, where you guys are doing both software and hardware,
can you just talk a little bit about, say, for example, NGEN, right, and getting to the company
average margin by year 2? Can you just talk a little bit about the like risks with regards to hardware
implementation that might affect that comment?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Well, in the Navy NextGen, they actually split the contract into 2 pieces. There's a hardware contract,
which we didn't participate in. I think it was won by HP, and they will provide the hardware. And unlike
our NASA NEST program, where we did both, and we actually brought the hardware anyway to buy
some existing hardware and do a technology refresh. On the Navy NextGen program, we don't have that
hardware component in our contract. Ours is around architecture and transforming the network. And so
there's really -- there's no pass-through. There's really no hardware implementation risk. And oftentimes,
in government contracting, if you're simply passing through hardware, sometimes you're not allowed to
put a fee on that. Sometimes, the fee rate is less. And that is not the case on our Navy NextGen contract.

Operator

At this time, I'll turn the floor back to Kelly Hernandez for closing remarks.

Kelly P. Hernandez
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Rob. Thank you all for your time this morning and for your interest in Leidos. We look forward
to updating you again soon. Have a great day.

Operator
This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your
participation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 18, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

