Leidos Holdings, Inc. NYSE:LDOS
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, May 05, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.23

1.19

(3.25 %)

1.30

5.50

6.34

Revenue  (mm)

2899.63

2890.00

(0.33 %)

3104.47

12741.29

14008.47

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-04-2020 10:29 AM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.11

1.19

1.35

1.23

1.16

1.36

1.51

1.19

4.50 %

14.29 %

11.85 %

(3.25 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Peter Berl;Head of Investor
Relations

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Edward Stephen Caso
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jonathan Phaff Raviv
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Matthew Carl Akers
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Robert Michael Spingarn
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Seth Michael Seifman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Sheila Karin Kahyaoglu
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Greetings. Welcome to Leidos First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that
this conference is being recorded.

At this time, I'll turn the conference over to Peter Berl, Investor -- with Investor Relations. Mr. Berl, you
may begin.

Peter Berl;Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, Rob. And good morning, everyone. I'd like to welcome you to our first quarter 2020 earnings
conference call. Joining me today are Roger Krone, our Chairman and CEO; Jim Reagan, our Chief
Financial Officer; and other members of the Leidos management team.

Today, we will discuss our results for the quarter ending April 3, 2020. Roger will lead off the call with
notable highlights from the quarter as well as comments on the market environment and our company
strategy. Jim will follow with a discussion of our financial performance and our guidance expectations.
After these remarks from Roger and Jim, we'll open the call for your questions.

Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based on the environment as we currently see it
and as such, does include risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our press release for more information
on the specific risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.

Finally, during the call, we will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation
between the two is included in the press release that we issued this morning and is also available in the
presentation slides. The press release and presentation as well as supplementary financial information file
are provided on the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.leidos.com.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Roger Krone.

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Thank you all for joining us this morning for our first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. These are
challenging for times all of us, and I sincerely hope that each of you and your families are both safe and
healthy.

First quarter results demonstrate the resiliency of our business as evidenced by strong pro forma organic
revenue growth across all business segments, significant bookings and a new record backlog position.
While the COVID-19 pandemic presented some late quarter headwinds, we are confident that the critical
nature of our work coupled with our early business contingency planning will mitigate any long-term
impacts.

In the quarter, the business delivered revenue of $2.89 billion (sic) [ $2.9 billion ] reflecting 12.1% growth
from the prior year. Adjusting for acquisitions and divestiture activity, the pro forma organic growth rate
was 8.2%, demonstrating the continued conversion of our successful business development campaigns to
revenue.

We delivered non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.19, up 5.3% from the prior year. We generated
$372 million of cash from operations and ended the quarter with a strong cash balance of $445 million.
Net bookings of $5.5 billion yielded a book-to-bill of 1.9 for the quarter, a significant achievement
compared to our historical pattern. With several recent favorable protest resolutions on single-award
IDIQs, we expect additional bookings as incremental task orders are awarded against these vehicles later
in the year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Adjusted EBITDA margin of 9.3% was lower than prior year. Primary factors were late quarter COVID-19
headwinds and a charge related to an international receivable. The impact of COVID-19 in the first quarter
was approximately $50 million in revenue and $9 million in non-GAAP operating income.

As discussed during the fourth quarter earnings call, we closed the Dynetics acquisition back on January
31. The integration activities are progressing as planned. On a pro forma basis, Dynetics delivered
approximately 30% top line growth in the quarter, demonstrating that business' strength in fast-growing
strategic areas such as hypersonics, space exploration and unmanned systems.

Just last week, Dynetics was awarded one of 3 prime contracts by NASA under the Artemis program to
develop a human landing system through the preliminary design phase. Our contract consists of 2 phases:
a 10-month base period for preliminary design valued north of $250 million, followed by a down-select to
2 contractors for a 4-year option period to build and send a lander to the moon. This win will be captured
in our second quarter bookings and backlog.

Following the theme of M&A activity, yesterday, we announced the closing of the acquisition of L3Harris'
security detection and automation businesses. We are excited about what this acquisition means for our
future in the high-growth, ever-expanding global security market.

While COVID-19 is causing a temporary impact on airlines and airport traffic volumes, the lower traffic
scenarios are actually causing many airports to consider pulling in upgrades and maintenance activity
during this unseasonably slow-traffic period. After a careful review of first quarter results and the
business's pipeline, including recent discussions with key customers and prospects, we remain confident
that this transaction will create significant value for Leidos, our customers and our shareholders. We
welcome the 1,200 employees to the Leidos family and look forward to updating you on our integration
and synergy activities over time.

We continue to expect this acquisition to be accretive to revenue growth, adjusted EBITDA margins and
earnings this year. Jim will provide more details on this later in his remarks.

As of today, reflecting both acquisitions, our estimated net leverage ratio is 3.7x. As we have stated
consistently in the past, our target net leverage ratio is 3.0x. And as such, our capital deployment
philosophy will prioritize debt reduction until we approach that level while sustaining our quarterly
dividend and funding important capital and R&D investments to continue to drive growth.

From an organic growth perspective, I'd like to highlight a couple of notable programs from the quarter
that reflect the successful defense of 2 protests in our Defense Solutions segment and 1 in our Civil
segment. In all 3 cases, Leidos is the incumbent. The first is the Global Solutions Management -
Operations or GSM-O II contract, where we continue to manage a series of networks and computer
systems that serve as the backbone of the Department of Defense's command-and-control systems. This
10-year single-award IDIQ contract has a ceiling value of $6.5 billion if all options are exercised. Note that
the GSM-O II contract has yet to contribute materially to our backlog, and will do so over time as new task
orders are issued.

Second, the protest of the Department of Energy's Hanford Mission Essential Services contract was also
resolved in our favor. The 10-year single-award IDIQ contract has an approximate value of $4 billion if all
options are exercised.

Finally, the Air Force National Capital Region or AF NCR information technology service support contract
was also successfully defended. Under this 5-year $450 million single-award IDIQ contract, we will
continue to provide a full range of support and services to our nation's command and control systems and
IT support for thousands of users. During the COVID-19 crisis, we are enabling teleworking capabilities
through hardware, software and cloud-based service deployments.

To support our business' continuing growth, our talent acquisition efforts continue to attract and hire 100
or more new employees each week. We hired over 1,800 in the first quarter. This result is made possible
by our recruiting and onboarding programs, which adopted a number of virtual practices well before the
current COVID-19 crisis.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Turning now to COVID-19. This global pandemic is affecting us all. At Leidos, we have been carefully
managed the impacts to our people, our community, our business partners and our customers. We have
implemented changes to our business rhythms to maximize telework where possible and minimize risk
to our employees. We have revisited and improved certain health care benefits for our employees to
minimize the burden on them and their families during the crisis.

I am proud to report that the whole Leidos family from employees up through the Board have stepped up
to offer aid in their communities through generous donations. Since the start of the outbreak, employees
have donated nearly $400,000 to the Leidos Relief Foundation to assist our colleagues who have been
directly impacted by the virus.

Last week, our Board of Directors unanimously approved a reduction in director compensation for the
current year. As a result of this decision, the company will contribute $0.5 million to the Relief Foundation.
Additionally, I have donated my salary to the Relief Foundation during the pandemic.

Externally, the company has contributed more than $250,000 with a commitment to match up to an
additional $1 million of employee donations to the ALL OF US COMBAT CORONAVIRUS (sic)[ ALL OF US
CAN COMBAT CORONAVIRUS ] campaign created by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
Foundation.

Our customers recognize the critical nature of the services that we perform and the overwhelming
majority of our work remains without impact. We have identified approximately $270 million of revenue or
about 2% of our total for 2020 that is expected to be impacted by COVID-19. Much of which, we expect to
recover in 2021.

The passage of the CARES Act does provide some relief for us and our industry peers. However, since the
specific implementation is left to the discretion of contracting officers, we are not allowed to bill fee on
certain contracts where the workforce is kept at home in a ready state. This is the cause for the majority
of margin reduction in the Defense Solutions segment.

To minimize business impacts and to continue to deliver innovative solutions in a cost-efficient manner,
we have implemented a number of cost-cutting measures across the organization. These actions include
reduced discretionary spending, an indirect hiring freeze of nonessential open positions and mandatory
time-off on alternating Fridays for indirect staff. In a few minor areas where we have seen reduced
business volumes, furloughs have been implemented.

Beyond this, it is worth highlighting that Leidos supports many customers who are in the news today for
their efforts on addressing the pandemic, including NIH, CDC, FDA and others. We are unique among our
peers in the breadth of our health capabilities and have been engaged with all of these customers and
more to leverage our capabilities to directly help combat the pandemic.

First, on behalf of the NIH's National Cancer Institute, our subsidiary, Leidos Biomedical Research, staffs
and operates the Frederick National Laboratory for Cancer Research, which is dedicated exclusively to the
biomedical sciences. Frederick National Laboratory's scientists have been working directly with the NIH to
facilitate an international therapeutic trial of remdesivir in COVID-19 patients.

Second, the Frederick National Laboratory scientists are also conducting research to identify genetic
determinants of virus susceptibility and outcomes, hopefully leading to better therapeutics and medicines
to combat the virus. In other parts of our health business, we have been exploring opportunities to
develop and offer virtual care solutions, which support the complete pandemic pathway from patient
intake and prescreening through virtual visits with staff physicians via remote monitoring within the
hospital or other care environments.

While these are challenging times for all of us, the mission-essential nature of our work, the additional
protective measures in the CARES Act and the significant actions we are taking as a company provide a
strong foundation for our business as we manage headwinds entering the second quarter.

Jim will give more detail on our revised guidance, but in short, after reflecting both the expected
COVID-19 impacts as well as offsets from the inclusion of the L3Harris' Security acquisition, our revised

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

guidance enables us to maintain our cash flow from operations guidance at the same level as before at
$1 billion or higher while decreasing revenue by 1% and earnings per share by 6% at the midpoint of our
range.

From a macro perspective, fiscal year '21's budget levels for both defense and nondefense spending
are set under the bipartisan budget agreement, and Congress does not plan to change those levels
despite the unprecedented spending increases being enacted to offset the economic impact of COVID-19.
Consequently, there should be more certainty in the budget process this year, even though we expect
fiscal year '21 to start [ entering ] a continuing resolution due to the November elections.

Longer term, however, deficit pressures could impact both defense and domestic spending levels,
potentially starting as early as fiscal year '23. But again, the 18- to 24-month delay from budget dollars to
outlay dollars does still provide us with runway before we are potentially faced with that dynamic. Further,
DoD's unobligated balance of over $100 billion could mitigate the impact of any future cuts to budget
authority in the first 1 to 2 years of a downturn scenario.

Finally, in closing, I'd like to comment briefly on the transition in our Investor Relations team. Peter Berl
was recently appointed as Head of our IR team and brings over 25 years of experience across numerous
financial departments within Lockheed Martin and Leidos, where he most recently served as CFO of our
Health Group. Peter succeeds Kelly Hernandez, who after 6 years as our IR lead, was recently named the
new CFO of our Civil Group. I'd like to thank Kelly for her many contributions in her prior role and know
she will be a great asset to the Civil Group.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim Reagan, our Chief Financial Officer, for more details on our first
quarter results and our full year outlook.

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Roger, and thanks for everyone joining us on the call today. I'll start by sharing some
highlights from the quarter, and then I'll provide some color on what we see as the potential impacts on
COVID-19 for the remainder of the year in the context of our updated guidance.

Beginning with revenue. We're pleased with our strong start to the year. First quarter revenues grew
12.1% over the prior year and 8.2% organically, continuing our growth momentum into 2020. The
increase in revenue was driven by high levels of on-contract growth and increased contributions from new
programs that ramped up during the quarter. These increases were offset by a slowdown in programs
related to COVID-19, which caused an approximately $50 million impact to the quarter's revenue.
Excluding this, first quarter organic growth would have been 10% over the prior year period.

Adjusted EBITDA margins of 9.3% declined 80 basis points from the prior year quarter. The decline
was characterized by 2 events. The first was what I would characterize broadly as COVID-19-related,
particularly impactful in our Defense Solutions segment program's ability to perform, coupled with the
inability to recognize fee on the maintenance of ready-state labor. This impact is approximately $9 million
to adjusted EBITDA.

The second item is an $8 million charge related to an international receivable. After adjusting for these
discrete items, adjusted EBITDA margins would have been more in line with historic company levels.

Non-GAAP diluted EPS for the quarter increased $0.06 over the prior year to $1.19, primarily reflecting
a lower non-GAAP effective tax rate and lower share count. Operating cash flows of $372 million were
above seasonal norms and reflect the continued diligent management of our working capital as well as
the implementation of the accounts receivable monetization facility, which we discussed previously, which
contributed nearly $140 million in the quarter.

We had another strong quarter in business development, resulting in bookings of over $5.5 billion,
bringing our book-to-bill for the quarter to 1.9x and a record ending backlog position of $28.3 billion.
This outstanding backlog number reflects the successfully defended protests on the Hanford and AF NCR
contracts as well as our continued success in competing for new programs and takeaway opportunities.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Before I get into segment results, I'd like to point out that effective at the start of 2020, we reassigned
several programs from the Civil reportable segment to the Defense Solutions reportable segment to better
align segment operations with the customers they serve. The net impact was that programs worth a total
of about $1 billion of annual revenue moved out of Civil and into the Defense Solutions segment. The 2019
financials have been recast to reflect the new structure for a year-over-year comparison and have been
provided to you in the supplementary financials filed on our website.

Now for an overview of our segment results. Defense Solutions segment revenue grew 14.4% on a year-
over-year basis, reflecting 5.7% organic growth and 2 months of contribution from Dynetics.

On a pro forma basis for the full quarter, Dynetics experienced approximately 30% growth compared to
the prior year period. These strong growth rates take into account COVID-19 impacts that affected some
of our intelligence programs in the latter part of the first quarter. We expect these programs to return to
their normal run rates during the third quarter.

Non-GAAP operating margins of 6.8% in our Defense Solutions segment are uncharacteristically low,
declining 120 basis points from the prior year quarter. The current quarter margins reflect $7 million
associated with programs impacted by COVID-19, an increase in indirect expenditures and a reserve for a
potential $8 million receivables write-down on an international program.

Defense Solutions booked over $1 billion of net awards, resulting in a book-to-bill of 0.8x in the quarter
and 1.6x on a trailing 12-month basis. The recent successful resolution of the protest on the GSM-O II
contract has not yet impacted these metrics due to our booking methodology. However, as we receive task
orders on this IDIQ contract later in the year, the backlog will reflect those new bookings.

In our Civil segment, revenues grew 5% from the prior year quarter and 6.9% organically. This growth
was driven by the increased contribution from the ramp-up of new programs and volume growth on our
existing programs. This growth was partially offset by the sale of our commercial cyber business last year.

Non-GAAP operating margins in the Civil segment were strong at 10.9%. The prior year's margin of
12.4% reflected a number of nonrecurring items that resulted in a higher-than-usual amount of write-ups,
combined with higher volume in our security and transportation systems business. While the first quarter
of 2020 saw lower product volumes and mix, we look forward to driving more value in this higher-margin
segment with the addition of the L3Harris' Security Detection and Automation businesses.

Civil generated nearly $4 billion in net bookings in the quarter for a book-to-bill of 6.1x. This was largely
driven by the positive impact from the successful resolution of the protest on the Hanford contract.

And finally, turning to our Health segment. Revenues grew 14.5% over the prior year period, 18.5%
organically after adjusting for the divestiture of the commercial staff augmentation business. This strong
organic growth was due primarily to increased program volumes and expansion of scope on our existing
programs.

Non-GAAP operating income for the Health segment grew 360 basis points to 15.5% from the prior year
quarter due to a shift in program mix. Our Health segment saw approximately $250 million in bookings in
the quarter, driving a book-to-bill of 0.5x, with a trailing 12-month book-to-bill of 0.9x.

And now onto the remainder of the year. We're updating our 2020 guidance for revenue, adjusted
EBITDA margin and non-GAAP diluted EPS to include the addition of the L3Harris' Security Detection and
Automation businesses and the expected impacts to our business from COVID-19.

We're adjusting our revenue guidance to a range of $12.5 billion to $12.9 billion. The updated range
reflects 13% to 16% growth over the prior year. This range includes approximately $290 million of
revenue contribution from the Security Detection and Automation businesses, offset by approximately
$370 million of expected impact from COVID-19 and other associated market uncertainties. Note that we
expect our COVID-impacted programs to ramp back up to our normalized run rates during the second
quarter, resuming full run rate in the fourth quarter and then continuing unimpacted into 2021.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

We also anticipate that we will start to make up some of the lost revenue from Q1 and Q2 during the
latter half of 2020 and into early 2021 as employees are able to return to previously closed customer work
locations. With the abatement of the COVID-19 impacts beyond the fourth quarter, combined with the
strength of our backlog and recent awards position, we are confident that we will achieve high single-digit
organic growth in 2021 with margins at or above our 10% adjusted EBITDA margin long-term target.

In terms of margins, we expect adjusted EBITDA margins of 9.8% to 10% for this year. The primary
drivers of the 20 basis point reduction from the prior range included -- includes an estimated value
of approximately 30 basis points associated with COVID-19, offset by the approximate 10 basis point
increase from the inclusion of the Security Detection and Automation revenues at accretive margins.

Specifically, COVID-19 is impactful from a margin perspective in a few different ways. First, the revenue
headwinds we are currently experiencing in our high-margin -- higher-margin generating businesses.
We expect to begin increasing our volumes back to normal run rates in these portfolios beginning in the
second quarter.

Second, some of our customers are only reimbursing costs and not fees associated with maintaining
ready-state labor on certain programs. This is impacting margins on some intelligence programs within
the Defense Solutions segment. And third, as mentioned earlier, we expect to begin ramping back to our
historical run rate and margin mix across the enterprise beginning in the second quarter of 2020. Our
expectation is that we will be at normalized margins in the fourth quarter and continuing into 2021.

These revenue and margin changes result in an updated non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance range of $5 to
$5.30. Our non-GAAP diluted EPS guidance range includes modest accretion from the SD&A transaction.
And we expect the accretion from the transaction to increase beyond 2020 as we undertake integration
activities and begin to realize revenue and cost synergies. As Roger indicated, our guidance for operating
cash flows remains unchanged at $1 billion or more for the year.

As a reminder, our capital deployment efforts are focused on debt reduction rather than share repurchases
until we approach our target net leverage ratio of 3.0x, which we expect to do by the end of the first
quarter of 2021.

Let me provide you with a couple of additional comments to help you with modeling. We expect net
interest expense for the full year of $197 million, inclusive of the L3Harris' Security Detection and
Automation transaction. We also expect a slightly lower non-GAAP tax rate in 2020 of 22%.

Before we turn it over for questions, I'd like to mention that for the third consecutive year, Leidos has
been recognized as one of the 2020 World's Most Ethical Companies by the Ethisphere Institute, a global
leader in defining and advancing the standards of ethical business practices. Leidos is one of only 132
honorees from 21 countries and 51 industries to receive this recognition. And this award would not have
been possible without each and every one of our employees committing to do what is right every day.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Rob so we can take some questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Jon Raviv with Citigroup.

Jonathan Phaff Raviv
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Roger, you talked about some of these items of there's demand disruption, and then potentially in some
areas, there could be demand destruction. Can you parse between those 2 dynamics there? It sounds like
it's mostly disruption, but you did mention some potential shortfall that -- it could be with us for longer.

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Okay. I'm trying to understand your question. Let me take a shot, if I don't get it -- so I think we were
pretty clear, both Jim and I, that we don't see significant long-term impact as a result of COVID-19, which
is what I think your question was. Most what we saw -- a little bit in Q1, but mostly in the month of April,
except for the 3610 fee, which we'll never get back because we're only being reimbursed for cost, not fee,
we see almost all of that revenue and, therefore, earnings, just moving to the right. And we'll either pick it
up in third quarter or fourth quarter or it will roll into '21.

For instance, as you all know, we do a lot of work at hospitals, right? Our Defense Health Program is
installing the new Cerner Millennium software at hospitals. Those hospitals are now being used for
COVID-19, even those at military bases. As such, we're not getting access to the hospital right now. And
so we are slowing down our deployment. But those deployments will still occur, they're just moved to the
right by a quarter or so. And so our DHMSM program will pick back up. In fact, it's already starting to gain
momentum again and should be fully back in third or fourth quarter. So we're not -- Jon, I don't believe
I said that we saw a permanent impairment of our business. And I -- if you heard that in my comments,
then I apologize.

Clearly, we have seen impacts in the month of April, but the vast majority of our impact is either the
earnings we lose on 3610 or revenue and earnings that have been delayed. Back to you, Jon.

Jonathan Phaff Raviv
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

No. I didn't mean to apply what you said. I just want to make sure we're perfectly clear on the disruption
idea here. What I was getting at though, and a quick follow-up here, is just you did bring up the idea
that going forward how maybe in 2023, '24, '25, let's say, deficit starts to become more of an issue,
discretionary spending could be pressured. I mean, you're a big business, but you're also operating
in a big market. How do you think about the company positioning for what that long-term spending
environment could be? Because there's still going to be mission-essential spending, but how do you
position for the -- what those priorities -- anticipate what those priorities are going to be?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Well, Jon, we're really pleased with how we have repositioned the business over the last 5 years to
be in parts of the market that we think are more resilient to what will be eventually a cyclical flattening
of government spending. We have moved into mission-essential, digital transformation areas and have
diversified from a concentration in DoD to where we now have essentially our 4 markets in Defense, Intel,
Health and Civil infrastructure. So we're really pleased with how we've restructured the company and how
we positioned ourselves for the markets going forward. And if the Department of Defense slows in growth,
I think we will see a lot of Civil infrastructure projects. How we do inspection at airports is going to change
with social distancing, and we are well-positioned to take advantage of shifts in spending in that direction.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Operator

The next question is from the line of Matt Akers with Barclays.

Matthew Carl Akers
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I wonder if you could comment a little bit more on the Security Detection business. I know, Roger, I think
you mentioned you're maybe seeing some demand pull forward during the slow period. But I mean, how
much of that business should we think of as kind of tied to sort of air travel run rate and kind of just
seeing sort of an unprecedented downturn there? So how much of it is sort of that versus kind of longer
cycle stuff that you have sort of booked already?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Yes. It is over the period of signing to closing. We've gone out and touched all of our traditional long-
term customers and the new long-term customers that come that come to us by way of the L3Harris
acquisition. We really wanted to understand what their capital spending plans were and what their view
of technology was. And like in the U.S., this is funded through TSA. There are some markets where the
inspection function is funded by ticket surcharges, and it's a mix as you go country to country.

What we heard across the board was movement in new technologies, social distancing at checkpoints, CT
scanning, the addition of biometrics, which very, very few airport checkpoints have today, whether that be
facial recognition, temperature scanning. And really what has gotten us excited is I think this is going to
spawn a recapitalization of checkpoints.

We were talking to one customer that said, "Can we put ultraviolet lights in the tray return conveyor
so that we could sanitize the tray as it comes back around and is presented to the next traveler?" All of
that is capital investments. All of that really plays well with the L3Harris business that we've got. And of
course, our traditional business was very strong in ports and borders. And this only accelerates the need
to do inspection at the ports and borders as we want to have control of the border. But we want to be able
to tell not only who's coming across, but now there are some aspects about do they have a temperature --
things like that.

So we were very, very excited about the L3Harris business back when we signed the deal in early
February, and the world events have only made us more excited.

Matthew Carl Akers
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. That's helpful. And then I guess just one other on MHS GENESIS. There's been a couple of press
reports that there may be some delays in that program. Are those impacting you? And what's sort of the
run rate that you guys have had on that program right now?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

As I made my comment to Jon, because those hospitals and even the ones at military bases have been
dedicated to COVID-19 or at least put in a ready state, so we have -- had to do more work off-prem to
get ready for deployments. And we're doing some other work on behalf of DHA as well with our team. But
there has been an impact, and we've seen slowing of our deployment. Maybe I'll let Jim comment.

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. As you know, there was supposed to be a peak in the deployment activity late this year, early next.
And now with the rescheduling, it's clearly that peak is being pushed out into 2021 as we kind of rejigger
our schedule to accommodate the use of the hospitals for COVID-19 patients.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Crédit Suisse.

Robert Michael Spingarn
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Roger, you talked about the work that you do with NIH that directly touches on the pursuit of a cure or
therapeutic for COVID-19. Could you talk about the materiality of that revenue, where it stands now? And
could that be a meaningful needle-mover as we move forward?

And then really as a follow-up to that higher level, how should we -- how should the market think about
Leidos, given that you have a health care segment and just the long-term ramifications of the federal
response to this disease?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Okay. Let me start with the easy one. The work we do at Frederick National Laboratory for Cancer
Research is part of our FFRD support contract. And although we believe it's very, very important to the
country, and it is a great past performance qual for us, it has never been for a $12 billion, $13 billion
company, a material set of numbers. So it's just not -- and it has to do with the way the contract for
FFRDCs are structured and how we book. That being said, the work we believe is highly important, and it
provides credibility for us across our Health Care segment.

And longer term, we like being in the Health Care segment. We view that as a significant growth market
for us. It is, as you all have seen, our highest margin market, which says our customers value what we
bring to the market there. And we continue to invest and to grow in that marketplace.

And your question about the federal response. I'll make this statement. And I am really proud of what the
organizations that we work with have done in response to the pandemic.

This is unprecedented and unpredicted, right? And every organization that we work with, whether
they're NIH or NCI or frankly, our DoD and Intel customers, have all leaned forward. We are doing virtual
customer meetings by phone. We're doing Zoom chats. And across the board, there are a lot of people
who are critical out there, it is not us. We're we are thrilled with all the hard work that all of our customers
have done to try to keep our workforce employed and paid and to combat the pandemic and to take care
of their employees and our employees.

Robert Michael Spingarn
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I guess where I was going with that, Roger, was once we're through this, if they set up some kind of a
federal pandemic office to try and prepare differently, let's say, for next time. How much of an advantage
are you -- does Leidos have versus the competition given that you're already in the health care IT arena?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

I see. We think we have a significant advantage, right? And part of why we do FFRDC work is to have
knowledge of the environment and how therapeutics are created and how vaccines are created. Rob, as
you may know, we're heavily involved in the Ebola vaccine and the worldwide effort to eradicate Ebola
off of the face of the planet. And although it doesn't generate significant profit the way some of our other
large programs do, it gives us great credibility as we pivot to support what very well may be a federal
response -- a permanent federal response to future potential pandemics.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Cai von Rumohr with Cowen.

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

So Roger, you talked about $270 million of COVID impact and yet the guide has $370 million, which would
imply about $100 million for other "market uncertainties." Could you give us some color on what those
other market uncertainties are?

And then of the $270 million of COVID-related, walk us through some more specifics like the DHMSM
impact and some sense of the quarterly pattern because it would suggest that COVID impact is going to
be bigger in the second quarter than the first.

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Cai, let me get started on that. I'll let Jim pick up what I don't talk about. So the $270 million is that,
that from a bottoms-up, we can tie directly to COVID-19. So 3610 CARES Act, slowdown on DHMSM.
When we touch guidance, we sit back and go "Okay, what are the unknown unknowns?" And although it
hasn't happened yet, we think some of the procurements are going to slow down, and there's just going to
be a little bit more drag on the business writ large.

And when we touch guidance, we felt it was prudent to put another $100 million of revenue headwind in
our guidance. And it's not specific. And I can't go into the additional -- the $270 million, we can almost
go contract-by-contract, and Jim may touch on the major pieces there. The additional $100 million for
us is -- I actually thought we were going to get an NDAA this year, and now I don't think we will. I think
we'll be in a continuing resolution. So our forecast assumes a continued growing federal budget and things
operating in a normal way. And now I don't think that's going to happen. I think procurements will slow
down, that things will take longer. Meetings take an extra week or 2. There's no travel. And we wanted to
put in another $100 million of headwind to get us to a midpoint, which was indeed our 50-50.

A little bit of the quarter-by-quarter, Cai as you know, we don't guide by quarter. That being said, April
must be the worst month given what we all have been through.

We've already seen states start to reopen here in Virginia. The governor is talking about opening next
week in nonessential. So we think that May will be better and June will be even better. But if you're
starting to phase, you now know our first quarter, there's just no doubt that second quarter is going to
be the quarter that's the most impacted. And then we expect, as Jim said in his comments, to be fully
recovered or maybe be better than by fourth quarter.

Jim, you want to add some color?

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I'd Just do a couple more comments on that. Roger characterized it exactly. That $100 million is the
piece of our revision that does not have any specific contracts tied to it, but it is that out of what we --
Cai, as you know, we try to be pretty conservative in how we guide. And it was -- we thought the prudent
thing to do.

You asked for a couple -- some color on a couple of contracts. We mentioned DHMSM. There's also -- for
example, we support the National Science Foundation in the Antarctic. The Antarctic is the one continent
that has no COVID-19 today, and they want to keep it that way. And so they have slowed down the level
of activity that we are going to have down on the ice for the balance of the year. And so that is -- now
there are some big programs down there that we're going to manage. And so that puts us into 2021 like a
lot of these impacts.

And then there is a part of our business, a couple of contracts that have a lot of fixed costs. And they also
have fixed unit price. And that down-draft that is going to be temporary in the second quarter obviously is
going to impact both revenue and margin in Q2.

That said, those customers that procure those products and services from us have already contacted us
about their restart plans, and we're working with them closely to begin re-ramping back in the second
quarter. And we expect that we'll be in much better shape there on the third.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Very helpful. So you mentioned protests. Could you update us on the NextGen protest and also the UNH
(sic) [RHRP] Defense Health takeaway win?

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Well, right now, we're in the throes of finishing and have recently finished all the back and forth and
responses on the NGEN protest. And right now, we continue to expect that, that will be concluded in the
second quarter. And as we've said before, we're pretty confident of that outcome, and that would result in
a booking in Q2. And did you have another one in mind, Cai? I'm sorry.

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Yes. The UNH (sic) [RHRP] Defense Health takeaway win?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Is that the Reserve Health Program, Cai?

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Yes.

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

The RHRP?

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Yes.

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Yes. We call that RHRP.

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Right.

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Well, that's in protest as well. So add 2 more months from where we are.

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And so that should be -- that should also be resolved by the end of the second quarter, Cai. And so
we'll have something to say about that on our next call as well.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Edward Caso with Wells Fargo.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Edward Stephen Caso
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I was wondering how much of your revenue guidance is a function of request for equitable adjustments, if
that's a meaningful factor that you need to recapture.

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Ed, that -- this is Jim. The REAs right now are in the forecast very conservatively like at 0. The -- it's not
our habit to include those in revenue projections, mainly because of the timing of resolution of those is
pretty difficult. With that said, we have had a number of customers. I can think of one customer in the
Health group and 1 -- a couple of customers in the Defense segment that have invited us to prepare a
request for equitable adjustment for things like the fee on COVID standby labor pre-March 27, which isn't
provided specifically in the CARES Act, but our customers do understand that there is some significant lost
profit. So the pursuit and successful closure of REAs, if it happens this year would result in some upside to
the numbers that we have out there.

Edward Stephen Caso
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. Can you also talk a little bit about your clients' behavior on award activity and whether you're
seeing bridges and extensions in the current environment?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Ed, thanks. I'll start on that. To date, they have awarded pretty much on time and almost to our surprise,
and like the Human Lander Program out of NASA really was right on schedule.

That being said, part of the $100 million that we add in to our revenue guidance is conservatism on our
part. That may not continue as we go throughout the summer.

And just the RFP process, where maybe we used to do orals face-to-face, and now we're going to have to
do orals by video. We just think that's going to take longer. But as through today, we have not really seen
anything that I would call an appreciable delay. And in fact, on our L3Harris deal, our Hart-Scott, we got
early termination. So the government is up and operating and things are moving forward.

Operator

The next question is from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan.

Seth Michael Seifman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I was curious on the airport security acquisition, there were -- the presentation that you guys did when
the deal was announced back in January, I think. When you look at that now, should we still be thinking
about the same types of numbers around -- for 2020 and the out years or is there kind of anything I need
to kind of relook at things after the close?

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks for the question, Seth. When we took a look at this business, both before COVID and really
very recently, in doing our diligence update, we saw that the business was, up through the beginning of
COVID, the business was outperforming our own projections. And pipeline and backlog, as we've recently
looked at it, still looks good.

As Roger mentioned, we had an opportunity to touch base with many of their major customers. And we
were pleased that they are continuing with much of their plans. And in fact, we're thinking about how to
reconfigure some of the systems that the L3Harris business has already sold to accommodate the need for

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

more lanes, for example, because of the need for slower testing as airline customers go through security,
then that's just by way of example.

Now with that said, there will undoubtedly be some slowdown in the revenue and -- just because of the
inability in the short run to get some of the work done. But it hasn't changed our view of what the backlog
-- the order backlog of the business is. So -- and those provisions are -- have been incorporated into our
guide for that business for the rest of the year.

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Seth, I just want to add, if you were going to take a word out of what we have heard, the word
touchless is what we're hearing from customers about the transit of passengers through security
checkpoints. And every customer we've talked to has said we have been doing this in a highly personal,
highly contacted environment. And going forward, we don't want to put, for instance, in the U.S., our TSA
agents at risk and we don't want to contact the traveling public.

And if you recall your experience back when we all flew, depending upon what happens, you were
touched. And especially if you get a pat down, you might be touched 3 or 4 times through the checkpoint.
And that's just going to be unacceptable going forward. So the TSA agent is not going to want to hold
your driver's license, right? They're going to want another way of verifying who you are. You're going to
put your material in a bin. Before you put material in another bin, you want to know that bin is sanitized,
right?

If you need to be -- go through a secondary, you want to do a secondary in a way where a TSA agent
doesn't actually have to make contact with you, that means CT at the checkpoint. So a lot of great
application of technology to the checkpoint of the future. And again, we're excited about the opportunity
to grow the business that we bought.

Operator

Next question is from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.

Sheila Karin Kahyaoglu
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Roger, I wanted to follow-up on Rob's question with regarding the health care opportunity, not only on
health care, but maybe IT infrastructure just given government employees are also working from home.
Kind of where are we in terms of timing with these opportunities? When do they emerge? Are we in step 1
in terms of tracking and tracing? Maybe can you talk about that?

Roger A. Krone
Chairman & CEO

Let me start with the easiest and that which we have already seen a positive impact. As -- Sheila, as you
know, we provide IT infrastructure and digital transformation for a whole host of government customers
from CMS to the Pentagon. We are the telework provider for a significant part of the government.

In fact, I'll recount a story. An agency director elected to work at home, and that director had never
worked at home before. And we are the infrastructure for that particular agency, and so we facilitated that
individual's work-at-home. We configured the laptop. We made sure that he had enough bandwidth at
home. We provided user support, and that has been going on across our IT transformation contracts, and
that's immediate.

And it's not really in our guide, and we really don't know how it's going to come down to the bottom line,
but we're seeing that across the board and even more so in the health world.

Telemedicine is going to be a big deal. And we view that both in the short term and the long term. And
then I think Jon's question was -- or Rob's was really focused on -- we used to have a pandemic working
group, and that seem to have gone away. We all know that's going to come back.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

And we have seen a global viral outbreak every 7 to 10 years. So we know this is not -- there will be a
COVID-25. And we expect that the federal government and organizations like NIH, NIAID will mobilize to
put in a better response capability. And I think for us, that is a significant growth opportunity.

Sheila Karin Kahyaoglu
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then maybe one follow-up on Defense. When we add back that international receivable,
margins are still around the low 7%. So it implies a bit of a ramp. What's going on in terms of profitability
in that segment?

James C. Reagan
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sheila, the profitability in the Defense group, while we did have that unusual item we had to record, if
you take a look back in Q4, you might recall that we had a big write-up on a couple of programs in Q4. We
keep thinking of that as being a business that should be running longer term, 8-ish or a little north of 8.

Operator

At this time, we've reached the end of our question-and-answer session.

And I'll hand the call back to Peter Berl for closing comments.

Peter Berl;Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, Rob. Thank you all for your time this morning and for interest in Leidos. We look forward to
updating you again soon. Have a great day.

Operator
This will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your
participation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

