Lennar Corporation NYSE:LEN
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, June 16, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.22

1.65

Revenue  (mm)

5235.77

5287.37

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jun-16-2020 12:24 PM GMT

35.25

0.99

1.39

6.16

5.51

5410.00

21052.10

21640.02

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.32

1.90

0.84

1.22

1.59

2.13

1.27

1.65

20.45 %

12.11 %

51.19 %

35.25 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

15

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
LENNAR CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 16, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Alexandra Lumpkin
Associate General Counsel

Diane J. Bessette
VP, CFO & Treasurer

Jonathan M. Jaffe
President & Director

Richard Beckwitt
CEO & Director

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

ANALYSTS

Ivy Lynne Zelman
Zelman & Associates LLC

Michael Glaser Dahl
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Michael Jason Rehaut
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Stephen Kim
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Truman Andrew Patterson
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 16, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to Lennar's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference
is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time.

I would now like to turn the call over to Alex Lumpkin for the reading of the forward-looking statement.

Alexandra Lumpkin
Associate General Counsel

Thank you, and good morning. Today's conference call may include forward-looking statements, including
statements regarding Lennar's business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, strategies
and prospects. Forward-looking statements represent only Lennar's estimates on the date of this
conference call and are not intended to give any assurance as to actual future results. Because forward-
looking statements relate to matters that have not yet occurred, these statements are inherently subject
to risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect future results and may cause Lennar's actual activities
or results to differ materially from the activities and results anticipated in forward-looking statements.
These factors include those described in this morning's press release and our SEC filings, including those
under the caption Risk Factors contained in Lennar's annual report on Form 10-K most recently filed with
the SEC. Please note that Lennar assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.

Operator

I would now like to introduce your host, Mr. Stuart Miller, Executive Chairman. Sir, you may begin.

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

Very good. Good morning, everyone, and thank you. This morning, I'm here in Miami, once again, with a
scale-down crew: Diane Bessette, our Chief Financial Officer; Dave Collins, our Controller; Bruce Gross,
CEO of Lennar Financial Services. And of course, Alex, who you just heard from. Rick Beckwitt, our Chief
Executive Officer is in Colorado; and Jon Jaffe in California, our President, and they're on the line with us
this morning. And we are all appropriately socially spaced.

In as much as we have a lot of information that we're going to try to cover in our opening remarks, we're
going to return to our traditional format. I'll give an overview, Jon and Rick will give operational insight
and Diane will give financial information highlights and some limited guidance, and then we will attempt to
answer as many of your questions as possible.

But as you consider framing your questions, first of all, please limit to one question and one follow-up. And
remember that the national landscape continues to evolve, and the economy is still trying to reopen and
normalize. In the current environment, there are still more guesses than there are clear answers. We will
give you the guidance that we can, but remember that we are all still trying to learn together as things
unfold.

So let me begin. On March 27, a customer in Pennsylvania, named Susan Pernis, wrote us a most
important and impactful letter. She said, since Pennsylvania's Governor Wolf's decision to shutdown new
construction, we are set to be homeless on April 20. We have a Lennar home that was expected to be
delivered on that day in Hidden Meadows in Pennsylvania. There is a pending agreement for the sale of
my current home on that day as well. She went on to say that this is all as I'm underemployed because of
the shutdown, and as I'm losing half my usual income. I'm asking you to please appeal Governor Wolf's
decision on behalf of our family of 6, to us the delivery of our new home is life sustaining. It is shelter for
us and is imperative to our health and protection from COVID-19.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 16, 2020

This was the first of many letters to follow that detailed the dashed hopes and expectations of Lennar
customers that fell victim to the interruptions caused by COVID-19 and the economic shutdown that
caught many off guard.

The letter from Ms. Pernis detailed for us that homebuilding was, in fact, an essential service at this
critical time and that shelter for families was life sustaining and critically important to the well-being
of our communities. This was a very big and important change in our world and in the world of our
customers, where families lived and how families lived was essential, having the space to "stay-at-home"
was essential.

The safety and security of the family home in a welcome community was essential and the timing, the
rental term at an end or the old homes sold to someone else or leaving roommates or temporary quarters
or the arrival in or transfer to a new city, the timing to move into the home being built was essential.

To protect our business, we had already been making the case that homebuilding companies should be
able to continue to build. But with Susan Pernis' plead for help and many others that followed, it was now
essential. The federal government, most states and most municipalities across the country, ultimately
deemed housing an essential service and enabled homebuilders to continue building, selling and delivering
homes to our customers.

As an essential service, we kept our doors open and served communities across the country.

Our second quarter started with great concern as the economy was shuttering and unemployment was
starting to rise. The story of Ms. Pernis and the designation of homebuilding as an essential service seems
to shed light on how the overall market conditions evolved to what we are experiencing right now. While
the economy is still trying to reboot after shutdown, the homebuilding industry only stalled from mid-
March through April and began its reboot earlier than most.

Homes had to be completed and delivered, so people could stay at home in the shelter that they were
expecting. Otherwise, they would be homeless. Keeping in step with this necessity, we focused on
completing and delivering homes in backlog. But alongside those who needed their homes delivered,
many more began to reconsider the essential and aspirational nature of shelter and desire to or needed to
purchase and move.

Yesterday's notion of a mobile society had its mobility taken away. People reconsidered. The all but certain
migration to large congested cities as the preferred lifestyle over suburban was reversed and people
reconsidered. Preference for transient high-rise shared amenity rentals over stable owned single-family
homes with a yard was reversed. People reconsidered.

Second homes became a vital refuge and home offices with soundproofing and separation became the
newest amenity. The market was quickly reconsidering its needs, wishes and wants. And the homebuilders
have seen this narrative unfold in real time.

Lennar's second quarter numbers are strong and indicate a strong recovery to date. We ended the quarter
with $517 million of net earnings or $1.65 per share compared to $422 million and $1.30 per share last
year, up 27% over last year. Our closings were flat over last year, but would have been higher except for
certain stalled markets and the initial shock from the shutdown.

Our margins were up, but mostly represented sales that had taken place in the months before the
shutdown. But what is more impressive is that our backlog margins are even higher as sales have
strengthened and momentum has built and time has passed. And our SG&A is impressively lower and
reflects the many cost reducing initiatives that we have daylighted in prior calls.

We are mindful, however, that 1 or 2 months in a row does not yet define a sustainable trend. Although
the market currently feels very strong, we are in the early stages. We know that low interest rates and
short supply are driving demand and pricing power. We also know that changing customer preferences are
driving strong demand for new homes. Still, we are giving guidance today with some elements of caution.
We know we are currently picking up demand that was postponed from the stalled selling season, and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 16, 2020

we don't know yet how high unemployment and an economy still wrestling to open will moderate this
recovery in the future.

Additionally, there has been disruption. When the economy shut down, we reacted and slowed land
purchases, land development and starts. As sales started to recover, we restarted land development and
starts. Accordingly, we will have somewhat fewer deliveries in the third and fourth quarters because of the
mid-March to April stall. Nevertheless, we expect other metrics and company initiatives to continue to be
very strong through the end of the year.

This quarter showcased our company coming together. To consider people first in all circumstances, while
at the same time, operationally, we reengineered our business for the current environment while we
improved earnings, cash flows and returns. Hard work and hard decisions to find new paths forward,
technology and tenacity paved the path to new ways to construct our business. We've adjusted and
changed the way we manage our business. As a management team, we've learned to operate from outside
the office while using technology to stay connected like never before. Although we have managed from a
distance through daily video meetings, our company leaders stayed close to operations across all 38 of our
divisions and guided with consistent messaging and a very steady leadership hand.

As a connected management team, our homebuilding and financial services team utilized our significant
investments and especially our head start in technology to incorporate social distancing while enhancing
our customers' experiences as well as our operations and efficiency for the current environment and for
the future as well. We focused on and reconfigured every facet of our business to adapt to the changed
environment. We have been changing -- we have changed, and we have adjusted the plane while it was
still flying. Let me give you some detail on that.

As part of our rapid migration toward technologies that enable communication and collaboration, Diane
Bessette and Jeff McCall have accelerated our push to modernize our reporting structures both for internal
and external reporting. Data is being collected more effectively into a common data model, and that data
is being turned into real-time information that is being standardized and consumed across the platform,
creating efficiencies and cost reductions.

Standardized reports are being discussed at daily management meetings as our management team is
learning together how to use and get the most out of our enhanced technology. Note that our earnings call
is taking place just 12 business days after the end of the quarter. We are using technology to better roll up
revenues and access our cash. That's better and faster than we used to be, but Diane, it is not as fast and
as efficient as we are going to be.

Starting tomorrow, we are back to work looking forward, enhancing systems and building efficiencies
rather than still working on reporting last quarter a week later. We also changed our home selling process.
While Rick will give additional color on current market conditions and our results shortly, in marketing
and sales, we advanced and enhanced our digital marketing platform to enable engagement with our
customers any way they choose. Although our lennar.com website -- I'm sorry, through our lennar.com
website customers now have the choice to deal with us in 1 of 4 ways. Number one, working traditionally
by visiting a Welcome Home Center and interacting with one of our professional new home consultants;
or number two, working with our new home consultants through a reimagined fully digital experience that
has been designed for the current environment; or number three, interacting digitally and viewing product
on their computer at home using Modsy 3-dimensional pictorial tours of models that are complete or soon
a 3-dimensional tour of homes that are designed, but not yet built or modeled; or number four, they can
take a do-it-yourself self-guided tour of our existing models all alone and on their own.

We rewired every one of our model homes across the country over a 2-week period to enable our
customers to get a code to access digital entry at our models on their own for self-guided tour. No contact,
no risks and all alone that can interact with Lennar digitally or through phone or face-to-face time review
product, visit models, sign a contract and send a deposit all digitally. Our digital experience is getting
better and better and will continue to improve quickly now that we have our associates and our customers
accustomed to these tools.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 16, 2020

Customers are finding new ways to purchase, and we're finding new ways to joyfully engage with our
customers as our digital experience is constantly refined and improved, more of our customers will choose
and enjoy a more independent and frictionless experience as they engage with Lennar. In fact, just looking
at self-guided tours for the first 2 weeks of June over May, we have seen an increase of 20% in self-guided
tours alone.

As an example of our digital engagement, take a look at our lennar.com today. We are seeing more and
more that our customers want to find a home with a home office. Not just a repurposed bedroom, but
they want an office that's at home but feels separate and quiet. It's apart from the barking dog and the
daily activities of the household, but it is at home. We've redesigned our next-gen home product, home
within a home concept that we are now offering as a home office within a home. It's part of the home, but
separate. It's attached, but insulated for soundproofing. We don't have a model yet to show, but we have
a Modsy 3-dimensional design to explore, Modsy is one of our portfolio investment companies that we
believe is best-of-breed in creating 3-dimensional renderings that look and feel real when we don't have
the real thing to show. We are working with Modsy to improve our ability to demonstrate the dreams that
we have not yet been able to build. We are, we can and we will ramp up our digital ability and help our
customers dream with us as we create the home of their future.

Applying for a mortgage and closing a home has never been easier at Lennar also. We have accelerated
our digital platform to accommodate customers' desires to close on their new home, but to close without
health risk or social contact. Our mortgage application and approval process has never been easier
or more digital. With our blend-enabled application, another portfolio company and many detailed
digital improvements designed in-house in loan officer engagement and loan processing, our customer
experience is improving every quarter. The forms are simpler, the information is entered once and the
updates to information are automated. Our customers are happier. Our associates are more effective and
our costs are coming down.

In title and escrow, we are now closing homes with little or no contact as well. With an increased focus on
the health and safety of both our associates and our customers, we have increased the number of digital
closings with digital document signing and where possible, digital notarizations. We are also implementing
a virtual new home orientation process so our homebuyers can walk and view their completed home via
FaceTime. We can even give keys to the front door digitally with a code for self-access while we leave
the sanitized keys in the kitchen. Where we must physically notarize documents, which is still required in
some states, we created an express drive-thru closing program. All paperwork is signed digitally before
arrival and our customers can finalize closing their home with a notarization from their car in just 15
minutes.

Lennar Financial Services just keeps getting better with faster, more frictionless service for our customers,
easier engagement for our associates and more profitability for the company. This quarter, LFS contributed
$151 million for the company. While $61 million of that related to a deferred profit attributable to the
deconsolidation -- to deconsolidating the sale of our retail title business over a year ago, approximately
$90 million of the contribution is attributable to efficient operations and market conditions. This is a record
quarter for LFS as they continue to lead the way for the company on innovation and enhanced customer
experience.

We are also building homes differently, and Jon will give some more color here as well. Construction is
finally turning digital as we have turned our sites to using technology to centrally schedule construction at
the division level. Over the past months, we've been rolling out a technology-oriented scheduling program
to create efficiencies across our production platform. This will enhance and even flow execution, give
greater predictability to our trade partners relative to scheduling and logistics, and it will ultimately reduce
construction costs as well.

The need for effective and efficient communication over the past months has enabled us to advance the
education and rewiring of our field operation as we and our trade partners struggled to keep job sites open
and jobs filled. Most of our construction sites have been -- have continued to be active and fully functional
to date, and we have not yet seen a significant impact on our trades or our supply chain. We are very
focused on the health and safety of our trades and have established clear protocols with this in mind. We

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 16, 2020

have been in constant communication with our trade partners to help them implement their own safety
standards and understand the steps we are taking. We have begun using FaceTime and other technologies
to facilitate inspections, and we suspended all nonemergency customer care to protect our associates,
customers and trade partners and use a DIY, do-it-yourself model, to help the customers help themselves
where possible.

Although it's awkward and difficult to talk about operational and financial results and successes in the
wake of a quarter that has been defined by health fears, economic shutdown, job loss, personal struggles
and social injustice, we are proud to say that we have managed with a steady hand with a constructive
and measured leadership and with focus on how we can be a constructive force at a difficult time. On
reflection, I can say with conviction that we have done well, while we have also done good.

While the second quarter has been a quarter of tremendous success for Lennar, sadly, as the quarter
ended and the health crisis began to subside, social justice became a dominant and critical concern, both
nationally and at Lennar. Our leadership team and our associates locked arms across the company and
stood tall to lean in and enhance and expand our already central focus on inclusion and diversity across
the country.

Like many across the country, we focused on the senseless killing of George Floyd as a call to action to
be better than this and to commit to be an ever better version of ourselves. While our Lennar Charitable
Foundation gave generously notably in honor of our fallen associate Pete Anderson for Homelessness, our
Chief Human Resources Officer, Andrew Davis led focused discussion and engagement to match strategies
to improve. This work and vow continues.

As we look ahead, we remain proud of Lennar's continued and consistent commitment to do well and to
do good as we lead with the people-first focus. With a strong balance sheet and a strong social and moral
commitment, we are confident that we will emerge from today's distress even better and stronger than
before. Accordingly, while the somewhat unpredictable environment in our country will evolve over time,
we believe that we will be very well positioned through hard work, focused leadership, and innovative
technologies to offset future headwinds and drive our business to new heights.

And by the way, remember, Susan Pernis, who I mentioned and quoted in the beginning, while Governor
Wolf was one of the very few who did not lift restrictions on homebuilding during the stay-at-home
quarter, we were able with the assistance from the borough or municipality to complete Ms. Pernis' home.
She and her family of 6, moved into their home on April 29. She and her family were able to delay the
closing of their home once we gave them an updated completion date. Today, she and her family are part
of the Lennar family, and we're proud that we were able to assist and with affection and appreciation for
the Lennar associates, who answered her plea, she sent her regards to them and everyone listening today.

We are very proud of the quick actions that we've taken to carefully manage our business through
these difficult times. I would like to personally thank all Lennar associates across our platform for their
commitment, for their trust and for their dedication during this very difficult time. I also want to thank
our trade partners who have worked collaboratively with us to ensure not only a safe and healthy home
but a quality and affordable home. And finally, I want to thank Ms. Pernis, and all of our customers for
understanding that we are working hard for them to adjust, to learn and to evolve so that we can safely
deliver the home of their dreams.

So with that, let me turn over to Rick.

Richard Beckwitt
CEO & Director

Thanks, Stuart. We entered our second quarter with a strong housing market and solid economic
fundamentals. This, combined with low mortgage rates and a limited supply of homes, gave us continued
sales momentum and pricing power. However, all of this changed in the second half of March through
April as the nation dealt with the impacts of COVID-19. While residential construction was designated an
essential service in most of our markets, the severe and immediate shutdown of economic activity across
the country began to negatively impact our business.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 16, 2020

As a result of the pandemic, our sales orders declined significantly in late March and continued at a
reduced rate through April. Despite a strong start in March, new orders for the month were down 10%
from the prior year. April marked the low point during the second quarter with orders decreasing 29%
from the prior year, and our cancellation rate peaking at 23%. Notwithstanding this slowdown, our team
did an excellent job selling homes, be it by appointment, self-guided tours or virtual tours. We also
focused on controlling sales prices and managing backlog expectations, which benefited our gross margins
in the second quarter and will benefit our gross margins in the back half of the year.

In May, we saw an influx of new homebuyers wanting to take advantage of extremely low mortgage rates
and move out of apartments in densely populated areas and homes they were sharing with friends and
family during the pandemic. We also heard increased conviction from people wanting to buy a new, safe
and clean home versus an existing home. In May, our new orders increased each week sequentially and
were up 7% over the prior year. Our cancellation rate in May also dropped from 18% -- dropped to 18%
from the 23% high in April.

More importantly, our increase in sales was generally achieved while raising prices and reducing incentives
throughout the month of May. We rarely comment on sales activity outside of the quarter we are
reporting. However, given these fluid market dynamics, I will give you some insight on June.

For the first 2 weeks of June, our new orders were up 20% over the same period last year. We believe that
part of this increase was the recapture of sales activity lost during this year's spring selling season. And
there will be a reversion to typical seasonality as we move through the rest of our fiscal year. Recognizing
the risks around high unemployment rates and the current trends towards a recurrence in COVID cases
we have now projected that this level of activity will continue in the next 2 quarters. However, should
this pace extend longer, we plan to carefully match sales with measured and consistent price increases to
further enhance our gross margins.

We also know that our sales activity in the next few quarters will be somewhat constrained by reduced
community openings as we slowed development activity to conserve cash in the second quarter and many
municipalities shut down their offices and did not issue permits and approvals to start development and
sales. Currently, our community count is down 6% year-over-year.

I'd now like to give you a little color on our markets across the country. It really fall into 3 categories: one,
market is not really impacted by the pandemic; two, markets that were impacted but have recovered or
where the recovery is well underway; and three, markets that were impacted, but where the recovery is
still lagging. Notwithstanding these categories, in all of our markets, we saw a sequential increase in sales
activity from April to May and continued strength during the first 2 weeks of June.

During our second quarter, we had 8 markets that had little to no impact from the pandemic. These
include Jacksonville, Coastal Carolinas, Indianapolis, Maryland, Nashville, Dallas, San Antonio and Utah.
While most of these markets had stay-at-home ordinance in place, we picked up considerable market
share through better execution as many of the builders in these markets shut down their operations.
Many of these markets also benefited from low COVID-19 infection rates, so business activity was less
impacted. In addition, each of these markets benefited from low inventory levels. And while traffic was
down, conversion rates were extremely high as buyers were highly motivated to purchase a safe new
home.

In Dallas and San Antonio, 2 of our larger markets, we continued to benefit from our move down the price
curve and by having quick move-in homes. Category 2 includes 18 markets that were impacted by the
pandemic, but have either recovered or are well on their way to the recovery.

Starting in the East. These markets include: New Jersey, North Carolina, Southeast and Southwest Florida,
Tampa, Orlando, Chicago, Minnesota, Houston and Austin, Colorado, Arizona, the Inland Empire, San
Diego, Central Valley, California, Sacramento, Reno and the Pacific Northwest. While we continue to
sell homes and offered limited incentives in each of these markets, municipality shutdowns and lower
consumer confidence caused a significant decline in both traffic and sales from mid-March through April.
However, across the board, all of these markets started to recover beginning the last week of April and
have continued to improve through May and into June.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 16, 2020

In our larger Florida markets, demand in May and the first part of June rebounded strongly. Southeast
Florida and Tampa saw increased demand from renters and customers wanting to move from densely
populated areas to purchase detached single-family homes. Southwest Florida, which is a big second
home active adult market, saw increased demand from customers fleeing the COVID impacted areas
in the Northeast to the more safe South Florida market. Raleigh, Charlotte and Atlanta were hit hard
initially. However, all of these markets bounced back as business activity resumed in May. In each of these
markets, we benefited from the return of the cultural buyer who wanted the safety of a new COVID-
free home. These markets also experienced increased demand from buyers looking to relocate from the
Northeast.

The Houston market has been the biggest surprise. While hit hard between mid-March and mid-April, our
sales bounced back in May and June, as demand for entry-level products outpaced the fall in oil price.
While unemployment is still high due to reduced oil and gas investment, we're extremely well positioned
with almost 50% of our communities priced below $300,000. The activity in Houston reflects the incredible
diversification that happened in the Houston economy away from oil and gas.

Austin was the slowest market in Texas to recover. This was in large part due to a stricter shutdown
ordinance imposed by the city. However, sales started to recover in May and have increased in the first
part of June. The Austin economy is strong with over 7,200 technology companies spurring job growth and
demand.

Moving to Colorado. Colorado is on the road to recovery. And while not fully recovered, the local economy
is strong and diverse with limited new home inventory and low resale listings. In May, our traffic increased
and sales rebounded from April lows, June has seen a more significant increase in both sales and pricing
power. The Phoenix market entered the pandemic as one of the strongest markets in the country,
and while impacted, has bounced back strongly. Our sales steadily improved through May and were
really strong in the first part of June. We continue to benefit from a broad product offering with many
lower-priced communities. The Pacific Northwest has recovered nicely. In spite of the state shutdown in
Washington temporarily shutting down construction, we continue to sell and close homes. Demand has
improved significantly in May and has continued into June.

In California, the Inland Empire is the strongest market. While the market took a hit in April, it came back
strong in both May and June. The Inland Empire has always been the affordable alternative to the more
coastal areas. With low mortgage rates, buyers had flocked back to the market. Most of these have been
renters or front-line workers fighting the pandemic.

Category 3 includes 4 markets that were significantly impacted by the pandemic and where the recovery is
lagging the rest of the U.S. These markets include the Bay Area, Orange County, California, Las Vegas and
Orlando. The Bay Area market was one of the first markets impacted by COVID-19. And with aggressive
government shutdowns, the market just shut down. Consumer confidence lost, demand significantly
slowed. While lower pricing -- while the lower-priced single-family market has recovered, the higher
density, higher-priced catch market still needs to gain some traction.

Orange County, California was one of the weakest markets going into the pandemic and is still lagging the
other markets on the way out. The combination of reduced demand from Chinese buyers and government
shutdowns really chilled the market. While sales more than doubled sequentially from April to May, the
market still needs to stabilize further.

Las Vegas was really impacted by a close down of the casinos and a huge decline in tourism.
Unemployment peaked at 30%. While most of this is furloughed in temporary job loss, the casinos, which
just reopened, need to rebuild their businesses before things get back to normal. Despite this, we've seen
a rebound in both traffic and sales in May and the first part of June.

Orlando is starting to come back. With the shutdown of international travel, reduced domestic flights and
the closure of theme parks, the local economy really slowed down. Sales declined sharply in April, but we
saw a bounce back in May and June. With the recent and planned reopening of the theme parks, we're
optimistic that this will -- this market will pick up in demand very quickly.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 16, 2020

I hope this gives you a sense of how we're positioned in our local markets. While we have a few markets
that are lagging, most have rebounded. From a macro standpoint, the market is strong with limited
inventory, pent-up demand, aided by low mortgage rates. In this environment, we've been very focused
on balancing pace and price. And while we've increased our sales pace for community, we've been vigilant
in raising prices, lowering incentives and reducing our brokerage spend. With low mortgage rates, the
impact of our price increases has had a minimal impact on affordability, and this should give us a decent
runway to improve gross margins in the coming quarters.

And now I'd like to turn it over to Jon.

Jonathan M. Jaffe
President & Director

Thank you, Rick. Today, I'll start with a discussion of our land and balance sheet strategies, beginning with
a look at the actions we took during the second quarter in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.

As Stuart mentioned, we paused our land purchases, land development activity and home starts. We used
our daily management call to quickly implement this strategy across all of our divisions. We're able to
pause all of the land acquisitions that we wanted to. And due to the strength of relationships with our land
sellers, we did not walk away from any deposits or lose any deals. What we did was to pause takedowns
for 60 to 90 days in order to give us time to understand the impact of the pandemic and the associated
government shutdown.

At the same time, we also slowed our land development spend. This was done on a community-by-
community basis by determining in real-time the market demand for each community and the economic
logic associated with stopping and restarting. We also looked at our planned starts, again, evaluating each
communities market demand if the particular home was in backlog and the mortgage status, if it was sold
or if the home was unsold. We paused about 4,100 starts in the quarter or 27% of what was planned.

Given this pause in land spend and fewer starts in our second quarter, the results for our land and cash
positions were temporarily altered by the actions we took. We ended the quarter with 3.9 years of land
owned compared to 4.5 years in Q2 of 2019 and with an increased percentage of homesites option of
32%, up from 25% last year.

The combination of slowing our land spend in the quarter, strong closings and executing on our strategy
of building strategic relationships to option homesites resulted in significant cash flow generation,
as we ended the quarter with $1.4 billion of cash on the balance sheet and 0 borrowed against our
revolver. Additionally, we repaid $300 million of senior notes and ended the quarter with a total debt to
capitalization of 31.2% versus 38.3% the prior year. Despite the daily intensity it took to manage through
the challenges of the pandemic, we still maintained our focus on becoming a land light company and are
on track to be migrating both our supply of land owned down to 3 years from the current 3.9 years and to
control 50% of our home sites through options as compared to the current 32% by the end of fiscal 2021.
We continue to work on and develop additional strategic relationships that are designed to facilitate our
reaching these goals.

Just as effectively as we paused, as we saw markets recover, we have recommenced land acquisition, land
development and home starts. We are confident we will have the home sites necessary to start and deliver
the homes we are projecting in our guidance.

Now I'll turn to our direct construction costs and the value of our Builder of Choice Program with our
trade partners. Simply put, our approach has been to understand what drives efficiencies from our trade
partners perspective that we can work openly with them to lower costs without hurting their margins. But
let me be clear, this work is anything but simple. It's beyond the rolling up of our sleeves to do the hard
work required, it's about building trust. It's all about our trade partners trusting that we will change the
way we manage our business for their benefit, and we will do what we say we're going to do. This takes
commitment from them and us, and it takes time.

Once this trust is established, it allows us to work together with our trade partners to remove cost from
the supply chain. A good example of this is our intense focus on even flow production. Using technology,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 16, 2020

our field is connected in real-time with our office and in turn, our office with our trade partners. This
connectivity enables construction to be on schedule and for schedules to be reliable. The predictability
this provides our trade partners allows them to eliminate overtime, which can save as much as $500
per home. This focus produced the fifth straight quarter where direct construction cost as a percent of
revenues fell.

In Q2, costs were at 44.5% of revenues, 50 and 200 basis point improvements sequentially and year-
over-year, respectively. This 200 basis point improvement in cost as a percent of revenue resulting from
the combination of pricing power and lower cost was the driver of our gross margin improvement of 150
basis points, which more than offset the increased cost of land and fees.

In our second quarter, our cost per square foot was down 130 basis points sequentially and 240 basis
points year-over-year. The cumulative effect of our strategic trade partner collaborations on removing
costs from the supply chain, ongoing value engineering workshops, which are now done virtually and our
strong purchasing organization, led by Paul Dodge and Kemp Gillis has led to continuously lower costs
which we believe will be sustainable given the buy-in from our trade partners and our Builder of Choice
Model.

I would like to highlight that these cost efficiencies have been achieved in an environment of increased
labor costs due to the labor shortage combined and at the same time, with a shift in product to smaller
and lower-priced homes. The math of smaller square footage and lower average sales price normally
increases both cost as a percent of revenues and cost per square foot. However, with our focus of working
collaboratively with our trade partners to remove cost from the supply chain, we have accomplished
lowering both of these cost metrics.

With respect to the labor shortage, I want to note that the homebuilding industry through the Leading
Builders of America is initiating a program to attract those who have been displaced by the pandemic. The
program will offer training for positions with the trades and presents the opportunity for an easing of the
labor constraint. Accordingly, as this occurs, the cost of labor should ease as well, as all these efforts take
cost out of the supply chain are critical for us to be able to build homes that consumers can afford.

With respect to the impact of the pandemic, what happened throughout the quarter demonstrated the
strength of our trade partner relationships. There are 4 areas where this working relationship is evident.
First is the work we did to help our trade partners navigate the CARES Act. The act pay revision for
Paycheck Protection Program loans that have the potential of keeping many of our trade partners and
their associates afloat. Unfortunately, the language in the legislation was very confusing, and nobody
really knew what to do. So Lennar took action. Led by our Vice President of Tax, Mike Petrolino, along with
the help of senior partners at Deloitte, we quickly put together an overview of the act for the benefit of
our trade partners. And on Sunday, March 29, just 1.5 days after the act was signed into law, we held
2 conference calls with over 5,000 of our trade partners in attendance. We spent the day walking them
through the act and answering their questions.

Next, was our commitment to the safety of our associates, customers and trade partners in our
communities. We've paused our warranty work as it was not safe to be sending workers into our homes.
We then repositioned our customer care associates to be COVID-19 safety officers on all of our job sites.
Working with our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Pascal, we produced safety guidelines and checklist to ensure
everyone's safety while construction continues. This was critical if we were to ensure the treatment of
housing as essential. In fact, we surveyed our trade and found that statistically they contracted the
COVID-19 virus at a much lower rate than the general population. We provided this information to various
states and local agencies as they evaluate the issue of allowing home construction to continue. Through
these efforts and more, we fulfilled our commitment to keep our associates, customers and trade partners
safe while continuing to deliver homes to eagerly awaiting families.

Thirdly, we worked closely with our trade partners to help us where they could to temporarily reduce costs
to make sure we can continue to sell homes as the pandemic took hold and economy went into shutdown
mode. Our trade partners stepped up allowing us to aggressively buy down interest rates, which helps
jump start our sales.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 16, 2020

Finally, with the help of our trade partners and the focused work of our national purchasing team, we
navigated the various pandemic-related supply chain disruptions, first in China and then in Mexico. For
each manufacturer, we classified the risk level, regularly monitored their current inventories, develop Plan
Bs and Plan Cs and provided home and community level forecasting to give detailed view of our needs.
The primary disruptions occurred in Mexican factories impacting cabinets, door hardware, appliances and
interiors. We successfully managed through all these disruptions to avoid any delays. As of today, all of
our manufacturers are open and with improving capacity.

I want to take this opportunity to personally thank all of our trade partners and our Lennar team for
working so effectively through this crisis. Together, we're able to navigate this unprecedented time and
deliver homes, essential homes to families across America.

Now I'd like to turn it over to Diane.

Diane J. Bessette
VP, CFO & Treasurer

Thank you, Jon, and good morning to everyone. I'd like to spend just a few minutes reviewing the
highlights from our second quarter. For many decades, we have operated with a balance sheet first
philosophy and a strong focus on liquidity. And so for today, that's where I'd like to start.

As noted, with our laser focus on generating cash and preserving cash, we ended the quarter with
$1.4 billion of cash and no borrowings outstanding on our $2.45 billion revolving credit facility, thereby
providing total liquidity of $3.85 billion. At quarter end, our homebuilding debt to total capital ratio was
31.2% versus 38.3% in the prior year. This is the lowest debt to total capital ratio since Q1 of 2007.

As we look at the balance of the year, we have a very manageable level of debt maturities with only $300
million due in November after having repaid $300 million in May. In the last 2 years, we have repaid $2.5
billion of senior notes from cash flow generated from operations. Our stockholders' equity increased to $17
billion, and our book value per share was $52.98.

And so with those balance sheet highlights, let me briefly review our operating performance. Stuart, Rick
and Jon provided most of the details. So here's a quick summary of the highlights. The new orders, we
ended the quarter down 10%. Our sales pace was 3.5% for the quarter compared to 3.7% in the prior
year. Our cancellation rate was 19% compared to 15% in the prior year. For the quarter, deliveries were
relatively flat year-over-year as we remained intensely focused on cash generation. Our gross margin
was 21.6%, as Jon mentioned, primarily as a result of our focus on construction costs, and our SG&A
was 8.3% as a result of creating an efficient platform. And the 8.3% is the lowest second quarter SG&A
percentage we've ever achieved. Then our financial services team also executed at high levels.

Mortgage operating earnings increased to $81 million compared to $43 million in the prior year. During
the quarter, we sold our legacy servicing portfolio for a gain of $5 million and eliminated potential future
liabilities. Additionally, mortgage earnings primarily benefited from a higher capture rate 82% versus 75%
last year, a lower percentage of cash buyers during the quarter, a higher percentage of locks on deliveries
that will occur in Q3 as a result of record low interest rates and a continued decrease in loan origination
costs.

Title operating earnings were $17 million compared to $15 million in the prior year. Title earnings
increased due to an increase in profit per closed order, which was driven by cost reductions. LMS
commercial had an operating loss of $6 million compared to operating earnings of $6 million in the prior
year, primarily as a result of the COVID-19 effects on the capital market. However, during the quarter, we
were pleased to be part of one securitization though at a lower than normal margins, but still positive.

Additionally, during the quarter, we deconsolidated stage title, the process required us to perform a fair
market value analysis of our interest, which resulted in a $61 million gain.

And 2 other final items. In the category of land sales, we recorded a $23 million write-off of costs related
to the Concord naval base located northeast of San Francisco since we are not moving forward with this
development. In the category of Lennar other, we recorded a $25 million charge, which was our share of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 16, 2020

a valuation adjustment related to the Rialto legacy fund. This adjustment was primarily a result of the
disruption in the capital markets as a result of the COVID-19 environment.

So with that quick summary, let me provide you with detailed guidance for Q3 and high-level guidance for
our core operations in Q4. So starting with Q3 and homebuilding. We expect new orders between 12,800
and 13,000. We expect to deliver between 13,200 and 13,400 homes. Our average sales price should be
in the range of 380,000 to 385,000 as we continue to move down the price growth. We expect to continue
to maintain our gross margins in the range of 21.5% to 21.75%, and our SG&A should be in the range
of 8.3% to 8.5%. And for the combined homebuilding joint ventures, land sales and other categories, we
expect a loss of approximately $20 million to $30 million due to the current delay of land sales activities.

Turning to our ancillary businesses. We believe our financial services earnings will be approximately $70
million based on more normalized metrics in the third quarter. For our Multifamily segment, we expect a
loss of approximately $5 million. And for the Lennar Other category, we expect to be above breakeven. We
expect corporate G&A to be about $90 million for the quarter. We expect our tax rate to be approximately
23.1%, and we -- the average share count should be approximately 309 million shares. This guidance
should produce an EPS range of $1.46 to $1.59.

And now let me provide a few high-level estimates for Q4 for homebuilding and financial services. For
homebuilding, we expect new orders between 12,000 and 12,250. We expect to deliver between 14,300
and 14,600 homes. Our Q4 volume will be impacted, as we mentioned, by the slowdown in starts during
our second quarter. Our average sales price should be in the range of $380,000, and we expect our gross
margin to be in the range of 21.75% to 22% and our SG&A around 8%. And for financial services, we
believe we will have operating earnings of about $60 million.
We hope you find this guidance helpful. And with that, let's turn it over to the operator.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 16, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Stephen Kim from Evercore ISI.

Stephen Kim
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Strong results, and thanks for all the additional disclosure and getting everything to us so quickly, in
particular. My first question relates to the margin. Well, actually, you gave really good strong margin
guidance, but, I guess, one surprising issue was your orders looking in 3Q and 4Q to be down year-over-
year. I know you've sort of addressed it a little bit and said that you made some comments about second
wave concerns. You also talked about lower community count. And I guess I'm just trying to get a sense
for how much of these second wave concerns are baked into your outlook? If these second wave concerns,
let's say, were not to materialize, could you actually see order growth to remain up double digits like it's
running in June? Or do you actually think that the supply constraint issues that you've got and community
count shortfall would continue to keep pressure on your order growth and that you would just simply raise
price more aggressively in the face of that?

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

So thanks, Steve. And first of all, let me say, I know that we packed a lot of information into our
opening remarks. And so we're going to take Q&A for a little bit longer. But thanks for the question. Rick
highlighted that our sales as we came into June are up over 20%. And we're not giving exact numbers
because we really don't want to get carried away with it, but the market is strong. And just the discussions
with our divisions really across the country is that they're seeing really strong activity. It's hard to tell
what portion of that is a push forward or push into the third quarter -- the second quarter traditional
selling season. And what represents a rethinking of where people live and how they want to live and what
-- how sticky that's going to be. So what you're seeing in our guidance is a clear understanding that the
market is strong. And yes, it can remain strong as we go forward. There is a supply constraint. Interest
rates are low and are likely to stay low for a period of time. The economy is certainly looking for ways to
recover. And with recovery and reduced unemployment rates, there's cause for optimism. I would think
that the housing market and its strength will contribute to job creation absorbing some of the people who
might have lost their jobs more permanently. So there are reasons for optimism, and we do think that
sales can be stronger. We are going to balance between pricing and pace as we move through the third
quarter and into the fourth.

On the other side, we inject some conservatism in our projections or in our guidance because we're still
learning, we're still looking at how the economy will actually resolve the disruption that it's gone through,
how jobs will come back. There's certainly the cloud of social unrest right now. So there are questions out
there and moderating factors. There's upside in our numbers, particularly on sales. There's also caution,
and we're trying to weave that balance and be straight as we look at giving guidance for going forward.

Jonathan M. Jaffe
President & Director

Steve, it's Jon. Let's remember, as I said, we intentionally pulled back on about 4,100 starts, and we're
going to manage carefully not to be selling too far forward into the future. And so we're going to control
the sales pace even though the market might allow us to sell at a faster pace. We're going to make sure
that we match to our production pace.

Stephen Kim
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Yes. I mean, particularly when you have a rising price environment, selling too far upfront doesn't make
a lot of sense. Yes. And that conservatism is welcome and understood. Second question relates to what
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 16, 2020

-- some of the things you touched on, there are a lot of societal factors that have been changing more
rapidly than I think we've ever seen, and a lot of those are really positive it seems like for your business
and for homebuilding in general, the suburban versus urban living preference. I mean, so many things,
home offices, recreation space, outdoor living, et cetera, et cetera. I'm interested in your perspective
about the drivers to these changes and their permanence or at least their likelihood -- the likelihood that
some of these drivers will last long enough for you to make investments that will pay off over a period
of years, not months. I'm thinking like things like the social distancing thing that we've all gotten used
to, how long do you think that's going to drive some changes in the kind of housing that people want?
Maybe increased urban safety concerns that you've touched on, increased work from home, which of
these things do you think are going to be temporary? Which do you think are going to be lasting and give
you the opportunity to actually invest to capitalize on them? And are you doing that yet, making those
investments?

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

So let me just give a quick response and ask Rick to chime in, in a second. But look, there's no way in the
middle of crisis to figure out what's going to be short-term and what's going to be long term, and we're
going to feel our way through this. There are certain elements that are clearly going to be with us for a
very long period of time, and that is the migration to technologies that we're all learning to use that are
enhancing customer experience that I detailed in my portion. But relative to the trends of migrating from
cities to suburban mobility and that having been put on pause and some of the other questions out there,
how long-term they're going to be, we're going to have to wait and see some of the elements like work
from home and having an office at home, we think that these are going to have some stickiness. So Rick,
why don't you weigh in on that?

Richard Beckwitt
CEO & Director

Yes. I agree with Stuart. We're going to have to see how things evolve. But we do have some trends that
are really positive. Going into this, we had the millennial population that was going through, wanting to
move to the suburbs, having babies and things like that. On top of this, we've seen a mass flight from
highly populated areas where people just really don't want to be confined in small spaces. So we are
really positioned well and have been investing in opportunities and contracting for land to take advantage
of this. One of the most interesting dynamics that we're looking at is with the dramatic fall in oil prices,
people have the ability if they need to commute, to commute at much more affordable levels, but many
times now since you can work at home, you don't need to drive anywhere. So that really opens up a vast
amount of opportunities for us as we look down the road.

Operator

Next, we have Ivy Zelman from Zelman Associates.

Ivy Lynne Zelman
Zelman & Associates LLC

I apologize that I did unfortunately got kicked off the call. So I missed much of the opening comments.
But first, I just want to recognize and congratulate all of you for navigating such incredibly challenging
times and having such a spectacular financial performance. It really was remarkable. So I'm not just
saying it to say it, but it really is something we should all acknowledge, so first and foremost. It's difficult
to ask the questions that I have with not repeating a lot of what you've already commented on, but you
guys have a very unique perspective having a Multifamily business. And we hear a lot from the publicly-
traded REITs that they're not seeing flight from the urban core to the suburbs. Their turnover numbers are
actually only up marginally, but still at extremely depressed levels. So it's very difficult to triangulate a lot
of what we're hearing about with people wanting in your "in the press release" about people leaving the
urban dense areas for space, safety, all the things that we talked about and taking advantage of record
low mortgage rates and wanting to be in a home where they have the ability to have all of those factors
today that are socially important for living and safety for their families, technology. So maybe you can

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 16, 2020

give us some data around some of the things that you've noted, I promise I'll stop talking in a minute.
But when you look at -- you hear builders, we ask them, where is all this demand coming from? It's crazy,
strong. It's everything against what we would have expected in a massive unemployment environment
we're in, and their answer is, well, really nothing's changed. It's the same reasons people have been
buying. It's just accelerating. But there's no question more renters are converting to homeowners. So
maybe try to triangulate a little bit for us what you're seeing from maybe entry-level versus move up,
are people leaving New York City and buying move up homes? Are you seeing maybe some delineation
between product categories, you mentioned entry-level being really strong. I'll stop because I can keep
going, and I'm sure I'm confusing you with too much at once. So I'll stop right there.

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

I know that we set the stage with long-winded introductions, and you've certainly carried it forward.
So your next question is going to have to be shorter. So let me say that there is no story. There are
many stories, and many of the stories are playing out. Just to give you some data, I was talking this
morning to our Southeast Florida division, Carlos Gonzalez. And Carlos enthusiastically said that 31%
of his sales most recently have come from the City of Miami to the suburban areas of Miami, migrating
to the suburban areas. So we're hearing that kind of empirical data that is just starting to percolate up
where we're starting to see that some of these stories are really playing out, the migration from rental
communities to single-family homes or even single-family for rent. These are all stories that are just
starting to play out. We don't have enough data around it. We will over time.

But with that said, we don't know the permanence. How long-lasting it's going to be, and we want to
moderate with that, but there are a myriad of stories. And maybe Jon and Rick will chime in and share
some of their thoughts.

Jonathan M. Jaffe
President & Director

I think we're seeing more people move out of apartments into new homes versus existing homes. So I
think it makes sense to me that on the Multifamily side, they're not seeing a rapid spike in their -- perhaps
in their turnover, but it doesn't take many basis points of market shift from existing to new to really
impact the demand for us. And I think we're definitely seeing that because in all our divisions, as Stuart
noted, with Southeast Florida, we're seeing a pickup in sales of people coming directly out of apartments.

Richard Beckwitt
CEO & Director

And Ivy, one other point, and you've seen it in how you're tracking the better run and higher Class A
REITs, is in our Multifamily business, our occupancy really hasn't changed much. We have people paying
rent, and it really didn't have a big dip in any of that. And what we've seen as we've really drilled down is
it's coming from the non-Class A lower quality apartments where people don't want to live there anymore.
In the higher Class A that have good amenities, there's people that want to live there. But we're seeing a
mass exodus from the lower quality non-amenitized departments across the U.S.

Ivy Lynne Zelman
Zelman & Associates LLC

And from the perspective of affordability, as builders are right now taking advantage of the strength,
they're raising prices and mortgage rates have obviously ticked considerably lower compared to last year.
But is there a level that concerns you that, that favorable affordability for those Class B tenants that might
be driving this exodus, what does it do to rents? And what is it going to do demand if homebuilders keep
pushing price?

Richard Beckwitt
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 16, 2020

I think we're just going to have to monitor how things change in the economy. We're seeing a lot of double
dual income folks coming to our communities. We're -- with mortgage rates as low as they are, small price
changes, even incremental within a couple of months, really don't move the needle that much. So it's an
interesting phenomenon right now.

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

Yes. I think an additional point is we're going to have to see how employment starts to shake out. When
we think about long term, how the market is actually going to be receptive to the way -- to the migrations
that are out there. It seems, and it feels that employment is going to snap back to some extent. It's not
going to be back at 3.5%. There are going to be some disruptions out there, but at the same time, there
are a number of people who are finding that they have affordability. And remember, one of the most
difficult things to accumulate is a down payment. And with people having stayed at home for so long, not
having restaurants and movie theaters and other activities open, the ability to save has actually increased
the amount of deposit money available to customers. So all of these things are working together. We'll
see how they play out over time. It's part of the reason that we've conservatized some of our numbers
because we recognize that we're going to have to wait and see on some of these items. So next question?

Operator

Next, we have Truman Patterson from Wells Fargo.

Truman Andrew Patterson
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Let me also throw on great results. So following up on Ivy's question, one of the big questions in the
market clearly is how sustainable the demand is and whether this rebound is being driven by that pent-up
demand potentially, which could trail off. So a couple of questions that I'm hoping you can give us a little
bit of color on. One, what portion of your sales today are being driven by, we'll call it pre-COVID traffic
from the first half of March and before? And then the second part, for sustainability, any idea of what
portion of your entry-level purchasers are using government stimulus checks as down payments, a family
of 4 essentially just got a $3,400 check from the government, which can usually go a long way towards a
down payment? Any idea or any way you can help us with either of those questions, I'd appreciate it.

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

Jon, Rick?

Jonathan M. Jaffe
President & Director

I think with respect to your last question, Truman, it's -- you think about qualification requirements to
purchase a home, the people that we're seeing buying our homes today for the most part are not relying
on the government assistance checks. They're employed for someone to purchase and close, they've got
job security. So we're really not seeing that. As Stuart said a moment ago, it's -- we really -- and Rick
said, we really have to wait and see how things unfold with how sustainable some of these trends are.
And how much of it is the pull back from what was missed in the second half of March and beginning of
April, which was in the middle of a very strong spring selling season, how much of these are trends of a
strengthening of the millennials moving to the suburbs and people are looking for a better way to have
a home office, all the factors that we know are playing out right now, we're going to have to see how
sustainable they are.

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

I would just add to that, Jon, and say let's remember that what was disrupted by the pandemic was an
already very strong housing market. And we were just entering the selling season in a market that was
already revealing itself as being fairly robust. When we announced our first quarter earnings, while it took

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 16, 2020

a back seat to the discussion about what was happening to the broader economy, our earnings picture
was very strong. Our sales were very strong. And so it makes sense that with a basically 2- to 3-month
hiatus or slowdown in the middle that the traffic that was already embedded is somewhat coming forward,
but it's added to by the number of narratives that are playing out at the same time, deciphering which is
which is a little bit complicated.

The other thing I want to highlight and remind people is we have talked for the past years about a
production deficit. We have been underproducing homes dwelling from multifamily rental all the way
through to single-family suburban across the board, the country has been underproducing homes for a
very long time, for certainly the past 10 years. And that underproduction means we have short supply
against strong demand, pent-up demand, stalled demand and this is likely to be with us for some period
of time. We do not have an overstated inventory to absorb that demand. So we're likely to see an
undersupply meeting with a strong demand for some period of time.

Truman Andrew Patterson
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. If I could just parse the data a little bit further, really kind of micro near-term trends, what was the
back half of May's year-over-year growth rate and with June trending up over 20% year-over-year? Could
you maybe discuss the gross order improvement? Is this, to an extent, being driven by a massive decline
in the cancellation rate?

Richard Beckwitt
CEO & Director

So the cancellation rate really has come down, as I highlighted. And we also pointed out that through the
month of May, each week got picked up in activity. So the last week of May was stronger than the first
week of May. And then really going back over the last 6 weeks, in each of those weeks, we sold north of
1,000 homes increasing during that time period. So we did see the market solidify, that continued into
June. And the markets got a good solid footing right now.

Truman Andrew Patterson
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Okay. Is there any way to parse out the back half of May's growth rate and that can rate versus how
June's can rate is trending?

Richard Beckwitt
CEO & Director

We really haven't talked about June can rate, but that has come down. And I just want to be very
careful to not give too many micro statistics associated with the business. The trend line was consistent
throughout the month, increasing week-to-week and continuing into June.

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

Next question, and we'll probably cut it at that point. Two more questions. Okay, go ahead.

Operator

Our next question is from Michael Rehaut from JPMorgan.

Michael Jason Rehaut
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

First thing, I just wanted to circle back from my first question on the order guidance and you kind of
talked about, Stuart, that there is an element of conservatism here, which is understandable as well as
concern -- not concerns, but a trajectory around community count being impacted by some of the land
spend and other constraints out there. Hoping to get a sense for what you're thinking about in particular
with regards to community count, trying to decouple those drivers and get a sense for how you're thinking

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 16, 2020

of the community count trajectory, it ended the quarter at $12.45, where that could be by year-end? And
from that, is there kind of a margin of error that you're injecting from a conservative standpoint? Are
you kind of taking a 10% haircut, let's say, if there's any type of quantification of what that conservatism
might be?

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

Before I let Rick answer that question, let me just say that community count, we have all learned
together is one of the most difficult numbers to project. It moves around a lot. And in the context of the
environment that we've been working in with municipality offices shutting down, being less available,
getting fewer permits out of them for land development, it becomes even more difficult. So I'll let Rick
take it from there.

Richard Beckwitt
CEO & Director

So I'll take the question that we really don't know the great answer to, which is we expect our community
count to dip slightly in Q3, stabilize in Q4 and we're optimistic as we enter 2021 through the balance of
2021 that will see probably a 5% increase in community count in 2021. Just really can't underestimate the
difficulty it has been getting communities out of the ground as towns and municipalities reopen up and do
permitting.

Michael Jason Rehaut
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. I appreciate that. And I assume you mean when you say dipped slightly, you mean from 2Q levels.
The second question I had was also just kind of circling back to the various initiatives that you've had in
place for quite some time around efficiency measures, both on the construction side and on the SG&A and
recognizing that there are probably dozens of initiatives on both of those line items, maybe a little hard to
quantify. But I was hoping for any type of thought around what this means over the next couple of years
from a margin benefit standpoint, both on the growth side with the various construction initiatives that
you've done as well as the SG&A cost reducing efforts. If there's any way to kind of think about this or
some type of guidance that maybe not formal guidance but just directional guidance, how we should think
about all else equal, obviously, what this means for those metrics, the growth side and the SG&A side?

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

So Mike, we have daylighted that our focus has been on all ranges of technology across our platform
because there is a direct translation to bringing out the cost side of our world down. It's everything from
construction cost, to labor costs, to internal efficiencies in the way that we internally transmit and report
our numbers and all the way through to our customer experience and the way that we interact with our
customers. Part of our initiative is designed to make sure that we're able to produce affordable housing.
So it's not going to all flow through to margin. It's going to help us keep our home prices affordable as we
go forward. And so it's not a direct relationship to our margin because some of these initiatives are going
to flow through to the benefit of our customers. But with that said, we think that our margins will improve.
You're already seeing some of that improvement injected going forward. Some of that derives from things
like pricing power, some of it derives from things like reduced incentives or reduced realtor cooperation.
But it's all parts of our business of bringing our cost structure down.

With that said and to directly answer your question, we look over the next couple of years at the 100 basis
points, maybe a couple of hundred basis points that flow through. And these are our objectives as we
think about it, it's more of an internal number than part of our guidance right now, but you're definitely
seeing improvement in the way that our cost structure is configured. Last question.

Operator

And our last question is from Mike Dahl from RBC Capital Market.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 16, 2020

Michael Glaser Dahl
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Stuart, actually, just a couple of follow-ups on some of the internal initiatives. I guess, specifically first
on the virtual sales shift. And in addition to an enhanced customer experience, it sounds like some nice
financial benefits. But within those comments around the margin, can you help us understand what
percentage or any metrics around what portion of your sales force has effectively shifted to more of the
virtual new home coordinators versus in community salespeople?

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

The shift today has been fairly mild. People are still learning to properly use and engage the digital
technologies and that learning curve takes some time to implement and to perfect. But as we perfect
it, we're going to see a greater number of both our customers enjoying the digital engagement and the
autonomy as well as our new home consultants and what we call our Internet new home consultants, or
ISCs, really being able to work with those tools and be far more effective than efficient. This is a migration
that's going to take place over the next quarters and years. And I think we'll be better equipped to answer
as we develop additional experience. But I will say that the way I think about this is we've had probably
a year or 2 of change management get incorporated over just the past 3 months as we've reeducated
or educated our new home consultants and our customer base that these tools exist and they're quite
beneficial to a better experience.

Jonathan M. Jaffe
President & Director

And I would just add that I agree with Stuart. But really 100% of our new home consultants and Internet
sales consultants are using our virtual tools today. It's really a question of them becoming experts at it
and really comfortable with it. We've launched a series of training programs that we take our associate
to how to sell virtually, and it's rapidly accelerating, but it is change management, and it will continue to
improve.

Michael Glaser Dahl
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. And then a follow-up for me is then another internal initiative question just around build cycles. You
talked about some of the centralized scheduling. And I was wondering if you could just quantify, clearly,
there are some moving pieces with some of the shutdowns, but maybe at the trough of the issues in
March or April, how much had your build cycle widened out or lengthened? And then do you have any sort
of metric you're tracking against with some of these initiatives? And in terms of how many days do you
think you can shave off the build cycle by some of these -- with some of these efficiency and digital tools?

Jonathan M. Jaffe
President & Director

What we are seeing is a steady decline as we look year-over-year and sequentially, the quarter is a decline
in our build cycle time. And so we've seen, as an example, this quarter compared to a year ago about a
15-day decline in our cycle time. So all elements of efficiency from the coordination with our trade, even
flow focus, the benefits of everything is included in today's world. I think just our total Builder of Choice
program has attracted trades to us making sure that we have the trade power that we need on the jobs
as we need them. And we're there to facilitate things flowing more smoothly for them. So I think that's
another trend that I expect to see continue for us as a continued contraction of that.

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

Rick, do you want to weigh in on that?

Richard Beckwitt
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 16, 2020

Going down.

Stuart A. Miller
Executive Chairman

Going down. I think with that succinct answer, we'll end it there. I want to thank everybody for joining us
and for enduring some rather long and windy opening remarks. I know it starts with me, but we felt that
we wanted to share more information at what can be a confusing time and look forward to reporting in a
more condensed way, our third quarter is a few months from now. Thank you for joining.

Operator
Thank you all for participating in today's conference. You may disconnect your lines. And enjoy the rest of
your day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

LENNAR CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 16, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

