Lincoln National Corporation NYSE:LNC
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 06, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.54

1.82

18.18

2.21

8.95

10.77

Revenue  (mm)

4783.26

4762.00

(0.44 %)

4765.59

18984.96

19415.83

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-06-2021 10:30 AM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.38

2.01

1.91

1.54

0.97

(0.72)

1.78

1.82

SURPRISE

(29.71 %)

NM

(6.81 %)

18.18 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Al Copersino
VP & Head of Investor Relations

Dennis Robert Glass
President, CEO & Director

Randal Jay Freitag
Executive VP, CFO & Head of
Individual Life

ANALYSTS

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Hung-Fai Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

John Bakewell Barnidge
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and thank you for joining Lincoln Financial Group's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions]

Now I'd like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Al Copersino. Please
go ahead, sir.

Al Copersino
VP & Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, Catherine. Good morning, and welcome to Lincoln Financial's First Quarter Earnings Call.
Before we begin, I have an important reminder. Any comments made during the call regarding future
expectations, deposits, expenses, income from operations, share repurchases and liquidity and capital
resources are forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially from current expectations.

These risks and uncertainties include those described in the cautionary statement disclosures in our
earnings release issued yesterday, as well as those detailed in our 2020 annual report on Form 10-K,
most recent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and from time to time in our other filings with the SEC. These
forward-looking statements are made only as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise
any of them to reflect events or circumstances that occur after this date.

We appreciate your participation today and invite you to visit Lincoln's website, www.lincolnfinancial.com,
where you can find our press release and statistical supplement, which include full reconciliations of the
non-GAAP measures used on this call, including adjusted return on equity and adjusted income from
operations or adjusted operating income to the most comparable GAAP measures.

Presenting on today's call are Dennis Glass, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Randy Freitag,
Chief Financial Officer and Head of Individual Life. After their prepared remarks, we will move to the
question-and-answer portion of the call. I would now like to turn the call over to Dennis.

Dennis Robert Glass
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Al. Good morning, everyone. Lincoln had a strong start to the year against an improving
but still challenging environment. We have continued to execute our reprice, shift and add new product
strategy, manage expenses, improve the customer experience and maintain a strong balance sheet.

First quarter earnings were affected by elevated pandemic-related claims in our Life and Group
businesses, though this was partially offset by another quarter of strong returns from our alternative
investment portfolio. We are pleased with the earnings power Lincoln showed in the quarter and the
outlook for our business is positive.

Now let me touch on the major initiatives that are helping bolster our franchise and earnings power. First,
as a result of our proactive and disciplined repricing actions, we are achieving targeted returns in each
of our businesses. As a result of our reprice, shift and add new product strategy and the fact that several
peers filed our repricing actions, our sales pipelines have begun to expand, and we expect continued sales
recovery in the upcoming quarters.

We're introducing 8 new products in the first half of this year, which increased consumer choice,
broadened the product portfolio and enabled our participation in more market segments. Our new product
strategy also gives us a great deal of optionality. If interest rates remain low, our newly launched products
will remain attractive given their strong consumer value propositions driven by their innovative product

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

design. If rates continue to rise, in addition to these newer products, some offerings already on our show
would once again resonate with consumers, and that would also be beneficial to Lincoln's sales results.

Second, we are focused on actions to increase productivity across our manufacturing, operations and
distribution organizations while enhancing the customer and partner experience. We continue to report
declining expense ratios in most of our businesses, while at the same time, investing in client-facing digital
tools. Our demonstrated expense management capabilities will guide us as we start another meaningful
expense savings program later this year.

Third, we have successfully focused on improving the balance sheet. Both our RBC ratio and cash at
the holding company have increased and remained above target, giving us the confidence to increase
our share repurchase pace. Furthermore, as we evaluate risk transfer deals, we would expect for this to
provide additional upside potential to our capital deployment if finalized.

Now turning to the business segments. Starting with annuities. We continue to successfully leverage
our industry-leading manufacturing capabilities to create new customer value propositions and expand
our already broad product portfolio. Last year, we established ourselves as a leader in indexed variable
annuities. This year, we are seeing growth in both IVAs and traditional variable annuities without
living benefits, with total sales of nonliving benefit VAs up 44% versus the prior year quarter and 9%
sequentially.

Growth in these products, combined with continued market demand for guaranteed living benefits, led
to total VA sales growth both versus the prior year quarter and sequentially. We had projected sales to
begin the year at a similar pace to that seen in the fourth quarter and build over the course of the year as
we benefit from products introduced both this year and last. And we are pleased to see that sales growth
is ahead of our expected pace. In fact, this was the first quarter in a year that we saw sequential sales
growth across all product categories in the Annuities business.

While we experienced negative net flows in the quarter, this is a direct result of management's actions
to maintain rigorous return standards and to allow us to continue to direct capital to the highest and
best use. In 2021, we expect the earnings to continue to benefit from our high-quality in-force book that
generates consistent cash flows and returns and provides excellent value for customers.

In Retirement Plan Services, we once again reported strong results driven by our digitally optimized
model. This model, where high tech enables high touch, differentiates us in the virtual environment. Our
innovative product development capabilities are driving results, and we are excited about the continued
success of our target date fund alternative, YourPath, as well as the recent launch of Income America, an
innovative and simplified income solution for Retirement Plan participants.

Although total deposits were down slightly compared to the very strong prior year quarter, we are
optimistic looking forward given our robust sales pipeline. We reported positive net flows once again this
quarter. And while flows can be lumpy, we expect this momentum to persist as we remain well positioned
in our target markets. It was another excellent quarter for the retirement business, and we expect to
benefit from the tailwinds of an improved economic backdrop, our ongoing investments in the customer
experience, and our expanding set of solutions aimed at helping Americans secure their retirement.

Within the Life Insurance business, we are positioning ourselves for growth through product innovation
and distribution expansion. Sales in the quarter were flat, sequentially, but we expect will ramp up over
the course of the year as we begin to reap the benefits of solutions we've recently launched into the
market.

We're seeing good momentum with some key new product rollouts. Our expanded VUL offerings continue
to gain shelf space and our innovative MoneyGuard Market Advantage product is appealing to new market
segments. Additionally, we are beginning to attract a broader range of advisers with nearly 1/4 being
producers who had not previously sold a MoneyGuard product.

These new products, coupled with our existing life offerings and the industry's strongest distribution force,
position Lincoln for long-term success at attractive returns. Additionally, we are expanding our strong
distribution network by adding our life insurance products to the shelf of a large P&C insurer where we

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

have an existing annuity distribution partnership. We are seeing good early momentum, particularly with
our TermAccel solution, which is a fully digital experience and is enabling us to reach a different customer
segment.

I'm pleased with the solid results the Life Insurance business reported. I'm also excited that Lincoln is
introducing products with new value propositions that are resonating with customers and helping to drive
future growth.

Lastly, on Group Protections. Premiums rose more than 2% over the prior year quarter and nearly 7%
sequentially, driven by improved persistency, price increases and organic growth resulting from the
economic recovery. Sales in what is typically a seasonally smaller quarter were down versus the strong
prior year quarter. However, underlying drivers were positive as 2/3 of our sales were employee paid
products.

As we communicated last quarter, we are taking actions to increase Group Protection margins. We are
already seeing improved results as factors such as pricing actions, higher persistency and investments in
our claim organization have put our margin, excluding the pandemic and excess alternative income, in the
lower end of our targeted range. We continue to expect further expansion, building gradually towards the
upper end of our 5% to 7% margin target.

Briefly on investment results. As I mentioned earlier, our portfolio is performing quite well. Overall credit
quality remains high and has continued to improve in recent years, driven by our high-quality new money
purchases and proactive derisking. 96% of our fixed income assets are investment grade, with 59% rated
A or higher. Our well-diversified commercial mortgage loan book has continued to perform well during the
pandemic with virtually no credit losses and minimal loan modifications.

Additionally, our alternatives performance was once again strong, driven by our portfolio construction that
emphasized buyout and growth equity strategies, with a quarterly return of 8%, significantly exceeding
our long-term target quarterly return of 2.5%.

In closing, I would note, sales momentum is building at attractive returns, driven by new product
introductions that resonate with our customer and expanded shelf space across distribution channels.
Continued equity market tailwinds should boost earnings from fees on assets under management in the
Annuities and RPS businesses. The outlook for the Life Insurance business is strong, as our new products
are starting to take hold in the market. Group Protection's underlying profitability is experiencing an
ongoing recovery.

Expense savings initiatives will continue to contribute to earnings growth. And our robust balance sheet,
high-quality investment portfolio, strong free cash flow generation and capital ratios, as well as the
opportunity to execute risk transfer deals all leave Lincoln in an excellent position to fund expected sales
growth while increasing our capital deployment. Based on these positive trends, 2021 is shaping up to be
a successful year, and I expect will improve on this quarter's results. I will now turn the call over to Randy.

Randal Jay Freitag
Executive VP, CFO & Head of Individual Life

Thank you, Dennis. Last night, we reported first quarter adjusted operating income of $350 million or
$1.82 per share. There were no notable items within the current or prior year quarter. However, this
quarter's result was impacted by a number of items.

First, pandemic-related claims reduced earnings by $222 million or $1.15 per share. Second, results
benefited from strong performance in the alternatives investment portfolio, boosting earnings by $84
million or $0.43 per share above target. Third, there was $11 million, or $0.06 per share of unfavorable
tax adjustments. Finally, within the Other Operations segment, there was $11 million or $0.06 per share of
expense variability related to elevated deferred compensation costs resulting from the increase in Lincoln
share price during the quarter.

Adding these items together, it was no doubt an extremely strong quarter that highlights our underlying
earnings power. Net income totaled $225 million or $1.16 per share, with the difference between net

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

income and adjusted operating income primarily being driven by $144 million noneconomic loss from
variable annuity nonperformance risk. The VA hedge program performed exceptionally well with 99%
effectiveness in the quarter.

Moving to the performance of key financial metrics compared to the prior year quarter. Adjusted operating
revenue increased 6%, with operating revenue growth in each of our 4 business segments. Average
account values increased 15%. The expense ratio declined in all businesses, except Group Protection,
where it remained flat. And book value per share, excluding AOCI, stands at $72.36, an all-time high.

Now turning to segment results, starting with Annuities. Operating income for the quarter was $290
million compared to $261 million in the prior year quarter. The increase was primarily due to higher
account values driven by growth in the equity markets as favorable alternative investment income was
offset by $9 million of the unfavorable tax adjustment that I noted upfront. Average account values of
$160 billion increased 16% year-over-year and 6% on a sequential basis, as equity market strength over
the past year more than offset negative net flows. This contributed to a 7% increase in operating revenues
in the quarter.

Base spreads, excluding variable investment income, were down 18 basis points sequentially, primarily
driven by noneconomic change in the spread calculation methodology. G&A expenses, net of amounts
capitalized, decreased 3% from the prior year quarter, leading to a 100 basis point improvement in the
expense ratio. Return metrics remained solid despite fewer fee days in the quarter, with return on assets
coming in at 72 basis points and return on equity at 22.9%.

Risk metrics on the VA book continued to demonstrate the quality of our in-force business, with the net
amount at risk at 64 basis points of account values for living benefits and at 36 basis points for death
benefits. Growing account values, a quality book of business, and expense discipline are all indicators of
strong future performance from the Annuity business.

Retirement Plan Services reported operating income of $57 million compared to $40 million in the
prior year quarter, driven by higher account values, expense management and favorable alternative
investment performance, which more than offset spread compression and $2 million of the unfavorable
tax adjustment. Deposits totaled $2.6 billion and net flows continue to be positive with $347 million in
the quarter, consistent with recent periods. These positive flows, combined with favorable equity markets,
drove average account values up 18% over the prior year quarter.

G&A expenses net of amounts capitalized were down 4% compared to the prior year quarter, driving a
320 basis point improvement in the expense ratio. Base spreads, excluding variable investment income,
compressed 12 basis points versus the prior year quarter, back in line with our stated 10 to 15 basis point
range as crediting rate actions take hold.

The Retirement business started the year with strong results, including a 25 basis point ROA with
continued momentum in flows and expense management serving as positive drivers going forward.

Turning to Life Insurance. We reported operating income of $107 million. While down from $171 million in
the prior year quarter due to the pandemic, these results were solid and reflect strong underlying business
drivers. This quarter's earnings included $132 million of excess pandemic-related mortality, partly offset
by $59 million of favorable alternative investment experience. Underlying earnings drivers continued to
show growth, with average account values up 10% and average life insurance in-force up 8% over the
prior year.

G&A expenses net of amounts capitalized decreased 2% from the prior year quarter, leading to a 60 basis
point improvement in the expense ratio. Base spreads declined 2 basis points compared to the prior year
quarter, better than our 5 to 10 basis point expectation. Outside of the impacts from the pandemic, the
Life Insurance business had a strong quarter and key growth drivers remain positive. We expect pandemic
headwinds to decline over the course of the year as vaccines are more widely rolled out. This combination
of underlying growth and improving mortality results positions us nicely for improved results looking
forward.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Group Protection reported a loss from operations of $26 million compared to operating earnings of $40
million in the prior year quarter, with the decrease driven by $90 million of pandemic-related claims, with
61 million of direct COVID-19 mortality, 7 million of morbidity and 22 million of indirect mortality. This was
partially offset by $6 million of favorable alternative investment experience. The reported total loss ratio
was 86.8% in the quarter, 1 percentage point better sequentially as an increase in the life loss ratio was
more than offset by improvement in the disability loss ratio.

Excluding pandemic-related claims from both periods, the total loss ratio was 76.6% for the quarter,
down 2.3 percentage points sequentially. Expense ratio remained flat year-over-year as increases in G&A
expenses net of amounts capitalized related to investments we have made in our claims organization were
offset by premium growth.

Excluding pandemic-related claims, the business had solid results which, as Dennis mentioned, put us
back in the low end of our target margin range. While pandemic impacts continue to be a headwind, we
are optimistic about the outlook for the business as improving unemployment rates, coupled with vaccine
rollouts, should provide tailwinds going forward.

Turning to capital and capital management. We ended the quarter with $10.7 billion of statutory surplus
and estimate our RBC ratio at 464%, up 13 percentage points from year-end. As a reminder, this includes
24 percentage points from noneconomic goodwill associated with the Liberty acquisition that we expect
will go away by year-end. Cash at the holding company stands at $758 million, above our $450 million
target as we have prefunded our $300 million 2022 debt maturity. We deployed $105 million towards 5x
this quarter, slightly above the $100 million we targeted.

Given our strong capital position, improving capital market and health trends and our positive business
outlook, we expect share repurchase in the second quarter to be approximately $150 million, in line with
pre-pandemic levels.

To conclude, this quarter's results included a large impact from COVID-19, but we expect these headwinds
to abate over the remainder of the year. Looking past that, we see strong underlying earnings and several
positives. Revenue growth in all 4 businesses, a positive outlook for sales looking forward, record end-of-
period account provided a tailwind to earnings, continued strong expense discipline across the company
and a strong capital position, which is contributing to our ability to invest in growth and increase our
capital return to shareholders.

With that, let me turn the call back over to Al.

Al Copersino
VP & Head of Investor Relations
Thank you, Dennis and Randy. [Operator Instructions] With that, let me turn the call over to Catherine to
begin Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

My first question, you guys last quarter spoke of your willingness to consider some type of risk transfer
transactions with both your Annuity and your Life Business. Have thoughts or desires changed over the
past quarter related to your willingness to consider transactions? And then could you just update us on a
sense of timing or size of deals that you're potentially considering?

Dennis Robert Glass
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Elyse, thank you for that question. And you're absolutely right. In terms of block sales, we're looking
at, across our Individual Life and Individual Annuity books of business. There is an active market with both
of those. Timing is always very difficult to speak to because they're complex transactions, but we're -- we
have a lot of resources behind this idea. And probably, we'll continue to have resources behind this kind of
activity for some time.

The other area that we're looking at is flow transactions. And just broadly speaking, and we've mentioned
this a couple of times so you know this, we have done more or as many flow transactions, both in the
Living Benefit space and in the fixed annuity spaces most companies have. We, of course, have done a lot
transaction already with the Fixed Annuity business.

So we remain active, remain optimistic. There's a lot of participants in the marketplace. Randy, do you
want to add to those comments, please?

Randal Jay Freitag
Executive VP, CFO & Head of Individual Life

Elyse, thanks for the question. Probably reiterating a bit of what Dennis said, but there's -- if you think
about the block sale marketplace, we continue to see a lot of interest on the buy side. It's actually
regularly received inbound calls. We know we have a very large block of in-force business across the
Life Annuity business that, that buyer base is interested in. And we believe the in-force value is not fully
reflected in our share price. And so that gives you the underlying thesis for why we are, as Dennis said,
allocating significant resources to see if something makes sense. So at least, we continue to be very
interested in the idea and actively working on it. But I agree with Dennis, it's always difficult to talk about
timing.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay, great. And then my second question is on the Group business. You commented that you're working
towards the upper end of the 5% to 7% margin target. So just wondering, I had a couple, I guess,
questions there, just if you -- given that it seems like results ex COVID and ex CII came in, within that
range and a little bit better than what might have been expected and where you were trending. So can
you just give us an update on when you might kind of get towards the upper end of that range? And I'm
assuming that also assumes that once we get out of COVID, the indirect mortality, so the $22 million
that you saw in the quarter that, that would all kind of go away and normalize once we're done with the
pandemic?

Dennis Robert Glass
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Yes, Elyse, it's hard to predict exactly when that top end of the margin will be achieved. In my script,
I said moving from 5% to 7% gradually. I mentioned a couple of initiatives underway, which -- some
repricing going on as business comes up for renewal, strengthening pricing in some of our new business
segments. Those take time to enter into the margin because it's new business or renewals for the in-force
business. So -- and then we have cost initiatives that are underway. Those also -- to do that type of thing
effectively and to be able to get those numbers, somebody's name on them into our planning process
where we can be confident that we achieve the expense savings, that takes time.

So I think just over time, without getting into a quantification of that. But it's going to build gradually. And
so we're going to start seeing some of that improvement.

Randal Jay Freitag
Executive VP, CFO & Head of Individual Life

Elyse, I'll just add a little bit to that, right? It might be beneficial to think about what's happened over the
last year. And if you think about the first quarter of last year, we made $40 million. This year, we lost $26
million. But we also know that this year in the first quarter, we had about $90 million of pandemic-related
impact, right? So absent anything else happening, $40 million last year, new -- negative $90 million, you
would have expected this to be around negative $50 million, and we outperformed that by about $24
million.

About 1/4 of that is the strong alternatives performance I mentioned. But the other 3 quarters is
improvement in underlying profitability of the business, and that's reflective of renewal price increases,
the strong work of the claims team. We've talked about the investments we're making there. So that's an
indication of what we can do in just a year's time. So I hope that helps, Elyse.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Yes. But then just on -- you would expect, right, that $22 million of the indirect mortality, right, that, that
would kind of go away once we're out of the pandemic?

Dennis Robert Glass
President, CEO & Director

Yes, we do, Elyse. No, this is an interesting topic. We spend a lot of time looking at the overall mortality
experience. And so the question is, why do you believe that indirect component is related to the pandemic.
And it's really -- there are a number of aspects of that. The first thing we look at is just what is the nature
of COVID-19. The nature of COVID-19 is that while it is more impactful than the flu, it acts like the flu,
and that it hits people with comorbidities harder. So that's just the nature of COVID-19.

We also know that when we look inside of our experience, where this indirect component is coming, is
coming in areas where you would expect the comorbidities to emerge, respiratory and cardiac, which
is just like the flu. We also know that when it comes to comorbidities, it's oftentimes the case, and we
see this with the flu. It's not -- flu is rarely noted on the death certificate as the cause of death, but it's
oftentimes what starts the process. So everything that we know about COVID-19, all of our experience
is what leads us to really assess this indirect component as related to the pandemic and something we
believe will go away when we get this pandemic behind us in the country.

Operator

Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher with Evercore.

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Dennis, maybe just to start, a follow-up on Elyse's question on risk transfer. I guess, when you first
mentioned considering risk transfer, Lincoln's share price is in the 30s, now it's in the 60s. So -- and
realizing you started from a very depressed level to just now a still depressed but less depressed level. I --
when you think about -- and I realize you're still working on it, but I presume you have some indication of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

pricing among the various blocks, but is there still a big positive arbitrage when you think about execution
price relative to where your stock is? Any color on that would be helpful.

Dennis Robert Glass
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Tom, you're hitting squarely the issue as to why we would do a block sale, which is to direct capital
out of that business, Life or Annuities, and into share buybacks. And so both sides of the equation have to
work. Where the price is today, based on our valuations of the different blocks, it still works pretty well.
And so we're continuing to pursue it.

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

That's clear. And Dennis, would you say, again, more high level just from a pricing standpoint, is the
pricing most attractive on the life side or the variable annuity side or the fixed annuity side?

Dennis Robert Glass
President, CEO & Director

It varies, but let me -- right now, we're sort of focused on individual life because we've already done a
big fixed annuity block. We're also looking at variable annuity. But again, that's a much more complex
transaction. Fewer players would be available on the life side. So again, we're looking at everything.
What's the buyer's discount rate expectations is obviously important. In other words, what are they going
to want as a return. So I would just say that it's fluid and very fact dependent. But as Randy just said, we
have pretty large number of blocks on the individual life side that have value in them. Those blocks have
the characteristic typically of the reserves being backed by our general account, and therefore, people
who have asset capability would be buyers. So a lot of considerations, Tom. Randy, do you want to add or
subtract from that, please?

Randal Jay Freitag
Executive VP, CFO & Head of Individual Life

No, Dennis, I think you covered it quite nicely.

Operator

Our next question comes from Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners.

Hung-Fai Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

My first question is related to life insurance. So if we were to back out the COVID-19 claims and the strong
[ VII ] in the quarter, I think that would get you to $180 million for the quarter, which seems pretty strong
for a normal Q1. But can you talk about some of the drivers that led you to the $180 million?

Dennis Robert Glass
President, CEO & Director

Humphrey, thanks for the question. It is a strong quarter. It's a little stronger than the first quarter of last
year, which was $171 million, which was also a strong quarter. But I think it's a big business, Humphrey,
and I think it's fair to say that when you think about the pluses and minuses that go on inside of any big
business, that in the life business, most of those items fell positive this time, and that leads to a strong
quarter above your expectations. But I also think it's fair to point out that across the broader Lincoln, for
instance in the annuity business, I think it's fair to say that the items fell a little negative.

So I think when you think across the broad organization, we're very happy and comfortable with the
numbers. But yes, I think it's fair to say just inside of Life alone, that it was just a strong quarter where
things went the way of the Life business.

Hung-Fai Lee

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

So like did you see maybe non-COVID-19 mortality being favorable, or like how should we think about it in
terms of -- like I think in the past, you shared the kind of actual versus expected for your Life business. If
you were to exclude COVID, like what would that be in terms of the actuals we expected?

Dennis Robert Glass
President, CEO & Director

What we believe, based upon probably us reading the same stuff you read, Humphrey, is that we didn't
see the normal seasonality -- elevated mortality seasonality that we see in the first quarter. We saw
mortality on an underlying basis, more like we would see in the second quarter, not the upcoming second
quarter. So that's our best estimate. But once again, what typically drives seasonality in the first quarter,
the biggest driver is the flu. We believe, we read the same articles as you do, that it was a very light
flu season. Because I noted in response to an earlier question, flu is actually rarely noted on the death
certificate as a cause of death. So we're hypothesizing a bit. But we believe we didn't see a normal level of
seasonality in the first quarter that we do in a typical year.

Hung-Fai Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

Okay. Got it. And then my second question is, looking at the other segments, I was under the impression
that the strategic digitalization expenses were done last year but it kind of came through things like
$13 million this quarter. Should we expect any kind of additional spend in the balance of the year? And
then also, I think in Dennis' prepared remarks, you talked about expecting a meaningful expense saves
program to be announced later this year. Like so, I guess, in [ low-income houses ], should we expect any
kind of these type of integration or strategic spend kind of in 2021?

Randal Jay Freitag
Executive VP, CFO & Head of Individual Life

Humphrey, I apologize if we weren't clear in this. We have a couple more years of the original project
ambition or strategic digitization expense. What we expect is that the net benefit, which was -- has been
growing about $40 million a year, we'll grow that $40 million. So yes, there's expenses, but the benefits,
and you see that 3 of our businesses actually had their expenses decline year-over-year, and Group was
flat as we invested in claims. So yes, there is still some expense, but the benefits are growing. The net
of those 2 items should be roughly an incremental $40 million of benefit. This year, we think we have
about 1 more year of that net benefit growth across the organization, which will get us into the range
that we originally guided to a number of years ago of $90 million to $150 million of net benefits from that
original program. And then as you know, and as Dennis talked about a bit, we are very focused on other
opportunities across the organization.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ryan Krueger with KBW.

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

I had a follow-up on that. The other expense opportunity that you're embarking on later this year, is that
related to efforts to preserve the $100 million of saves that you generated last year? Or is that something
new that would be in addition to what you've talked about before?

Dennis Robert Glass
President, CEO & Director

Ryan, the -- again, it's hard to keep all these numbers clear for the benefit of yourself and others on
the phone, but sort of the amount that Randy talked about is separate from a new program. The $100
million that we captured in 2020 and then is expected to stay in 2021, remains there. And then the
savings program would add to those 2 items. And we're talking about it. You've seen other companies

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

speak to large-scale expense reductions. It's the right thing to do. And we -- but we never actually size
these numbers for our investors until we're prepared literally to put them into a financial forecast with
someone's name behind them, when are they going to emerge, how much it's going to cost. And we're not
going to be in a position to do that until the second half of 2021, to publicly bring that incremental savings
into some type of estimate.

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Got it. That makes sense. And then I guess, Randy, on the annuity ROA, I guess it was lower than the
typical range. I think you may have alluded to some things going against you. But any thoughts on where
you'd expect that to trend going forward?

Randal Jay Freitag
Executive VP, CFO & Head of Individual Life

Ryan, as I noted, when you think about all the businesses, I'd say on balance in the Annuity business, it
was a quarter where things sell a little negative sort of those pluses and minuses and that hurt the ROA a
little bit. The other thing I'd point out is that the first quarter of the year in the Annuity business is always
the quarter with the fewest number of fee days. And in fact, we actually have 1 fewer fee day this year
than last year because last year was a leap year. So that typically makes the ROA in the first quarter lower
than the other quarters of the year. Looking forward, we'd expect it to grow back into where we've been
running for some time, which is in the upper 70s, mid- to upper 70s.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

First, I just had a question on the Retirement business. And your flows have obviously been pretty strong
for the last several quarters. Can you talk about what's driving that? And what are you seeing in terms of
trends on deferrals matching contributions and how that's changed over the past year or so?

Dennis Robert Glass
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Jimmy, I'm not -- deferrals and matching contributions dropped in 2020 because of COVID, the
difficulty in small businesses. And actually, those are beginning to come back with the improving economy.
So that's a positive. The activity in 2020, again, was a little bit lower because of COVID and people
wanting just to sort of sit still and watch and see what was going to happen. And so we're seeing activity
on the new business side return to more what we would expect, absent COVID. Not 100%, but closer.
So we have very strong pipelines in the RPS business. We're seeing more contributions, matching
contributions coming back into the market. So overall, it's a pretty favorable environment for our RPS
business. We expect to see that in the numbers in the second quarter sales earnings and so forth.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And then on your comments on risk transfer, it seems like part of your interest is just motivated
by the valuation or multiple arbitrage and your multiple being low. And obviously, typically, the simpler
the block, the easier it is to transact and you get better prices. But if you do, do something on individual
life, as you mentioned, one of the issues would be that your exposure to variable annuities would increase
even more and -- which is, whether it's warranted or not, one of the main reasons for the stock trading
at low multiple. So how does that -- how does the risk profile of your remaining business figure into your
thinking into a potential risk transfer transaction, because I think you seem to be hinting that hits -- VAs
are sort of a low likelihood scenario there.

Randal Jay Freitag

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Executive VP, CFO & Head of Individual Life

Jimmy, the -- if we look at a source of earnings, we think about morbidity and mortality as a bucket, we
think about fees on assets under management as we look at investment spread. And in terms of that
view, there's not going to be a material change because of the transaction. If I step back and maybe add
something to your question, which is out of guarantees in our individual businesses that we're running,
you recall, it's been some time since we focus on this. But the company focused on 70 % of our business
being non-guaranteed and maybe up to 30% guaranteed business, long-term liabilities.

In the first quarter, long-term liabilities on the [10%] and non-guaranteed business was 19%. And that
is really driven by pricing actions as interest rates drop, the value proposition or VA's living benefits
wasn't as strong as some of those sales go off a bit. So big picture, I don't think risk transfer is going to
materially change the source of earnings number. And we're considering, because I expect continuing to
be in that guaranteed versus nonguaranteed range, better than the 70-30 for some time to come, again,
driven by the level of interest rates, product designs and all the factors that go into the sales mix.

Dennis Robert Glass
President, CEO & Director

Jimmy, I just may add to that, just on the whole topic of variable annuities at Lincoln. I'd point out that
the end of the first quarter, $144 billion of liabilities, what is oftentimes overlooked, so maybe we should
spend more time on it, is that over 40% of those liabilities, about $60 billion of those liabilities are VAs
without any living benefit or IVAs. And that percentage, which 42% in the first quarter, is up 5 points over
last year, and that's all about where we're selling today. So you have like a very large shift on a year-over-
year basis. And then I would expect that shift to continue if you just look at the existing sales mix. So let's
not conflate that $144 billion with all being something that has a living benefit tied to it.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And then just maybe one more on the shifts away from guaranteed products that you've undertaken over
the past couple of years, it seems like more of a strategic shift. But if the market stays strong and you do
get higher interest rates, do you think you'll be back selling more products with the guarantees, with the
appropriate prices? Or do you intend the shift to be more of a permanent change in your strategy?

Dennis Robert Glass
President, CEO & Director

Yes. The answer to that is, you're exactly right. The value proposition for long-term liabilities is dependent
predominantly on interest rates. And we don't see in our forward-looking plans, interest rates rising so
much that you'd see a significant change in the mix towards the 70-30 from the 90-10. But that's very
dependent on mostly interest rates but other factors. We certainly wouldn't strategically want to go above
the 30%, and I'll repeat, for the foreseeable future, somewhere between the 90-10 and sort of somewhat
higher than that, but not significantly.

Operator

Our next question comes from John Barnidge with Piper Sandler.

John Bakewell Barnidge
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Thank you for the color on indirect mortality. A number of participants talked about like death of despair
and then impact from delay in care, particularly Alzheimer's and Heart. One talked about death of despair
being 20%, the 80% being the remainder. Can you talk about what you're seeing on that side that's
probably independent of the indirect mortality?

Randal Jay Freitag
Executive VP, CFO & Head of Individual Life

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

John, we're not seeing that. So whether you're talking, let's say, suicides or overdoses, those sorts of
things, we're not seeing an elevation in those causes of death. As I mentioned, it is in the phase that are
related to a virus like COVID-19, respiratory and cardiac. In terms of the delayed care question, as we
talked to the doctors here at Lincoln, that is not sort of something that's going to impact mortality in the
very near term. It's something that will impact mortality in a very modest way over the longer term, and
it would probably be more than offset by, as we've talked about, on the Life side, the front end of claims
that COVID has caused, which will probably benefit us over the next few years.

John Bakewell Barnidge
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

That's fantastic. Related follow-up. I can't help but note, you're talking about more detail on a public
estimate around cost cuts in the second half, and then juxtaposed that with return to office. Another
participant talked about a hybrid model for their employees this morning. Is the cost-cutting program
going to take into account real estate as well?

Dennis Robert Glass
President, CEO & Director

It will. It's a comprehensive look at all questions around cost and effectiveness and execution. It's a
pretty -- use the term of art, it's a pretty cool program that I think we're going to be able to execute
on, in general, both efficiency but also upgrading skill sets of our employees, possibly some top line
opportunities as well. So on your specific question, we do believe that -- and we're referring to this as
our long-term employee model. We'll have sort of significantly less people in the office on a daily basis.
So there will be some real estate benefit, but it's -- so it will be in there, in the numbers that we report
towards the end of the year, but it's not -- it's a meaningful number, but it will be in there. I'll just leave it
at that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Suneet Kamath with Citi.

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

I wanted to start with the Life Insurance sales. It feels to me that the amount of sort of new product that
you guys are rolling out this year might be much, much higher than what's normal. There just seems
to be a lot of activity. So I'm just wondering if you can kind of give us a sense of the pace of the sales
improvement. With this much sort of new product coming out your distribution, could it take longer for
them to kind of inflect because they're just kind of dealing with so many new products?

Randal Jay Freitag
Executive VP, CFO & Head of Individual Life

Suneet, thanks for the question. I think, it's fair to say that life sales, at least so far, sort of rolling out
exactly as we thought. Dennis mentioned that we sort of bottomed in the first -- in the fourth quarter last
year. Now we ended up in the first quarter this year with a number -- right in line with that number, and
we expect to grow from here. Now what's driving that is new product introductions, but also changes that
other -- some of our competitors are making in their pricing. And as we said, we believe we went in front
of everybody else.

When you think about the 2 big product introductions, for instance, that we had in the first quarter,
the MoneyGuard Market Advantage, which is MoneyGuard on a variable platform, and then a reduced
guarantee VUL product, the facts didn't roll out until the middle of February. And in fact, when you look at
that MoneyGuard product, it's not on our 2 biggest MoneyGuard distribution partners yet, and it's already
making us, by the way, about 30% of our submits. So we think we've hit the mark with those products,
but it takes a while to get these things onto all the platforms you want. And then you'd ultimately really
don't know the success on a Life product for probably 6 months before you really know whether you hit
the mark. Hopefully that answers your question, Suneet.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Dennis Robert Glass
President, CEO & Director

Yes, it does. It's helpful. And Suneet, let me just add to that. I mentioned in my remarks, sort of separate
from the new business that would -- the new products that we're putting out. And as Randy said, and if
you said, there's certain amount of education, certain amount of shelf space that has to be acquired. In
other parts of the business, some of the things that we've done in the past connected with expansion of
distribution, we're seeing payoff sort of separate from that issue. And that's this large relationship they
have with the -- I mentioned, with the P&C organization. And I just want to mention that because the app
count, initially for that, although small facing now, has been pretty good. But the reason that we're able to
be effective with that new partner, new partner for Life, is because of the investments that we've made in
automated underwriting.

So those sales are being digital or digital apps, digital underwriting and digital issue. And I'd just like to
point out that we've been making these comments about our digital program from the cost perspective.
But the digital program is really, as we go forward in many areas of the company, is going to permit us
to not have to staff up because in the past, if you didn't have digital issue and apps and things like that,
in order to improve your customer experience, you just have to add people. But we don't as much now
because of the several hundred million dollars that we invested in digital.

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then just last one. I know it's early days on tax reform, but historically, I think
higher taxes have been sort of a catalyst for some of your retail products that have tax benefits. Are you
seeing anything in these initial proposals or even just comments coming out of Washington that could
impact your demand for your products one way or the other?

Dennis Robert Glass
President, CEO & Director

Yes. We think some of the sales that we have already seen in the non-guaranteed VA are in part motivated
by people's concern about changing capital gains, tax rates. We have a product for Life, which is a very
tax-efficient way to distribute. So some of the -- so we've seen some of it already. But until we know what
the final facts are, I'm not -- it's hard to predict how much of the impact it will have.

Operator

Thank you. And that's all the time we have for questions. I'd like to turn the call back to Al Copersino for
any closing remarks.

Al Copersino
VP & Head of Investor Relations

Well, thank you all for joining us this morning. As always, we're happy to take any follow-up questions
that you have. You can e-mail us at investorrelations@lfg.com. Thank you, all, and have a great day.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Speakers,
please stand by.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

