Lincoln National Corporation NYSE:LNC
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 05, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.01

(0.72)

Revenue  (mm)

4627.44

4788.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-05-2020 10:52 AM GMT

NM

3.47

2.11

5.60

9.65

4494.95

18006.66

18685.36

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.41

2.17

1.38

2.01

2.41

2.24

0.97

(0.72)

0.00 %

3.23 %

(29.71 %)

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher Anthony Giovanni
Senior VP & Corporate Treasurer

Dennis Robert Glass
President, CEO & Director

Randal Jay Freitag
Executive VP, CFO & Head of
Individual Life

ANALYSTS

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Erik James Bass
Autonomous Research LLP

Hung-Fai Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

John Bakewell Barnidge
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and thank you for joining Lincoln Financial Group's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

Now I'd like to turn the conference over to the Corporate Treasurer, Chris Giovanni. Please go ahead, sir.

Christopher Anthony Giovanni
Senior VP & Corporate Treasurer

Thank you, Catherine. Good morning, and welcome to Lincoln Financial's third quarter earnings call.

Before we begin, I have an important reminder. Any comments made during the call regarding
future expectations, trends and market conditions, including comments about sales and deposits,
expenses, income from operations, share repurchases and liquidity and capital resources are forward-
looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking
statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
current expectations. These risks and uncertainties, include those described in the cautionary statement
disclosures in our earnings release issued yesterday as well as those detailed in our 2019 Annual Report
on Form 10-K, most recent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and from time to time in our other filings with
the SEC. These forward-looking statements are made only as of today, and we undertake no obligation to
update or revise any of them to reflect events or circumstances that occur after this date.

We appreciate your participation today and invite you to visit Lincoln's website, www.lincolnfinancial.com,
where you can find our press release and statistical supplement, which include full reconciliations to the
non-GAAP measures used on the call, including adjusted return on equity and adjusted income from
operations or adjusted operating income to their most comparable GAAP measures.

Presenting on today's call are Dennis Glass, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Randy Freitag,
Chief Financial Officer and Head of Individual Life. After their prepared remarks, we will move to the
question-and-answer portion of the call.

I would now like to turn the call over to Dennis.

Dennis Robert Glass
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Chris. Good morning, everyone. Lincoln is responding well to the health, economic and capital
market challenges, ensuring we maintain our competitive advantages and capitalizing on opportunities to
become stronger.

Third quarter adjusted operating results, after normalizing for our annual review, recovered significantly
from the second quarter, consistent with our expectations. Returns on the alternative investment portfolio
were strong in the quarter at nearly 7% compared to our targeted return of 2.5% or 10% annually.

And while we continue to see effects from the pandemic related to elevated claims in our Life and Group
Protection businesses, ultimately, we expect claims return to normal levels after the pandemic. Low long-
term interest rates are a headwind, but we are solving this through profitable top line growth, in-force
management and expense efficiencies. Our underlying earnings are firmly intact, and we are positioned for
growth.

We are taking actions to sustain market leadership positions across our businesses and on our terms,
by expanding product breadth and strengthening our world-class distribution. Specifically, we continue
to aggressively execute our reprice, shift and add new product strategy to bolster our businesses with
enduring and all-weather product portfolios.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Year-to-date, we have taken 86 different pricing actions across our product suite, and we plan to introduce
8 new products during the first half of next year. This strategy will enable us to capitalize on the breadth
of our existing product portfolio at appropriate returns, while adding new products that increase consumer
choice, and expand customer value propositions. This combination will position us well to improve sales
volumes and drive long-term top and bottom line growth.

As we expand our portfolio of customer solutions, we are focused on designing more capital-efficient
products, which will ultimately help improve our free cash flow.

In addition to these top line initiatives, we are taking actions that are enabling us to achieve expense
savings and increase productivity while improving the customer experience by leveraging and accelerating
digital capabilities. Notably, we see further and meaningful expense-saving opportunities, given the
increased digital adoption by both advisers and customers.

Lastly, we continue to focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet to maximize our financial flexibility.
We have increased our RBC ratio, added to our sources of capital and liquidity and reduced risk in the
investment portfolio. We are executing well on these initiatives, as illustrated by several third quarter
highlights, including operating revenue increased across all our businesses; G&A expense decreased mid-
single digits across all our businesses.

Over 90% of all Life Insurance policies and our top annuity partners have adopted electronic applications
and delivery. And our strong balance sheet, which, when combined with this quarter's solid underlying
earnings and a current business outlook that is more positive into 2021, is leading to our decision to
resume buybacks for the fourth quarter.

In our Annuities business, we continue to add products that are resonating in the marketplace and
achieving good returns. Sales of our indexed variable annuity, which is the market leader in the fastest-
growing segment of the annuity market, more than doubled over the prior year third quarter, surpassing
$1.5 billion. This led to positive variable annuity net flows compared to outflows in the prior year period.

As expected, total annuity sales were down as we reduced benefits on VAs with living benefits, and we
continue to deemphasize fixed annuity sales. We expect similar sales trends to persist into the fourth
quarter. As we look to 2021, we are leveraging product innovation to create additional consumer value
propositions, expanding our already broad product portfolio.

Within the Life Insurance business, sales declined due to repricing. The industry has started following
suit on our pricing strategy, improving our competitive position on our existing product portfolio heading
into next year. Additionally, we are focused on offering consumers more solutions and alternative value
propositions, such as reduced guarantees, but with the potential to meaningfully increase total benefits.

By enhancing products with separate account investment engines, we see an opportunity to provide
consumers with more upside in some of our core products, such as MoneyGuard, where we will be
introducing a new product in the first half of next year. While we expect sales to be meaningfully lower
in the fourth quarter, in part due to record sales in the prior year quarter, we will be entering 2021 with
solutions that provide greater market reach. As we've done in the past, we will utilize our broad and
expanding product portfolio and the strongest distribution platform in the industry to position us for
growth in 2021.

In Retirement Plan Services, our digitally focused model, where high-tech enables high-touch, is excelling
in the current virtual environment. Our sales and retention teams have seamlessly shifted to more virtual
platforms, driving strong new sales growth and outstanding retention results. First year sales were up
20%, and total deposits increased 6% over the prior year quarter and client retention was excellent at
98%.

While we continue to see some headwinds related to the economic environment and the pandemic,
including employers reducing or eliminating matching contributions and workforce reductions, the impact
has been manageable and lessened due to the markets we serve, particularly our prominent position in
the health care sector. Net flows were once again positive as our focus on retention has been a key driver
of account value growth.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Looking forward, we continue to expect sales of YourPath, our alternative to target date funds, to remain
strong. Also, as a result of the SECURE Act, we see significant long-term opportunities related to simplified
in-plan guarantees and pooled employer plan solutions in the defined contribution space.

Lastly, on Group Protection. Strong persistency more than offset lower sales and the contraction in
covered lives due to the economic and employment environment, which led to a 3% increase in premiums
compared to the prior year quarter.

Sales in the quarter decreased over the prior year period due to delayed quota activity and the timing of
when cases closed. We have seen activity resume, which should benefit our sales in the seasonally strong
fourth quarter. We continue to expand our focus on growth from in-force customers by cross-selling our
suite of complementary employee paid products. This has resulted in 56% of year-to-date sales being
generated from employee paid, up 11 percentage points.

While the pandemic has put near-term pressure on earnings, it has increased employee awareness of the
importance of our protection products. We are taking actions to enhance our margins to the upper end of
our targeted range, and we expect this to emerge as the pandemic subsides.

So bottom line, as expected, we saw decreased sales in most segments, as a result of our aggressive and
disciplined repricing strategy that ensures we achieve appropriate returns on capital and best positions
Lincoln for long-term profitable growth.

That said, I would emphasize several important points. First, because we led the industry in repricing
and are starting to see competitors follow course, we expect sales to bottom out in the fourth quarter,
particularly for our annuity and life businesses, with growth reemerging in 2021 and beyond based on our
strategic actions.

Second, as we enter the fourth quarter, we are now achieving at least a 12% return on new business
based on the forward curve across all our businesses. Third, market demand and pricing changes has
resulted in the sales of nonguaranteed products to exceed 80% of total sales, a trend we expect to
continue.

And finally, distribution has been and will continue to be an advantage that distinguishes Lincoln. Our
distribution model is growing and operating effectively in the current environment. For example, we have
added over 8,000 new producers year-to-date and hosted over 1,400 virtual group meetings, which were
attended by more than 50,000 advisers.

Regarding other strategic areas of focus, as you know, expense management remains a key focus with all
near-term targets, including Liberty synergies, digital savings and our additional $100 million program for
this year on track.

Since our second quarter earnings call, we have identified opportunities to preserve this year's savings
program in 2021, predominantly through virtual sales effectiveness and capabilities, along with
acceleration in digital adoption. Looking forward, we expect even further run rate savings opportunities,
but these could require some incremental investment.

Since the onset of pandemic, we have successfully focused on protecting and further improving the
balance sheet. For example, our RBC ratio and cash at the holding company have both increased. We have
also enhanced our financial flexibility with our next debt maturity not due until September 2023. And in
the third quarter, we completed a contingent capital facility.

Within the investment portfolio, derisking actions and benefits of various government support programs
have led to benign RBC impacts from credit losses and downgrades. Experience to date is more favorable
than our expectations at the onset of the pandemic, and we expect that to continue as our credit outlook
has improved.

In closing, we recognize potential industry headwinds but are responding. We are well on our way towards
restoring sales growth in 2021 after actively repricing products to achieve appropriate returns and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

preserve capital. We have targeted programs to reduce expenses and are committed to further improving
efficiencies and lowering costs, while enhancing the customer experience.

We entered this crisis well prepared and have continued to strengthen our balance sheet and reduce risk
in our investment portfolio, while our variable annuity hedge program has performed exceptionally well.
And we've acted to accelerate capital deployment. Recall, we were one of the first companies to reinsure
annuity blocks, both fixed and variable, and have improved our free cash flow over time by reducing new
business strength.

As a result of confidence in our balance sheet and capital position, solid underlying earnings and our more
positive business outlook as we move into 2021, we are pleased that the Board of Directors approved a
5% increase in our quarterly common stock dividend and that we will be returning to the buy market with
an opportunity to buy our shares at a price that we believe presents an exceptional value. I couldn't be
more confident about the actions we are taking to execute our plans and deliver long-term value for our
shareholders.

I will now turn the call over to Randy.

Randal Jay Freitag
Executive VP, CFO & Head of Individual Life

Thank you, Dennis. Last night, we reported a third quarter adjusted operating loss of $133 million or
$0.72 per share.

As we noted in the earnings release, results included net unfavorable notable items of $552 million or
$2.84 per share, predominantly from this year's annual review of DAC and reserve assumptions. This
year's annual review resulted in a net charge of $489 million with negative $547 million included within
adjusted operating income and positive $58 million in nonoperating. Included in adjusted operating income
was negative $524 million related to interest rates, with approximately 1/3 of the impact coming from a
50 basis point reduction in our long-term ultimate interest rate assumption to 3% and 2/3 from a nearly
170 basis point decline in new money rates.

It is important to note that this is a noncash charge, does not impact our RBC ratio and does not change
our view on the potential impact to statutory capital from reserve strengthening, if rates stay low, where
we expect no impact at the end of this year.

Outside of interest rates, there was a $23 million net unfavorable impact with an adjusted operating
income with policyholder behavior in the life business coming in negative, partially offset by favorable
policyholder behavior in the annuity business. Beyond these factors, all other components of the annual
review had an immaterial impact.

As part of this year's review, we did not unlock the reversion to the mean corridor, which still provides an
approximate $155 million pretax cushion against declines in the equity markets.

In addition to the significant impacts from the annual assumption review, this quarter was also impacted
by a few items. First, COVID-19-related claims reduced earnings by approximately $101 million or
$0.52 per share, which included a $95 million mortality impact and $6 million from disability claims.
The mortality component for the company was above the $10 million for every 10,000 deaths we have
discussed. Though we may see volatility quarter-to-quarter, we believe this represents a good proxy for
the expected impact.

Second, in addition to the direct COVID-19 impact, our Group Life results also included $28 million or
$0.14 per share from elevated mortality, which we believe is related to broader trends in U.S. population
mortality arising from the pandemic. Third, results benefited from strong performance in the alternative
investment portfolio, which boosted earnings by $56 million or $0.29 per share relative to our targeted
annual return of 10%.

Net income totaled $398 million or $2.01 per share, with the largest driver being an update to our
nonperformance risk calculation to more align with peer practices. As a reminder, while we think of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

movements in NPR as largely noneconomic, this change did have a positive impact and increased
net income by $475 million. Other positives included in net income were the $58 million favorable
nonoperating result from the annual review and $50 million from a reduction in our CECL reserves. Lastly,
the variable annuity hedge program performed exceptionally well with 100% effectiveness in the quarter.

Moving to the performance of key financial metrics. Consolidated adjusted operating revenue increased
over the prior year period. Average account values increased 7%. Total G&A expenses net of amounts
capitalized decreased 3% year-over-year. And when combined with revenue growth, the expense ratio
improved 50 basis points. And book value per share, excluding AOCI, stands at $71.10, up 3%.

Now turning to segment results, starting with Annuities. Reported operating income for the quarter was
$196 million, which included a $101 million unfavorable impact from our annual review, primarily related
to interest rates. Adjusting for notable items in both periods, operating income increased 13% from the
prior year quarter, driven by higher average account values and favorable alternative investment income.

Average account values of $144 billion increased 8% on both a year-over-year and sequential basis.
Return metrics, excluding notable items, remain strong with a ROA of 82 basis points and a ROE of
22%. Risk metrics on our VA book continue to demonstrate the quality of our business as the increase in
account values reduced net amount at risk to 1.5% of account values for living benefits and approximately
50 basis points for death benefits.

Consistently strong returns, favorable risk metrics and solid hedging results are evidence to what a
well-run annuity business can deliver, something we believe is not rewarded by the marketplace. Base
spreads, excluding variable investment income, decreased compared to the prior year, but increased on a
sequential basis as we continue to actively manage crediting rates.

G&A expenses net amounts capitalized decreased 6% year-over-year with expense management
remaining a focus across the organization. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect continued
strong performance from the Annuities business with alternative investment results returning to more
normal levels.

Retirement Plan Services reported operating income of $50 million compared to $44 million in the prior
year, with the increase driven by alternative investment performance and expense management. Our
annual review had a net unfavorable impact to operating income of $3 million in the current quarter and
no impact in the prior year period.

Net flows totaled $362 million in the quarter, which when combined with favorable equity markets, drove
average account values to $80 billion, up 7%. A 5% decrease in G&A expenses combined with 4% revenue
growth, resulted in a 230 basis point year-over-year improvement in the expense ratio.

Base spreads, excluding variable investment income, compressed 22 basis points versus the prior year,
which was above normal, primarily due to lower yields on floating rate securities where the crediting rate
on the matched liability adjusts less quickly. However, ROA was strong in the quarter at 25 basis points.
The retirement business had a strong quarter with good expense discipline and organic growth remaining
key drivers going forward.

Turning to Life Insurance. We reported an operating loss for the quarter of $311 million, which included
a $440 million net unfavorable impact from our annual review, largely related to interest rates. Adjusting
for notable items in both periods, operating income increased over the prior year quarter, primarily driven
by favorable alternative investment performance compared to unfavorable results in the prior year, which
more than offset elevated mortality related to COVID-19 of approximately $70 million. Underlying earnings
drivers continued to show growth with average account values up 5% and average Life Insurance in force,
up 10%.

G&A expenses decreased 4% year-over-year, which led to a 40 basis point improvement in the expense
ratio. Base spreads declined 14 basis points compared to the prior year, above our 5 to 10 basis point
expectation.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Looking forward, we continue to expect headwinds from COVID-19-related mortality, however, the
pandemic will eventually be behind us and key growth drivers remain solid. Group Protection reported
operating income of $6 million compared to $61 million in the prior year, with the decrease driven by
unfavorable pandemic-related mortality.

Our annual reserve assumption review had a net unfavorable impact to operating income of $3 million in
the current quarter compared to a net favorable impact of $10 million in the prior year period. The total
loss ratio was 83.2% in the quarter, up 9 percentage points compared to the prior year period with the
increase predominantly driven by Group Life loss experience. This quarter's direct impact from COVID-19
mortality claims was $25 million. And as I noted upfront, total mortality for the Group Life business was
elevated as we have also seen excess mortality emerge over the course of the pandemic.

Our disability performance was good in the quarter as the loss ratio was consistent with recent periods,
while incidence rates were flat compared to the prior year.

In the dental business, utilization and the loss ratio returned to more normal levels, consistent with our
expectations, following very favorable dental experience in the second quarter. G&A expenses decreased
4%, even with increased staffing in our claims organization to maintain high levels of customer service
during this period of elevated claim activity. While the pandemic pressured this quarter's earnings and will
continue to have an impact, we are encouraged by our premium growth, expense management and good
performance from our disability book despite the obvious pressures in the economy.

Turning to capital and capital management. Continuing with this year's trends, statutory capital and the
RBC ratio increased to $9.8 billion and 445%, respectively, while cash at the holding company stands
at $756 million. In August, we executed a $500 million contingent capital facility, which provides us
another tool within our capital and liquidity framework while enhancing our financial flexibility in all market
environments.

As Dennis mentioned, we plan to resume buybacks in the fourth quarter and expect to deploy
approximately $50 million towards buybacks over the remainder of the year. We will update you on our
outlook for 2021 capital return on next quarter's earnings call, consistent with our historical practice.

To conclude, third quarter earnings included a large impact from our annual assumption review due to the
significant decrease in interest rates. And we continue to experience headwinds from pandemic-related
mortality. Looking through those items, we continue to see strong underlying earnings. And this quarter's
results had several positives, including revenue growth in all 4 businesses, excellent expense management
as G&A was down across the company, capital continued to grow and we are increasing our return to
shareholders with an announced 5% increase in our quarterly dividend and the resumption of buybacks.

With that, let me turn the call back over to Chris.

Christopher Anthony Giovanni
Senior VP & Corporate Treasurer

Thank you, Dennis and Randy. We will now begin the question-and-answer portion of the call. [Operator
Instructions]
With that, let me turn the call over to Catherine to begin Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ryan Krueger with KBW.

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

First question was on the Group Life mortality. We haven't really seen, I guess, non-COVID-related
elevated -- I guess, elevated levels of non-COVID mortality referenced by other companies. So I was
hoping you could provide a little bit more detail on what you're seeing. And if you think it will continue as
COVID continues? Or if you think it's more of a one quarter anomaly?

Randal Jay Freitag
Executive VP, CFO & Head of Individual Life

Ryan, yes, thanks for the question. Yes, we've spent a fair amount of time analyzing this broadly. We've
looked at a number of industry studies. I think the SOA does a good work of aggregating information from
across the industry. We participate, a number of our peer companies, I think there's roughly 20 companies
that participate. And as we've analyzed that data, that data has come in over the course of the year,
you've really seen this emergence of what we've described as pandemic-related mortality.

So I think as you think about expectations for the near term, I think it's reasonable to think that, that
will continue in the near term. But I think it's also reasonable to think that it will go away once we've
developed a virus (sic) [ antivirus ] and figured out a way to manage the pandemic in a better way.

In broader terms, Ryan, if you think about the overall impact of COVID-19 on the company inside the
Individual Life business, we continue to run in line with our original rule of thumb. I think as you think
about that, I think, it's probably -- and once again, I'm just having to hypothesize because you're not
going to get exact information on this. But if you go back to when we established our 8 million per 10,000
rule of thumb at the beginning of the pandemic, all the evidence was that this was something that was
going to impact older age individuals, death rates were relatively high. We established our rule of thumb.
It worked for the second quarter. It worked for the third quarter. I think underneath that, once again,
you're never going to know for sure. There probably is some trend because we've done a better job. We
brought death rates down with treatments. You've seen us do a better job, I think, of protecting older age
people. So inside of the 8 million that we continue to experience, there probably has been some shift from
pure COVID to service other pandemic related, but it still is working in total. And that's a little different on
the group business.

If you think about when we established our original rule of thumb, there really was not much evidence
that COVID-19 was going to become a significant issue for the working-age population. But as this
has gone on in America and it has spread into other aspects of the population besides older age, you
started to see that. And in addition to that, you started to see the emergence of this -- what we're calling
pandemic related. When we look at that study, we see it across all causes of death. We see heart disease
up 35% year-over-year, cancer up roughly 12% year-over-year, other respiratory up about 42%. So
I would expect, Ryan, that was a long answer to your original question that -- yes, I would expect to
continue for the near term.

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Appreciate that. And then just one quick one. Do you -- just given the relatively large assumption review
impact, would you expect much of an ongoing impact to earnings power within the Life Insurance business
from this?

Randal Jay Freitag
Executive VP, CFO & Head of Individual Life

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Yes. I think it's similar, Ryan, to previous years in answering these questions. I think every time we've
made these sort of assumption changes around interest rates, it has had a bit of an ongoing negative
impact. It's been something that we've worked to overcome. And you think about over the years, we've
done this, what, 4 or 5 times, and it hasn't really been something that has made a material impact going
forward. So similar to last time, Ryan, yes, it does have a bit of a negative impact, but not something
we're going to specifically spike out. And we'll work hard to overcome that impact.

Operator

Our next question comes from Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners.

Hung-Fai Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

Just looking at the ROA, especially the normalized ROA for annuities and RPS, both were pretty strong
in the third quarter. Clearly, the market had an impact, but do you see kind of these levels kind of
sustainable going forward, assuming the market continues to cooperate?

Randal Jay Freitag
Executive VP, CFO & Head of Individual Life

Yes. Humphrey, thanks for the question. I think in the annuity business, we've been reporting an ROA in
and around 80 basis points for about as long as I can remember, maybe as long as I've been sitting in
this seat than we were at 82 in the quarter. So yes, I think all evidence would indicate that an ROA in and
around that range is right in line with our expectations. I think I mentioned in the retirement business,
it was a strong quarter. While they did have some benefit from the strong alternatives, it was roughly $4
million a quarter. So I think $25 million is sort of at the upper end of what you'd expect to see them in a
normal quarter. So probably a little above their ongoing ROA.

Hung-Fai Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

Got it. And then in terms of kind of the -- for group protection, I think the industry-wide is definitely
seeing some headwinds for premium for top line growth, given the economy and the employment
conditions. I guess, can you elaborate on your thinking about how the top line would trend, especially as
we enter into the enrollment period?

Dennis Robert Glass
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Humphrey, it's Dennis. Just the statistics, we're up 5% third quarter year-to-date versus last year's
third quarter year-to-date. Some of that has been that premium increases we've discussed is driven by
good retention. Some of it's driven by new sales. And we'll have to see how those trends develop as we
move into 2021, but we're pretty comfortable that we'll see premium growth.

Operator

Our next question comes from Tom Gallagher with Evercore.

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

First question, can you comment at all about what type of level of buyback you're planning on? Would it
be lower than prior levels, just given the environment? Or do you think you might get all the way back to
where you were running previously?

Randal Jay Freitag
Executive VP, CFO & Head of Individual Life

Tom, it's Randy. I think as always, we really take this one quarter at a time, right? And so in our prepared
remarks, as I mentioned, we're planning on $50 million in the fourth quarter. And then we'll talk to you

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

about 2021, as we get into the next quarters and beyond. So -- but when you think about the fourth
quarter buybacks, returning capital to shareholders through buybacks, it starts with the balance sheet.
And as I mentioned in our script, we're very comfortable with the strength of our balance sheet, the 444%
RBC ratio, the $756 million of cash. At the holding company, the fact that we've prefunded debt maturities
through 2023, and the fact that we added to our toolkit a contingent capital facility of $500 million in the
third quarter. So the strength of the balance sheet is definitely there. So then you might ask, well, why
aren't you going back at your historic level, which is more in range with $150 million a quarter, which is
what we've done historically on average.

So when you think about that, let me just point out a couple of things. First, the credit expectations
have come down substantially from where they were back in March. But if you look at that expectation,
I think it's fair to say that the confidence in and around that is still relatively wide or wider than it is
than a normal. So I think we're reflecting the fact that credit has improved significantly but there still
is some uncertainty in the environment. And the other thing I would point out, Tom, is that just from
capital generation, we still are being impacted in the quarter as I mentioned, $101 million by COVID and
then another $28 million -- so roughly $130 million from mortality-related claims across our business.
So eventually, that will be behind us. But in the near term, we still are being negatively impacted by this
pandemic.

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. Randy, and then just my follow-up on -- you obviously had a competitor announcing a variable
annuity risk transfer deal. Curious what your thoughts are there, if that's something you'd be willing to
consider, particularly given that it was kind of a deep in the money block that effectively freed up and
capitalized that block at about an APE well above where Lincoln and the rest of the sector is trading? Does
that give you a new data point to consider? And would you move down that path? Or how are you thinking
about that?

Dennis Robert Glass
President, CEO & Director

Tom, this is Dennis. Let me take that. Let me answer the specific questions and add a couple more
comments. When we see a deal like that capital in the market in the way that -- and that transaction,
that's positive overall. As we've said, we remain in the pool for opportunities to sell either any of our
blocks of any of our business, if it makes economic sense. So just on the point, good for the marketplace.
We're staying in the flow and if we can do something, that makes sense economically, we will do that.

I'd also like to remind you that we've done block transactions in the past, [ both ] on VA and fixed
annuities. You recall that we reinsured the living benefit guarantee risk on 50% of a $13 billion block of
VA, and that remains in place. We also did a pure fixed annuity block reinsurance deal, and we've had flow
deals. So we've demonstrated a lot of creativity in the marketplace over the years, and we'll continue to
participate where it makes economic sense.

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

But would you say more broadly you'd be open to doing something more transformational? Or I guess,
those other deals were kind of more at the margin?

Dennis Robert Glass
President, CEO & Director

I'm not exactly sure, Tom, what you mean by transformational. Let's look at our strategy in the VA
market. First, we'll start with most of the folks on the phone know that we have the least risk of most in-
force blocks in business across the industry. And so -- and Randy has already pointed out that we've been
making 18% to 20% return on equity with no blow ups in that business for years. So we think it's a very
good deal for Lincoln. At the moment, we're seeing strong returns across our block. We -- and part of the
reason our VA guarantee business is so strong from a risk perspective is that we remained in the market

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

consistently. We've hedged every rider from Day 1, and so we're very comfortable with the risk profile and
earnings capability of particular living benefit block.

Again, as I said, looking forward, we're pricing all of our products to get the appropriate return. And
so even though lowering the benefits on the guaranteed living benefit business, as we do this demand,
that's fine. We continue to sell it. It would continue to get great rates of return on the capital deployed.
At the moment, the returns on our index VA block are also very strong. And we're happy to see that block
grow the way it's been growing. So I think historically, we've demonstrated that we've managed the VA
business and the fixed annuity business well, and it's showing up in earnings and returns.

Operator

Our next question comes from Erik Bass with Autonomous Research.

Erik James Bass
Autonomous Research LLP

Given your forecast of recovery in sales next year, do you anticipate your free cash flow generation
returning to more normal levels? Or do the product changes that you've talked about reduced the
expected strain and, I guess, the strain on new sales?

Randal Jay Freitag
Executive VP, CFO & Head of Individual Life

Erik, it's Randy. I don't think we see a significant change in the overall free cash flow profile. I think
definitively, the new product designs have lower capital needs. But as we mentioned, we expect to grow
sales beyond where we are here in 2020. And so you'll have sort of capital usage per dollar sales coming
down, while sales go up maybe holding relatively level. So no big change to our expectations for levels of
cash flow, even though the amount of capital used per dollar sales will be coming down.

Erik James Bass
Autonomous Research LLP

Got it. And maybe following up on that. And you've mentioned how the buffered annuity product is less
capital intensive than guaranteed VAs. How much difference is there in the amount of capital you have to
hold as a percentage of liabilities? And I guess, what does that mean in terms of the capital strain from
sales?

Randal Jay Freitag
Executive VP, CFO & Head of Individual Life

Yes, without getting into the particulars -- if you rank ordered the annuities in terms of their Day 1 capital
strain, it would be fixed annuities at the upper end, and that's primarily because fixed annuities get hit
with a significant C4 charge in the first year. In the middle would be VA with guarantees. And then on the
lower end would be IVA and then even below that would be just a peer, non-guaranteed VA product. So
without getting into the specifics, IVAs are roughly half the strain of a typical fixed indexed annuities.

Operator

Our next question comes from John Barnidge with Piper Sandler.

John Bakewell Barnidge
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Does the elevated non-COVID mortality that is emerging in the broader population make you think about
utilizing more reinsurance, because I can see that as a product that maybe grow secularly out of this?

Randal Jay Freitag
Executive VP, CFO & Head of Individual Life

John, I think that when we think about using reinsurance, it's -- every year we're looking at what is the
cost of reinsurance? What are our expectations for mortality looking forward? So that's a discrete decision
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

we're making every single year. I think the reality is that we don't use a whole lot of reinsurance in our
group business. Remember that the average group claim is in the $50,000 to $60,000 range. So you're
not talking about an expectation of using a significant amount of reinsurance in a group type business.
Obviously, we do use it more in the Individual Life business where we sell a number of larger base policies.

So I don't think the pandemic itself changes our view at this red hot moment of how we utilize reinsurance
as part of our business model.

John Bakewell Barnidge
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. And then my follow-up, assuming we get a renewal of the hardship waiver, would you anticipate
possible increased withdrawals in 2021 for retirement?

Dennis Robert Glass
President, CEO & Director

As I mentioned, John, in my remarks, the consequences of the government programs on our block of
business have not been great this year. And that's in part related to our concentration in the health care
segment. So if -- not knowing what those new programs might be, whatever effect it has on industry
close, we think we'll be at the lower end of that because of the -- where we sell our business. So again, we
don't think that will be a significant effect.

Operator

And our next question comes from Suneet Kamath with Citi.

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Dennis, I think you'd said in your prepared remarks that you're planning on launching, I think, it was 8
new products next year. I'm assuming that there's going to be a ramp-up period of time required as you
educate your distribution force on these products. Should we think about sort of sales maybe picking up
more in the second half of the year, given that ramp up? Or how should we think about the pattern of
sales growth as we move across the year?

Dennis Robert Glass
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Suneet, starting from this quarter, we expect to bottom out across our businesses, mostly the life and
annuity business in terms of new sales in the fourth quarter. And then in 2021, a slow build to your point
through the course of the year.

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then I think you had also said in your prepared remarks, you were talking about maybe some
incremental cost savings. So just curious if you could maybe size that for us, how it compares to some of
the cost savings programs that you've achieved in recent years?

Dennis Robert Glass
President, CEO & Director

Yes. If you go to the digital program, which is still underway, we had sort of a $120 million target, which
were net of investment. I think we're running plus $40 million and growing towards the $120 million by
the end of 2021. So that's an ongoing and important program. I mentioned and Randy mentioned that we
have, on top of that, a $100 million savings that is occurring in 2020, some of which sort of reflects things
like people aren't traveling as much, and those could spring back. But in 2021, in total, we can keep that
$100 million.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

On top of that $100 million is what we're talking about, let me say, 2 things. One, preserving that $100
million and increasing it as we go forward, that will take incremental investment. We're in the process
right now, Suneet, of sizing that. And when we get comfortable with the magnitude of that increase, we'll
share it with you and others.

Operator

And our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I wanted...

Operator

It looks like Elyse hung up.

Christopher Anthony Giovanni
Senior VP & Corporate Treasurer

Okay. Are there any further questions in queue?

Operator

There are no other questions in the queue.

Christopher Anthony Giovanni
Senior VP & Corporate Treasurer

Okay. So with that, thank you all for joining us this morning. As always, we are happy to take any follow-
up questions that you have. You can e-mail us at investorrelations@lfg.com. Thank you all, and have a
great day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect. Everyone, have a great day. Speakers, please stand by.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

LINCOLN NATIONAL CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

