LKQ Corporation NasdaqGS:LKQ
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 29, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.52

0.75

Revenue  (mm)

2950.87

3047.68

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-29-2020 11:39 AM GMT

44.23

3.28

0.52

2.15

2.58

2943.44

11533.13

12260.06

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.52

0.49

0.16

0.52

0.54

0.57

0.53

0.75

3.85 %

16.33 %

231.25 %

44.23 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
LKQ CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Dominick P. Zarcone
President, CEO & Director

Joseph P. Boutross
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Varun Laroyia
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Brian Joseph Butler
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Craig R. Kennison
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Daniel Robert Imbro
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Scott Lewis Stember
CL King & Associates, Inc.,
Research Division

Stephanie Benjamin
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LKQ CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. My name is Laura, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like
to welcome everyone to the LKQ Corporation's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions]

I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Boutross, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may
begin your conference.

Joseph P. Boutross
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer; and
Varun Laroyia, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at
lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation
for this call.

Now let me quickly cover the safe harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered
forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or
strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-
looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-
looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and
subsequent reports filed with the SEC.

During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP
to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully,
everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal,
we are planning to file our 10-Q in the next few days.

And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone.

Dominick P. Zarcone
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everybody on the call. This morning, I will provide some high-level
operating highlights related to the third quarter before discussing some key metrics that are impacting
the revenue trends in each of our segments. Varun will then dive into the financials with a key focus on
the impact of the measures we initiated in late March across the entire organization to rightsize the cost
structure and maximize cash flow. He will also discuss our liquidity and the strength of our balance sheet
before I come back with a few closing remarks.

It's hard to believe that just 6 months ago, in early April, we were facing revenue declines of 40% to 45%,
as economies around the world went into lockdown. Today, we are enjoying a material improvement in
demand, year-over-year margin improvements in each of our segments and over $1 billion of free cash
flow generated in just the first 9 months of this year.

In light of the challenging environment we have confronted throughout the year, our team delivered
a terrific outcome in the third quarter. These results clearly highlight the true strength of LKQ. This
performance was achieved in the midst of having to make mission-critical decisions to protect the
business, while simultaneously maintaining the morale of our most-important asset, our people. I could
not be prouder of the effort of team LKQ.

As noted on Slide 4, total revenue for the third quarter was $3 billion, reflecting a 3.2% decrease from
the level recorded in the comparable period of 2019. Global parts and services organic revenue declined
4.5% in the third quarter, while currencies and the net impact of divestitures and acquisitions collectively

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LKQ CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

accounted for a 1.1% increase. Notwithstanding the soft revenue environment, our team reached a
monumental milestone by delivering the highest level of quarterly earnings in the company's history.

During the third quarter, diluted earnings per share on a GAAP basis was $0.64 compared to $0.49 last
year, a 31% year-over-year increase. On an adjusted basis, diluted EPS was $0.75 compared to $0.61 or a
23% increase.

Now on to the segments. As you will note from Slide 6, parts and services revenue in North America
declined 12.1% during the third quarter, with organic revenue growth for parts and services declining
11.3%. The lower organic demand is reflective of reduced levels of mobility as evidenced by meaningful
year-over-year declines in both vehicle miles driven and fuel consumption.

According to CCC, collision and liability-related repairable claims in the third quarter were down 24%. So
again, we are clearly outperforming the claims data. When looking at product-specific data, while both
were down, our salvage revenue trends outperformed aftermarket, largely due to the demand of our
mechanical parts, predominantly engines and transmissions. Still, our aftermarket collision-based revenue
performed materially better than the CCC statistics for repairable claims, suggesting that we continue to
experience share gains in the collision marketplace.

There was particular strains in our remanufactured product line, as many market participants were
disrupted by the component supplier's ability to provide product. Given the depth and breadth of our
remanufactured parts inventory, we were able to keep pace with demand and believe we gained share
from our direct reman competitors in the third quarter.

I would also highlight that despite the revenue decline, the segment EBITDA margin in North America was
17.6%, the highest quarterly level achieved in the company's history. Also, North America operational
efficiency efforts continued to capture the $80 million in annualized permanent cost reductions that we've
discussed over the past few quarters. At the end of the third quarter, over 90% of those cost actions have
been completed, with the balance scheduled to be finalized in the fourth quarter. Varun will dig deeper into
the puts and takes of these numbers shortly.

Regarding the competitive landscape, as many of you on the call know, in August, AutoNation announced
that it will be closing its aftermarket collision parts business. This headline is both a commentary on the
difficulty of growing a profitable aftermarket parts business and more importantly, a true testament to the
strength of LKQ's aftermarket collision parts operations with our market-leading fulfillment rates, service
reliability, nationwide coverage and unrivaled depth and breadth of inventory.

From a supply perspective, we have minimal issues sourcing product for our aftermarket crash parts
business, and our Taiwanese supply partners are well positioned as we prepare for the winter season.
We have seen some tightness getting adequate space on ships for our containers, causing some delay on
product coming in from Taiwan and an uptick in freight expense. Depending on the supplier and product,
we have witnessed delays anywhere from 1 week to 30 days. Having said that, our overall inventory is in
good shape and heading in the right direction.

On the salvage front, auction volumes are still depressed, but we've seen a slight increase in activity over
the past month. We did experience a rapid uptick in pricing during the quarter, as used car prices surged
and the exporters resurfaced at the auctions. But our team has done a fantastic job at combating these
price increases by harvesting more parts per vehicle and executing our price optimization strategy. When
combined with the rise in precious metals prices, our efforts have allowed us to recapture a significant
portion of the increased pricing at auction.

As we enter Q4, we have seen little change in pricing, but we are optimistic that this trend will reverse
over the next few quarters as volumes return to historical level. While these pricing dynamics may put
some pressure on salvage margins in the near term, when taken together with our productivity gains, over
the longer term, we believe North America EBITDA margins will settle out well above 2019 levels.

Now let's turn to Europe. Total revenue for our European segment during the third quarter rose 2.2%
compared to the prior year. Organic revenue for parts and services in the third quarter decreased 0.7%,
while the negative impact of acquisitions and divestitures was a negative 1.5% and currencies added

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LKQ CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

4.5%. Throughout the quarter, most regions witnessed stronger-than-anticipated volumes, a very
encouraging trend. As I stated in our second quarter call, not all regions were impacted by the COVID
pandemic at the same time or to the same degree, creating a different growth profile for each of our
European businesses. This difference in growth profile continued in the third quarter, but the variability in
growth across the businesses were not as disparate when compared to Q2.

Importantly, certain key markets such as the U.K., Germany and the Netherlands posted single-digit
organic revenue growth on a per day basis, with September generally reflecting the best month of the
quarter. Italy continued to be the softest region posting the largest year-over-year declines, followed by
the Central and Eastern European operations, which collectively were also down on a year-over-year basis.

In the U.K., we have completed the restructuring of the Andrew Page branches, with nearly 30
unprofitable branches closed and all remaining branches running on ECP's IT infrastructure. While this
branch restructuring likely cost us bit in terms of revenue growth, it enabled ECP to post double-digit
EBITDA margins for the first time in the last 17 quarters. As the leading aftermarket mechanical parts
distributor in the U.K., we believe ECP has the best margins in the market given the scale advantages and
the operational efficiency as a result of our investments.

Local management has done a terrific job of delivering on the key operational initiatives of profitable
growth and enhanced and margins. Additionally, our Brexit contingency plan is in place and being
thoughtfully executed, despite the significant uncertainty around the Brexit negotiations. The team
continues to effectively manage any safety stock risk in the U.K.

Our European team continues to rightsize their inventory levels in the midst of the lower demand. As of
late, we have seen softness in sourcing products broadly across our supply chain. And daily, we actively
review, line by line, our inventory levels to assure our customer service and fulfillment rates continue to be
industry-leading. I am happy to report, at this time, neither of those has been impacted largely because of
our levels of safety stock.

Lastly on Europe, the execution of our 1 LKQ Europe program remains on track. As mentioned at our
September 2020 Investor Day, we have pulled forward some activities relative to the original plan and
have seen slight delays in other areas. Again, we've accelerated our platform rationalization, innovation
and shared services development, talent acquisition efforts and the build-out of our digital strategy; while
our ERP harmonization projects, procurement and product and yield management activities have been
delayed by a quarter or 2. In total, we remain comfortable with both the magnitude and the cadence of
the margin improvements set forth in the comprehensive review that Arnd and Yanik provided last month
during the Investor Day event.

Moving on to Specialty. During the third quarter, our Specialty segment had total revenue growth of 1.4%
composed of organic revenue growth for parts and services of 1.1% and acquisitions and currencies
making up the balance. Given some industry-wide inventory challenges, our organic growth rates were
clearly hindered by the low availability of product to meet the robust demand, and we believe the lost
revenue due to significant gaps in the supply chain.

That said, we believe that our market-leading position allowed us to fare better than our competitors.
And as you would expect, we are in constant communication with our suppliers to work with them and
help wherever we can to get more product out on the road. Over the past few weeks, we have seen an
increase in product receipts, and we have finally started to increase our Specialty inventory levels, with
sales growth rates increasing as a result. In particular, we are encouraged by the extended RV season,
with this particular product group continuing to perform well.

From a corporate development perspective, during the quarter, we acquired a mobile diagnostics
business that provides our existing diagnostics business entry into the Virginia market and also add some
technicians that will serve key markets throughout North Carolina. Also during the quarter, STAHLGRUBER
entered into an agreement to divest its 51% ownership stake in 2 small businesses located in Poland.
These transactions represent our ongoing effort to rationalize our asset base through the divestiture of
noncore, lower-margin businesses and finding new opportunities to grow our customer offerings. The net
consideration related to these transactions was negligible.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LKQ CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

From an ESG perspective, during the third quarter, our recycling businesses processed 209,000 vehicles,
resulting in, among other things, the recycling of 990,000 gallons of fuel, 581,000 gallons of waste
oil, 542,000 tires and 191,000 batteries. During Q3, we also processed approximately 286,000 tons of
scrap steel. You can see that our businesses help preserve significant levels of natural resources, reduce
the demand for scarce landfill space and reduce air and water pollution, all of which helps protect the
environment.

So where do we go from here? Similar to the second quarter, we have clearly benefited from a solid
rebound in demand during Q3. But as widely publicized, there has been a resurgence in COVID cases
across the globe, with positive test rates reaching all-time highs. It is impossible to predict how the recent
surge may impact our business, as it depends on how the governments around the globe react. Some
countries are headed back to strict lockdowns, but most appeared to be focused more on curbing certain
activities such as attending sporting events and other group functions, limiting in-restaurant dining and
utilizing virtual schooling, all of which will continue to dampen mobility.

While the horizon of the overall market demand remains foggy, we are hopeful that the industry will not
return to the extreme market conditions experienced early in the second quarter. With that as a backdrop,
we do not expect any material improvement in mobility or overall industry demand in the fourth quarter,
as there are no catalysts apparent to drive meaningful increases in miles driven. Until improvement is
evident in our business, we remain intensely focused on controlling our cost and generating significant
levels of cash flow.

And at this point, I will turn the call over to Varun.

Varun Laroyia
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Nick, and a very good morning from the LKQ offices in Chicago to everyone joining us
today. I'm very excited to speak with you this morning on our third quarter results. When I joined LKQ
in October 2017, I saw a market-leading business with an opportunity to become even stronger by
becoming disciplined and more rigorous in the application of key management principles. Since then,
following a very successful consolidation phase in the company's evolution, we shifted our focus to
operational excellence with an emphasis on pursuing profitable revenue growth and generating high-
quality, sustainable free cash flow.

Our 2020 results and especially the third quarter are an indication of the success of these multiyear
efforts. I want to acknowledge the work of all our teams across the business in producing a record quarter
of earnings per share and over $1 billion in free cash flow through 9 months, while navigating a pandemic.
That is truly outstanding performance. In my remarks, I will cover the progress we've made with margin
expansion and cash flow generation and a brief recap of the segment results and our thoughts about the
fourth quarter.

I'll start with Slide 7, which shows the consolidated margins achieved over the last 3 years. You can see
how prioritizing profitable revenue growth has played out in gross margin in the last couple of years. Each
quarter in 2019 and 2020 has shown year-over-year improvement, except perhaps the third quarter of
2019, which was adversely impacted by 60 basis points from restructuring charges. Taking away that
impact, it would have been 7 consecutive quarters of year-over-year improvement.

Listen, I can't guarantee that The Street will continue uninterrupted, as we know there are positive and
negative shocks that can pop up such as the effect from fluctuations in precious metal prices. However,
I fundamentally believe that we are in a stronger and more resilient position today than a few years
ago, linked to rightsizing and productivity actions and margin initiatives implemented across each of our
segments that recognize the world-class fill rate, service and value that we provide to our customers to
help them achieve their goals.

Additionally, with the portfolio deep dive that we initiated in line with the operational excellence program,
an integral part of our ongoing efforts to rationalize our asset base, the divestiture of lower-margin and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LKQ CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

noncore businesses is increasing our margin profile and improving returns on invested capital, all of which
is a sustainable development.

Shifting to segment EBITDA. We recognize that the benefits of our gross margin improvement initiatives
were being partially or fully offset by changes in overhead expense leverage. As you will recall, we
implemented a global restructuring program in 2019 to drive operating efficiencies, along with the ongoing
1 LKQ Europe program. When the global pandemic struck in early 2020, we took tough and decisive
actions to accelerate the cost savings initiatives. We acted immediately to align overhead expenses with
revenue changes through actions such as furloughs, salary reductions and bypassed discretionary and
other non-mission-critical spending.

Further and more importantly, we made permanent reductions through another restructuring program
that targeted inefficient operations that had built up over years of relentless revenue growth. These cost
actions have been critical to the margin success we've seen in the last 2 quarters during the pandemic,
including the 210 basis point year-over-year improvement in the third quarter.

Looking at Slide 8, you can see the effects of our cost structure actions, with the largest cuts coming in
Q2, followed by some increase owing to operational activity in Q3, as revenue recovered. Importantly,
we've layered back expenses at a lower rate than the revenue increase. Sequential revenue in the third
quarter increased by 16%, while overhead expenses grew only by 10%, thus creating positive operating
leverage. We are encouraged by these results and the level of permanent cost savings being achieved
across the business.

On Slide 10, you'll see a summary of the consolidated results for the quarter, highlighted by impressive
profitability increases on the segment EBITDA and EPS lines.

Moving to segment performance. We are very pleased with the North America results, as shown on Slide
11. The segment EBITDA margin of 17.6% is the highest we've seen in the history of the company and
merits additional praise for coming in the third quarter, which traditionally runs at a lower margin than the
first 2. The gross margin remains strong due to pricing and rightsizing actions and was further enhanced
by favorable impacts from scrap steel and precious metal prices.

It's difficult to forecast how long the precious metals benefit will last. The current prices support a
continuing benefit into the fourth quarter, although at a diminished level, as car costs adjust for the
increase. We expect some downward pressure on gross margin in the fourth quarter from higher salvage
car costs, and the team is working to mitigate those effects.

North America has done an exemplary job of leveraging operating expenses as evidenced by a 5%
sequential increase in OpEx in Q3 to deliver a 15% revenue increase. Personnel costs are the biggest
driver of improvement, reflecting reduced headcount, lower medical claims, improved safety performance,
lower overtime and limited travel expenses. With gross margin expansion and operating expense leverage,
North America delivered an incredible result. As you heard at our Virtual Investor Day last month and see
in these results, the North American management team has embraced the operational excellence mindset
and is delivering outstanding performance.

Europe also produced a strong segment EBITDA margin in the third quarter, coming in at 9.2%, which
is its highest figure since the second quarter of 2017. As shown on Slide 12, the gross margin remains
solid at 37.1% and generated most of the year-over-year improvement in segment EBITDA, largely due to
margin enhancement initiatives implemented to pursue our profitable revenue growth objective.

Overhead expenses are down in local currency versus last year as a result of permanent and temporary
headcount reductions, limited travel expenses and aid from government programs in Europe. We know
that there is more work to do in Europe to realize the full benefits of the 1 LKQ Europe program, but we
now have the right team in place, and we are confident that they're positioned to meet or exceed the
segment EBITDA margin target for the second half of 2020 that was presented during Investor Day.

Turning to Slide 13. Specialty continues to perform well through the pandemic, producing a 60 basis
point improvement in segment EBITDA. There is some year-over-year mix shift impacting gross margin
and freight expenses in offsetting directions, leaving personnel expenses as the primary driver of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LKQ CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

the improvement. Specialty made significant reductions in 2019 but was able to identify additional
opportunities to drive efficiency and productivity. We've seen this benefit come through in the operating
expense leverage.

So in summary, Q3 was an excellent quarter for all 3 of our segments. Each faced challenging conditions
and yet produced year-over-year improvements. Reflecting upon the journey we've taken over the last few
years, I vividly recall Q1 2018 when, as a newbie to LKQ, the business generated $5 million of incremental
segment EBITDA on a revenue increase of $378 million, and contrast that against this quarter with a $52
million increase year-over-year in segment EBITDA despite a $100 million decrease in revenue. There's a
lot of hard work and difficult decisions that got us to this position. A massive thank you to all of my LKQ
colleagues who have helped make this happen.

Now on to cash flow and liquidity. Q3 was another successful quarter for cash flow generation. We added
$222 million in operating cash flows, as we continued to benefit from reductions in trade working capital,
especially inventory. As expected and stated on the second quarter earnings call, some of the tax payment
deferral that boosted cash flow in the first half reversed this quarter as we caught up on income tax and
VAT payments, which partially offset the trade working capital benefit.

The vendor financing program in Europe continues to ramp up with an increase in supplier participation,
which we expect to yield benefits in 2021. During the fourth quarter, we give back some of the year-to-
date trade working capital-related benefits as we plan to increase our inventory levels to support the
service and fill rate requirements of our businesses based on the revenue trend and expectations for 2021,
including normal seasonality as we approach the winter. As previously mentioned, while we expect to be
able to operate effectively at a lower inventory balance than we exited 2019, the September figure isn't
sustainable in the long run for us to continue our best-in-class fill rates.

As shown on Slide 14, operating cash flows were $1.1 billion through September, and CapEx cash outlays
were $110 million. The resulting free cash flow was used to pay down over $1 billion in debt. We are very
pleased with the trend in EBITDA to free cash flow conversion, as presented on Slide 15, though we know
that the 2020 ratio of 108% just isn't sustainable. However, the strong conversion this year demonstrates
the ability of the business to generate significant cash during periods of extreme volatility.

On Slide 16, you can see the progress we've made this year to strengthen our liquidity position. I want to
highlight the net leverage ratio, which has decreased to 2x from 2.6x at the end of 2019. We've targeted
to maintain our net leverage around the 2x level, as I stated at the Investor Day last month. And reaching
this level creates flexibility in our capital allocation decisions, while continuing to pursue investment-grade
metrics.

We will still opportunistically pay down debt when appropriate. And the target net leverage ratio, combined
with a solid total liquidity position, gives us confidence to restart the share repurchase program. As you
recall, we voluntarily halted the program in March to preserve cash as we worked to understand the
pandemic's effect on our business. No different than before, we will repurchase shares when we feel
market conditions are favorable under our remaining authorization.

Finally, I will close with a couple of thoughts on the fourth quarter. As COVID uncertainties remain, we
are not providing full financial guidance for 2020. However, our experiences obtained from operating
in the pandemic over the last 7 months gives us comfort in making the following statements, which
assumes extreme mobility restrictions, I repeat, which assumes that extreme mobility restrictions are not
reimplemented in our major markets.

One, we believe that the full organic parts and services revenue recovery will come through sometime in
2021. Though near term, our fourth quarter revenue will be lower than the reported 2019 figure. Two,
with the ongoing benefit of our focus on cost and productivity actions and margin improvement efforts,
we expect our fourth quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share to be above the comparable figure for
2019. And finally, we project that free cash flow for the full year 2020 will be a minimum of $900 million,
up double-digit year-over-year despite the lower revenue.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LKQ CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

So once again, thank you for your time and attention this morning. And with that, I'll turn the call back to
Nick for his closing comments.

Dominick P. Zarcone
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Varun, for that detailed financial update. In closing, our performance in the quarter clearly
illustrates the strength of our business, which is driven by a tremendous team that is focused on our
key initiatives of driving profitable revenue growth, enhanced margins and free cash flow. Regardless of
the operating environment and hurdles confronted, our team once again delivered on each one of these
initiatives in the quarter. No one at LKQ takes for granted how hard we work to create our market-leading
positions, and all levels of the organization are laser-focused on maintaining and growing these positions
each and every day.

The strength of our 3 reporting segments is based on our geographic, customer and product diversity,
unmatched inventory levels and the high levels of fulfillment rates across all of our segments, which is all
supported by a proud culture of putting the customer at the center of everything we do. With these key
initiatives in place and the best operating teams in the industry, we are confident that we will continue to
drive long-term value for our shareholders.
Operator, we are now ready to open the call to questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

LKQ CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Daniel Imbro of Stephens.

Daniel Robert Imbro
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Congrats on the quarter.

Dominick P. Zarcone
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Daniel.

Varun Laroyia
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Daniel.

Daniel Robert Imbro
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Varun, I wanted to ask one on OpEx, specifically on the personnel. I think in the slide, you mentioned
personnel was down 12%. That included some portion of permanent costs but also some portion of like
lack of merit-based expenses -- or merit-based increases, which should come back eventually, I would
think. Over what kind of time frame do you expect that to normalize? And can you help us think about
what that 12% looks like by segment? Is it more concentrated in North America or Europe? Any kind of
color there would be helpful.

Varun Laroyia
Executive VP & CFO

Absolutely, Daniel. So yes, in terms of when you look at the personnel costs, that's really the one area
which is a significant portion, in fact, by far, the largest key element of our operating expenses. With
regards to some of the temporary cost savings that we had implemented in the second quarter, I think,
as we've mentioned, in the third quarter, those pretty much came back. So if your question is in terms of
what level of the bypassed merit or the salary trims that had taken place, those are currently running on a
normal basis as of now. So from that perspective, that's going to come back.

But I think more importantly, what you should think about is the permanent cost reduction that we've
called out exactly 7 weeks ago by segment at our Virtual Investor Day on the 10th of September. North
America and Europe, both of them are driving hard on that front. North America is ahead with regards to
the execution of that program, and we're certainly seeing that benefit come through. So all in all, happy
with the way we're managing our cost structure, given the extreme volatility there is out there in the
market.

Operator

Our next question is from Scott Stember of CL King.

Scott Lewis Stember
CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Congrats on a great quarter.

Dominick P. Zarcone
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

LKQ CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Thank you, Scott.

Varun Laroyia
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you.

Scott Lewis Stember
CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division

You talked about, obviously, some certain caution regarding the increased infection rate throughout the
world. I'm just trying to get a sense of what we've seen so far in October. Have you seen any material
difference from the trajectory of recovery in Europe, particularly in the U.K. and the Netherlands and
Germany?

Dominick P. Zarcone
President, CEO & Director

So obviously, we had a -- what we think was a pretty good third quarter across the enterprise, given
where we are with miles driven and the like. Importantly, in Europe, while we were down 0.7% organic for
the quarter, some of the key markets were up kind of single digits, particularly the U.K., Germany and the
Netherlands; and September was the best month generally of the quarter, so that was encouraging.

The -- we haven't seen a significant move in the first couple of weeks of October, either up or down,
quite frankly. But the spikes in the cases have just -- they've just started. And the governments are just
beginning to think about what their action plans are going to be. Actually, since we've been on this call, I
saw a note that France is going into pretty much of a severe lockdown. Now we don't have much business
in France, so that won't have an impact on us. The key, Scott, is how are the governments around the
globe going to react to the current spike in positive cases. And we just don't have any clarity as to how
that's going to be. But thus far, we're okay.

Operator

Our next question is from Brian Butler of Stifel.

Brian Joseph Butler
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I just wanted to maybe go in a little bit more on the working capital, and if you could provide a little bit
more color. I know you said that it was going to -- you're going to give back some of that, but maybe
a little bit of color on fourth quarter, where that comes. Is that a couple of hundred million dollars in
inventory? Or anything that could help us get that fourth quarter number right.

Varun Laroyia
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, absolutely. I think it's a great question. And as I kind of called out in the second quarter and then
also at Investor Day last month and then earlier this morning, the working capital conversion as of now is
running significantly higher, essentially proving that the business model that LKQ operates has the ability
to generate significant amounts of free cash, as we've proven yet again.

With regards to the fourth quarter, given as to how revenue trends are coming through, we do see
ourselves investing in inventory, specifically. And again, it's broad-based but largely within our specialty
segment, which essentially has been constrained up to a certain point to -- with regards to inventory
availability. It is flowing at this point of time, but that clearly is the one key priority that we are pushing
pretty hard on.

And so, really, it will be the inventory build for a few reasons, Brian. One, we are significantly lower than
where the revenue is currently trending. We do expect the balance sheet to also flex based on revenue.
But as you know, revenue is running a little bit better than where the inventory levels are. We do not have
any fill rate issues. We do not have any stock-outs, but we certainly want to maintain our best-in-class

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

LKQ CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

and class-leading fill rates and service levels. So that is something that we're not willing to compromise
on.

So really from that perspective, as I called out this morning also, we will be delivering at least a minimum
of $900 million of free cash flow for the full year. A year ago, it was roughly about $800 million. So that
certainly makes sense with regards to a double-digit conversion. And then the final piece really is, as you
think about our key selling season. It's the first and the second quarter. And so now is the time when we
need to rebuild the inventory levels for that seasonal uptick as we head into the winter. So yes, we will see
some trade working capital giveback, and really, it will be within the inventory side.

Operator

Our next question is from Craig Kennison of R. W. Baird.

Craig R. Kennison
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

I wanted to ask about just the pandemic here. I mean it's been particularly hard on small businesses.
I'm curious what you see as your competitive change in position here. I'm sure you've got some small
competitors that are struggling, but then also, you've got some customers here who are also small
businesses, who also may be struggling. And just wondering how all of that dynamic plays out maybe in
2021 as things hopefully normalize.

Dominick P. Zarcone
President, CEO & Director

Yes, I wish I had a crystal ball, Craig. The reality is it's all going to depend on what the governments
around the globe do, not only as it relates to kind of controlling the pandemic vis-a-vis restrictions on
mobility, which obviously, as we saw in the second and third quarter, have a negative impact on the overall
demand in our industry. And that hits not only distributors like ourselves, but it also hits our customers.

And also what they do from an economic stimulus perspective. The reality is we saw some of our
competitors early in the pandemic shut their doors for a couple of weeks. And almost as soon as the
Payroll Protection Plan monies got distributed, they opened back up. But that tells you kind of how much
on the line some of those smaller businesses are in being able to keep the doors open.

If there are significant restrictions on mobility, such as demand for repair services and related parts is
down and there is no government support, well, that's going to really put the smaller businesses at risk. If
the governments come along with another big funding, if you will, to help businesses stay afloat, that will
obviously mitigate.

What we've seen across the globe is not a rash of people going out of business. But we know, for a fact,
like in the U.K., market demand in the third quarter was down. Our organic revenue in the U.K. was up,
so we're taking share. And we believe that the larger, well capitalized businesses are doing okay in this
environment, and the smaller undercapitalized businesses are going to continue to struggle.

So the answer to your question, Craig, it all depends on how deep the restrictions are in mobility and what
kind of programs are in place, particularly for smaller businesses by the government to keep them going.

Operator

Our next question is from Bret Jordan of Jefferies.

Bret David Jordan
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

With another quarter of accounts payable experience under your belt, Varun, I guess, could you give us
a feeling where you think you might be able to get your payables ratio in Europe? And obviously, I guess
your aggregate AP is like 37%. But what do you think your total payables ratio could be company-wide, as
you sort of run this program forward?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

LKQ CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Varun Laroyia
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Listen, great question and very happy with the way the payables program is coming along in Europe,
both the formal vendor financing program but also the ongoing discussions with our supplier community.
We keep ramping that piece up. We've seen some benefit in the current fiscal year. But really where we
expect to see a lot of those negotiations come to fruition will be in 2021. And again, it's not everything
going to the formal vendor financing program. In a number of cases, Bret, we actually have our supplier
basically giving us what we're looking for from an extended payment term perspective in any case.

So overall, things are moving in the right direction. All I'll say is there is still a tremendous opportunity
within our European segment. Our teams are working hard on that front. We have prioritized the top 40
suppliers, and those discussions have come through really strongly. There is still a large portion of the
remainder of COGS in Europe to actually come through.

In terms of giving you an absolute number, listen, this is a multiyear program. And despite that fact,
I know folks would be clamoring to trying to get a target number that we are chasing. Listen, it's one
step at a time. In many ways, this is the first time it's been done across the European continent in our
industry, and I'm glad with -- we now have a partner that's also pushing hard on that front in the 2 largest
protagonists across the European continent. So we know we're not alone on that front. Great progress
being made, and we keep resetting the bar with regards to where we expect this program to end up.

Operator

Our next question is from Stephanie Benjamin of Truist.

Stephanie Benjamin
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

You guys have noted, firstly at your Analyst Day, but again today, that you reshuffled some of your
margin improvement initiatives in Europe, delayed some like ERP, but accelerated others. Is this updated
strategy kind of less reliant on the top line improvement? I'm just trying to get a sense of, okay, worst-
case scenario, Europe does see a meaningful lockdown, how these initiatives can still be realized even at a
tougher top line environment.

Dominick P. Zarcone
President, CEO & Director

Stephanie, good question. The reality is it's a combination of both, right? I mean some of the things
that we're doing, clearly, we are going to be moving towards a shared service center. That's really not
dependent on revenue flow in any given quarter. That's all about just trying to really get rid of some
duplicative cost that are being incurred across the platform currently, and pool them all together in a
single spot. And again, that's one of those items that we mentioned back in September 10 that we're
pulling forward in the overall plan.

Other items like procurement benefits, there is a direct or a relatively direct connection to revenue
because as revenue goes up, our procurement and our inventories need to go up to support that higher
level of revenue, which means our supplier rebates and the like go up. If revenue goes down, we're buying
a little bit less from the suppliers, and our rebates go down. And so that's -- so some of it is not impacted
by revenue. And the things that are totally under our control, we're trying to move forward. Other things
have a connection to revenue. So it's a little bit of a mixed bag.

As of now, like I indicated, we are comfortable with both the magnitude and the cadence of the margin
developments and forecast that we provided during the Analyst Day about 50 days ago.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our next question is from Daniel Imbro of Stephens.

Daniel Robert Imbro

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

LKQ CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Stephens Inc., Research Division

I have a follow-up, guys. Varun, I wanted to touch on the cost side of the equation. You mentioned in your
segment discussion that freight costs are also increasing. I think in the slide, you said you increased your
third-party freight exposure. Can you talk about what potential offsets you have to mitigate that risk? And
maybe can you compare where you're at today versus where we were at in the last freight cycle in 2017,
when it was a pretty big headwind to margins for you guys? Maybe just compare the 2 situations.

Varun Laroyia
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, absolutely. And yes, we are seeing an increase in freight. Freight is actually impacting both our COGS.
So if you think about North America, aftermarket supplies coming in from Taiwan, Daniel, we have seen a
spike in the spot rates for ocean freight. So that has spiked. We're still able to get our product delivered,
so no issues from an inventory availability. We're actually getting it through. But yes, we have seen a
spike in spot rates on that front.

I think the other piece I'd probably -- I'd point you towards is, see how the big freight forwarders and
carriers here in the United States, but also the same folks in Europe. The UPS and FedExes of this world, I
mean, they essentially are also doing incredibly well, and they have taken their charges up.

The final one really is we are seeing an uptick in e-commerce and online purchases. So from that
perspective, there is some tightness in demand out there. The ongoing challenge of finding delivery
drivers, it's no different to others within our industry or for that matter, anyone else within the distribution
space per se. And so from that perspective, what we have done from, call it, the first quarter 2018 where
we saw this piece initially, we obviously did become more efficient with regards to the amount of product
that was being shuttled around. And where it was being transported on a cross country basis, for example,
to kind of keep our fill rates up. The example I gave was from Q1 '18, where revenue was up like just
under $400 million, and all it really kind of got us was about $5 million of incremental segment EBITDA.
We've obviously put those learnings into place. And yes, there are certain charges that we do apply as and
when those are necessitated.

So we're certainly mitigating a lot of it through the learnings of the past couple of years. But clearly, there
is an uptick on that front. And our teams with regards to route optimization, our road map proliferation
across the network or for that matter, the number of delivery that end up taking place, all of that piece is
being worked into the equation. So really happy with the way our segment teams, in fact, all 3 segment
teams are dealing with this spike in freight and delivery costs.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we have no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back to Nick Zarcone for
any closing remarks.

Dominick P. Zarcone
President, CEO & Director

Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us on this call. Again, we believe we reported just terrific results
during the third quarter of 2020. We are working hard to make sure that we can do everything under our
control to deal with the impact of the pandemic, both, obviously, what's occurred thus far and what may
ever lie ahead for the globe going forward. You can trust that we are going to be extremely focused on our
cost structure and continuing to generate cash. On that, I want to give a huge thank you to everybody on
the LKQ team because it has absolutely been a huge team effort to get us where we are today.

And lastly, we started off right before this call with a piece of birthday cake for none other than Joe
Boutross, whose birthday is today. So Joe, happy birthday to you. I know most of the folks on the call
know you well, and I'm sure they extend their best wishes.

So we will talk again after fourth quarter results, and we appreciate your attention. Take care.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

LKQ CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

LKQ CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

