Lockheed Martin Corporation NYSE:LMT
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, July 21, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

5.71

5.79

Revenue  (mm)

15200.78

16220.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-21-2020 1:48 PM GMT

1.40

6.71

6.13

24.12

26.28

16021.00

63599.37

67066.89

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

5.05

5.04

5.84

5.71

5.66

5.29

6.08

5.79

12.08 %

4.96 %

4.11 %

1.40 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Greg Gardner
Vice President of Investor
Relations

James D. Taiclet
President, CEO & Director

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

David Egon Strauss
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

George D. Shapiro
Shapiro Research

Jonathan Phaff Raviv
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Myles Alexander Walton
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Noah Poponak
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Peter J. Arment
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Richard Tobie Safran
Seaport Global Securities LLC,
Research Division

Robert Alan Stallard
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Robert Michael Spingarn
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Seth Michael Seifman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Lockheed Martin Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Results
Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I
would like to turn the call over to Mr. Greg Gardner, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead,
sir.

Greg Gardner
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, John, and good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to our second quarter 2020 earnings
conference call. Joining me today on the call are Jim Taiclet, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and
Ken Possenriede, our Chief Financial Officer.

Statements made in today's call that are not historical fact are considered forward-looking statements
and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of federal securities law. Actual results may differ
materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release and
our SEC filings for a description of some of the factors that may cause actual results to differ materially
from those in the forward-looking statements.

We have posted charts on our website today that we plan to address during the call to supplement our
comments. These charts also include information regarding non-GAAP measures that may be used in
today's call. Please access our website at www.lockheedmartin.com and click on the Investor Relations link
to view and follow the charts.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.

James D. Taiclet
President, CEO & Director

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. It's a pleasure to be here on my first
Lockheed Martin's earnings call, and I look forward to working with all of you. I hope this call finds you
and your family safe and healthy. The world continues to combat the coronavirus outbreak while striving
to recover and sustain economic activity. Our primary objective at Lockheed Martin is to ensure the
health and welfare of our employees and their families, our teammates, customers and communities. We
remain vigilant taking the necessary steps to help protect our workforce while producing the products and
solutions our customers need to achieve their important readiness objectives.

Our business areas have taken actions, including implementing alternative work schedules, health and
safety checks at our facilities and telework wherever possible. Most recently, our Aeronautics team
established a rotational facility plan for our F-35 production line, allowing us to continue to manufacture
the aircraft while practicing social distancing and completing regular deep cleaning. The corporation
also continues to support our critical industrial-based suppliers, frontline medical workers and our local
communities with COVID-19 relief and response.

In March, the Department of Defense announced it would increase progress payment rates to large
businesses from 80% to 90%, accelerating payments for the completion of work and recognition of the
challenges posed by COVID-19. The DoD's expectation was that prime contractors would flow these
accelerated payments to the supply chain. Through the second quarter, Lockheed Martin has slowed all
of the accelerated payments the corporation has received from the Department of Defense, $1.3 billion
in total to our supply chain. In this process, we've given priority to small and vulnerable suppliers as we
continue our efforts to promote a healthy and sustainable defense industrial base.

We've also continued to support our local communities and to date have made substantial donations to
nonprofit organizations involved in COVID-19-related relief and assistance with emphasis on veterans and
military families. And as a global organization employing thousands across the world, we are supporting

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

related initiatives in 15 different countries, including donations to food banks, health care facilities,
distance learning and research efforts to help combat this disease.

This corporation has hired more than 9,000 new employees across the United States since the crisis began
and is advertising for another 3,000 positions. We remain on track with plans to hire approximately 12,000
employees during 2020.

And across the country, we produced more than 65,000 protective gowns and 32,000 face shields, and
we've donated PPE at 174 locations where frontline medical workers are caring for COVID-19 patients
and others at risk. Through all these initiatives, Lockheed Martin remains committed to supporting our
employees, our suppliers and communities in which our company operates through the course of this
ongoing pandemic.

Ken will review our first quarter financials and updated full year outlook in more detail in a few minutes.
As you've seen from our press release, we had a very strong quarter financially despite the effects of
the coronavirus. Mitigation plans put in place by each of our business areas, their teammates and supply
chain, the international community as well as strong support from the Department of Defense and broad
U.S. government actions have allowed us to minimize the financial impacts on our company. This, coupled
with outstanding operational performance, have enabled us to increase our full year outlook for sales,
earnings, EPS and cash from operations.

Sales in the quarter were 12% greater than last year as all 4 business areas increased from 2019.
Our segment operating profit results were also strong, growing 15% year-over-year driven by both
higher sales growth and an increase in segment profit margin to 11%. We had a strong quarter of
cash generation, bringing in over $2.2 billion of cash from operations and executed our balanced cash
deployment strategy.

Moving to new business activities. We received nearly $22 billion in orders this quarter, raising our backlog
to over $150 billion, a new high watermark. Our Aeronautics business area led the company with over $9
billion of orders, including $7 billion of total orders booked for the F-35. We were able to add 84 jets to the
program with the finalization of 2 Lot 14 production contracts, bringing the current number of planes in
our backlog to 411 aircraft.

Our F-35 team also added approximately $1 billion in combined sustainment and development awards
this quarter as well. Missiles and Fire Control also had a strong quarter, with the Defense Department
announcing several PAC-3 awards, including one for over $6 billion to supply PAC-3 MSE interceptors,
launcher modification kits and associated equipment to support the United States and foreign military
sales customers across multiple contract years. These awards demonstrate the global demand for PAC-3
MSE interceptors, and to meet that demand this year, we began work on an 85,000 square foot building
expansion at our Camden, Arkansas facility. The building is expected to be completed by fourth quarter
2021, with operations there beginning in the first quarter of 2022.

Our Rotary and Mission Systems secured orders of over $1 billion to support and supply 24 MH-60 Romeo
helicopters to the government of India. This Sikorsky SEAHAWK aircraft will provide maritime, anti-surface
and anti-submarine warfare capabilities to India as well as cargo, utility and search-and-rescue missions.
And our Space business area added multiple orders, including a classified award for over $1 billion.

In total, the corporation grew orders 23% above second quarter 2019 and achieved a company-wide
book-to-bill ratio of nearly 1.4 for the quarter.

I'll touch briefly now on the Department of Defense budgets as both the House and Senate Armed
Services Committees have completed the respective markups of the fiscal year 2021 National Defense
Authorization Act. Each version adheres to the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2019 spending targets and equal
approximately $740 billion for national defense. Appropriation committees from each chamber are in the
process of drafting the funding legislation to accompany the authorization.

So encouraging elements for our portfolio is the Senate version confirmed that the national defense
strategy remains the road map for the Armed Services and the bill was passed with strong bipartisan
support. Our portfolio was well supported in the Senate version for the recommended increase of 16

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

F-35 aircraft above the President's request, additional funding for missile defense priorities, including
an 8 THAAD battery, and increased funding for the Homeland Defense Radar Hawaii program. Congress
will continue with the authorization and appropriation phases. We look forward to the finalization of the
process in supporting our warfighters' needs.

Moving on, I would like to highlight several significant events that occurred across the corporation during
the past quarter. Beginning with Aeronautics, the F-35 team achieved another operational milestone as our
United Kingdom partner celebrated the initial carrier deployment of its 617 Squadron. This legendary unit,
known as The Dambusters from their exploits of World War II, is now aboard the HMS Queen Elizabeth
aircraft carrier. The Squadron will now begin its series of flight trials demonstrating the jet's ability to
defend the carrier through combat air controls, rapid deployment and interoperability with other U.K. naval
assets. This is all in preparation for their second embarkation later in the year when the Squadron will join
the carrier and her task group for a large multinational training exercise with U.S., European and NATO
partners.

The ship will then set sail again next year for her maiden global Carrier Strike Group 21 deployment. We're
proud to provide this unrivaled fifth-generation aircraft to help support our U.K. partner in the security of
their nation.

Moving to RMS, our Radar Surveillance Systems team achieved 2 notable milestones this quarter. In
April, they successfully completed the Sentinel A4 radar program preliminary design review following
successful system requirement and system functional reviews, which took place earlier this year. So just
4 months after the initial contract award, the Sentinel team has already achieved several key milestones
as it progresses the critical design review phase later this year and then in a fabrication, demonstration
and test. The Sentinel a4 radar replaces the current A3 variant and will provide improved air and missile
defense against low-flying unmanned aerial systems, cruise missiles, drones and other threats. With the
program of record of approximately 200 systems plus international partnerships, the Sentinel program
alone has a total potential contract value of over $3 billion.

RMS also delivered to the U.S. Army the first AN/TPQ-53 radar system, which is equipped with gallium
nitride to provide additional power and enhanced counterfire target acquisition capabilities. The TPQ-53
radar locates and tracks enemy indirect fire in either a 360-degree or a 90-degree mode and was first
deployed in 2010 to Iraq and Afghanistan where it delivered outstanding performance and reliability to
defend our troops. We are currently in full rate production to provide approximately 190 units with a
contract value at $1.6 billion.

So both the Sentinel A4 and the TPQ-53 are part of Lockheed Martin's open, scalable, rare architecture,
the cornerstone of each of these systems designs, which allows for upgrades that will not only extend the
lives of the radars but evolve their capabilities over the next 40-or-so years.

In Missiles and Fire Control, our air and missile defense line of business marked the delivery of the 500
THAAD interceptor to the U.S. Army. That program is a key part of the U.S. missile defense system has
been selected by multiple international partners to support their national security. MFC continues to
expand our production facilities to accommodate that demand.

This quarter, our Space business area as part of the Blue Origin national team, and this really is exciting,
was down-selected for the next phase of the human landing system for NASA's Artemis program. The
Artemis program is the country's ambitious endeavor to land humans on the moon in 2024 and return
them safely to earth.

Leveraging designs and technologies used on our Orion program, Lockheed Martin will produce the crew
ascent element, the vehicle which will transport astronauts from the lunar service -- surface to begin their
journey back to Earth. We look forward to supporting this remarkable mission and continuing our long-
running legacy of supporting NASA missions.

Before I turn over the call to Ken, I'd like to take a moment to thank Marillyn Hewson for her years of
leadership and express how honored I am to have the opportunity to lead Lockheed Martin, a company
that I consider a national asset. My experiences as an Air Force pilot flying Lockheed Martin aircraft

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

and Operation Desert ship helped shape my belief that helping to provide for the defense of our nation
and its allies is one of the most important endeavors that one can undertake. When presented with the
opportunity to become President and Chief Executive Officer here, I viewed it not as a job offer but as a
call of service. Moreover, Marillyn and her executive team have positioned the company for even greater
success in the future, and I'm eager to deliver on that prospect.

Since becoming CEO about a month ago, I've met often virtually with a significant number of our key
government customers to introduce myself, reaffirm our commitment to performance and affordability and
get their feedback. I've been pleased with the broad response of confidence in Lockheed Martin as a key
partner but also the candid discussions on the challenges we jointly face in the national security space.

There's great appreciation for the technologies and solutions we provide, and we have a long heritage
of innovation for our customers. I plan to continue this legacy as well as pursue a long-term strategy to
deliver enhanced capabilities to support what I call the 21st century warfighter concept. That concept
endeavors to bring relevant lessons in the latest technologies from the broader tech sector to the defense
industrial base. I believe Lockheed Martin is uniquely positioned to address this and other evolving
security and needs of our nation and its allies, and I'm excited to have this opportunity.

I've also had the chance to meet with many of you in our investor community in recent weeks. We've
had engaging conversations, and I look forward to continuing that dialogue. As you can tell, I'm quite
convinced that we can further leverage our key platform positions and broad portfolio to drive long-term
value to our shareholders while furthering both national defense and scientific discovery.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Ken.

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Executive VP & CFO

Well, thank you, Jim, and welcome aboard. And good morning to everyone. As Jim noted, I also hope
that each of you are doing well and staying safe. As I highlight our key financial accomplishments, please
follow along with the web charts that we've included with our earnings release today.

So let's begin with Chart 3 and an overview of our results for the quarter. We saw strong results in year-
over-year growth in sales, segment operating profit, cash from operations and earnings per share this
quarter. We delivered $16.2 billion in sales, $1.8 billion in segment operating profit and $5.79 in earnings
per share, which included a noncash charge related to an international joint venture that we are now
exiting.

We generated $2.2 billion of cash from operations, and we continued to execute our balanced cash
deployment plan for 2020, returning almost $1 billion to our shareholders. We achieved a new record
backlog of greater than $150 billion, exceeding our all-time high for the corporation for the eighth
consecutive quarter. We have updated our full year guidance, increasing our estimates for sales, earnings
and operating cash flow as COVID-19 mitigation plans and our outstanding performance have minimized
our year-to-date impacts. Overall, it was a strong quarter for the business in challenging times.

Turning to Chart 4, we compare our sales and segment operating profit this year with last year's results.
Sales grew 12% to $16.2 billion, led by volume in Aeronautics and Missiles and Fire Control, while
segment operating profit increased 15%, led by earnings growth in Aero and RMS. The resulting segment
operating margin was a strong 11% for the second quarter.

These results include the impacts caused by COVID-19 and reflect the proactive efforts of Lockheed Martin
and our customers to mitigate these disruptions, particularly as they apply to our supply chain. And as
we have closely monitored this evolving situation, it has become apparent that some of the impact we
anticipated will be realized in the second half of 2020 versus being contained primarily in 2Q.

Chart 5 shows our earnings per share for 2Q 2020. Our EPS of $5.79 was up $0.79 over results last
year driven by our sales volume increase, favorable performance and additional FAS/CAS income. And
excluding the $0.34 for the impairment of the international joint venture we are exiting, the second
quarter earnings per share would have been $6.13.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

On Chart 6, we will discuss in more detail the cash returned to our shareholders this quarter. We also
had a strong quarter of cash flow, generating $2.2 billion in cash from operations. We continued to invest
in capital projects to support long-term growth, which resulted in over $1.8 billion of free cash flow. We
paid out dividends of $2.40 per share and repurchased $259 million worth of shares. And year-to-date,
we have now repurchased over $1 billion in shares, fulfilling our 2020 outlook. Our ability to consistently
generate strong cash flow allows us to continue with our long-standing balanced cash deployment
strategy.

Let's move on to Chart 7. Strong operational performance in all business areas have allowed us to
increase our outlook for all financial metrics as we continue to implement mitigation actions to combat the
coronavirus. We are now projecting full year sales growth of 7% over 2019 with consistent segment profit
margins, and we've increased our cash flow by $400 million to greater than or equal to $8 billion.

On Chart 8, we will break out the increased sales guidance by business area. We have adjusted our
estimates for Aeronautics, Space and RMS, increasing the midpoint of our sales range by $1.125 billion.
And based on our current assessment of the full year, while COVID-19 has caused disruption in our supply
chain and at some of our key locations, we have had non-COVID performance that has offset the impacts
and gives us confidence to increase our 2020 outlook.

On Chart 9, we show the corresponding increases to segment operating profit by business area, again, led
by Aeronautics, Space and RMS. And in total, we have raised the midpoint of our segment operating profit
guidance by $100 million.

And to conclude, on Chart 10, we have our summary. We had a strong quarter both operationally and
financially, and we have increased our full year outlook for all metrics. We had another quarter of backlog
growth, our eighth in a row, a reflection of the strength provided by our broad portfolio. We continue to
closely monitor the environment and evolving conditions in our business related to COVID-19, and we
remain committed to providing long-term value to our customers and our shareholders.
And with that, John, we are ready to begin the Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And first, from the line of David Strauss with Barclays.

David Egon Strauss
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Jim, to follow up on some of your comments, I want to ask you how you see Lockheed's portfolio position
to perform relative to peers if you look out at potentially a tougher budget environment over the near
term and how you're thinking about sustaining the company's peer-leading growth into the longer term.
If you could take this both from an R&D perspective as well as how you will evaluate investment decisions
from a return perspective.

James D. Taiclet
President, CEO & Director

Sure, David. This company, to me, is incredibly well positioned for any reasonable range of outcomes in
defense spending in the economy over the next few years as well as a breadth of product and service
that is really essential to the national defense strategy. So when you put the 2 things together, I think the
company vis-à-vis peers is incredibly well positioned relative to others.

The backlog of $150 billion is equipment and services that the customer needs they've already signed
up and budgeted for. And again, there are ways to solve both opportunity sets. One is if there's a rising
defense budget or a stable one, we can continue to deliver on that backlog just as it's contracted. But if
it changes, those requirements are still going to need to be met. And because of our platform position,
David, we can extend and broaden the capabilities of existing platforms, make sure that their life can be
extended while at the same time being upgraded to whatever standard is required at that point in time.
So I think the breadth of the company's portfolio of products, services and domains that we operate in is
going to position us well even in a downturn, frankly.

Secondly, on long-term growth, that's -- the threats aren't going away. Defense is going to have to be
supported, I think any reasonable person's view going forward, especially if those people are in positions
of responsibility no matter what party they may come from. So I view that defense has got to be an
important priority for the country going forward. There may be a mix change, if you will, but it's still going
to be an important priority.

Again, the benefit of coming in the door here is the existing portfolio position of the company across the
services, domains, international, space, et cetera. That broad platform is a risk mitigator, in my opinion,
to a downturn in, say, the defense spending trajectory. So on the upside, the innovation gene at this
company is fantastic. So when you can apply that innovation genetic framework to the broad portfolio
that we have, and I hope, bring in some tech industry practices and maybe some new partnerships and
technologies to augment that, I think the upside for long-term growth is really tremendous.

And on the R&D front, if we can get our customers convinced that certain types of independent research
and development need to be compensated for perhaps new ways by the government, so the companies
like ours and others can take risk and we can bring in partners that are willing to take risk, at least
knowing they may have a path to compensation at the end of the day, then we're going to be able to
accelerate our growth.

So we're in a great position to try to work any environment, I think, whether it's defense spending,
technology deployment. I've got an idea called 5G.mil that we're going to try to figure out how to create
and really bring that technology is just one example into our space and drive performance at this company
as a result of that.

David Egon Strauss
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

And Jim, just a quick follow-up there. How do you -- based on your time at American Tower, how do you
measure success from a financial perspective? I think there you really emphasized free cash flow and free
cash flow per share and return on invested capital. Are you going to apply the same kind of framework at
Lockheed?

James D. Taiclet
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I'm pleased to say that Ken is already applying it as we speak and before I got here. So I was really
glad to see that, that's how capital allocation decisions have historically been made here. I think that my
experience at American Tower, we used a wide variety of vehicles to deploy capital, get others to do it on
our behalf or in partnership with us. And maybe we can add some of those elements here and some of my
preexisting relationships in the tech sector and telecom to join us in some of this investment profile. But I
do think that we can continue to drive cash flow per share growth here and ROIC stability or expansion at
the same time. We did it at American Tower over a 20-year period, and I think we can do it here, too.

Operator

Our next question is from Rob Spingarn with Crédit Suisse.

Robert Michael Spingarn
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Welcome, Jim. Very nice first quarter out of the gate. I have a couple of quick things for Ken on the guide.
So Ken, MFC was the one segment where you didn't change the guidance. You had this good bookings
quarter, but -- and I guess growth declines a little bit in the second half. Is this a result of COVID?
Is it just where the business is? When would -- might it reaccelerate to double digits? And then just
separately, I wanted to ask you what you've got embedded in the guide for F-35 production sustainment
development.

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Executive VP & CFO

You bet. So yes, Missiles and Fire control is the one that we did not adjust guidance for. You're exactly
right. Just to remind everybody, it is still our fastest-growing business area, still most profitable business
area. But going around the horn, and it's a little bit of what I talked about in the first quarter, our biggest
concern from a COVID impact standpoint was clearly at Aeronautics. And clearly, the main driver -- main
concern at Aeronautics was F-35. And we've done a good job of anticipating that in the quarter and hence,
the results you saw in the quarter.

We had really strong results at Missiles and Fire Control in the second quarter, frankly, in the first half.
You're right. If you look at where we're going, we're holding guidance. We do see COVID impacts. This is
a very high-volume business. So we are starting to see some pressures on Hellfire deliveries and ATACM
deliveries regarding -- mainly driven by COVID. But we're going to be up year-over-year mid-single-digit
from a growth standpoint in the second half. So still pleased with the trajectory of where the business is
going.

Let's see, your second question on guidance for F-35. Yes, second quarter, we saw strong growth across
F-35. Follow-on modernization, we received some awards in the quarter. That resulted in strong sales
growth year-over-year. In fact, we'll see that into the second half of the year. Production, if you recall,
we had a little bit of a slow start in the first quarter, and that was basically timing of supplier payments
to us that picked up in the second quarter, but really strong production growth in the second quarter and
sustainment is up as well. And so for the year, we're looking at double-digit growth for F-35. Overall, we're
seeing development up really strong; sustainment, really strong; and production, mid-single digits, which
is higher than what we thought.

Operator

Our next question is from George Shapiro with Shapiro Research.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

George D. Shapiro
Shapiro Research

Yes. Ken, I wanted to pursue a little bit more Aeronautics. The F-35, you had an incremental margin of
like 18.5% in the quarter. So obviously, you must have raised the margin, if you can share how much the
margin went up. And then my second question is if you look at your implied guidance at the high end,
the second half of the year has only 3% growth in Aero, way down from 15.5% in the first half. And the
margin is implied at about 10.6%. So is that just being conservative? Or are we starting to really see
some slowdown there?

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, George. So yes, in the quarter, F-35 is up very, very strong. I'm on the top line growth.
Production was up strong, sustainment up strong, as I mentioned on the previous question. If you look at
margins, from a production standpoint, they were strong double digit. We had some risk retirements on a
few of our production lots. It wasn't just block buy, but it was a few of our previous lots that actually are
still open. So we had some risk retirements there.

Developments, so SDD, the SDD has wound down. That was a low-margin business for us. And now we're
embarking on follow-on modernization with our customer. And we're seeing -- though it's cost plus, we
are seeing stronger margins than we did on SDD. Think of those as high single-digit margins. And then
on sustainment, we had a variety of risk retirements, not one single sustainment program that I could
spike out, but there's a variety of sustainment programs that had some risk retirements in the quarter. So
you're right on that, a strong quarter from a margin standpoint.

Second half, we're not anticipating the risk retirements that we had in this quarter, George. And your other
question was looking at the high end of the guidance. Though we think we have done a very good job
with our customer mitigating a lot of the risks due to COVID in the second quarter, we are starting to see
risks specifically in Texas and specifically in our supply chain due to COVID. And we do anticipate seeing
a couple hundred million dollar impact specifically on F-35 production top line due to COVID risk. And
so to your question, is that being conservative, it's only conservative if COVID does not happen. But if it
happens, we feel comfortable with our midpoint of guidance and our high end of guidance.

Operator

And next, we'll go to the line of Jon Raviv with Citi.

Jonathan Phaff Raviv
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Welcome, Jim. Looking forward to working with you. Hope everyone is well. Just thinking about capital
allocation, I know you guys have reiterated your balanced capital strategy. When I think back to the last
time this industry faced a potential political change, high deficits, potential budget pressure, the capital
allocation strategy looked to get a little bit imbalanced. So just any more further perspective on how
capital allocation strategy can shift and flex if the reality on the ground changes? And what might be
different today versus, let's say, 10 years ago? I think 10 years ago, you were heavy in the repo, pretty
big dividend on a relative basis, CapEx fell a lot, whereas now CapEx is still at a pretty high level. So if you
could also weave in your very unlevered balance sheet as well and to think about how capital allocation
plays a role in a pressured budget environment.

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Jon. It's Ken. I hope you're well as well. So I'll take that. Jon, we're committed to providing still a
significant portion of our cash flow to our shareholders. And that's regardless of what happens, what this
downturn looks like. But I'll start with cash. And we just took our cash up to greater than or equal to $8
billion this year. We have some tailwinds, and frankly, this year, we have some headwinds. And with that
balance and what we see with our working capital improvements, we were comfortable doing that.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

One thing I'll say, going out to the future, and it's based on our strong backlog and this, what I'll call, our
culture of cash, I've mentioned in the past that we're comfortable right now even with the headwinds that
we see out in 2021 of $7.7 billion. Based on what we see right now, we're comfortable taking that up $100
million to $7.8 billion. And then out to 2022, we talked about the pretax change for the amortization of
R&D that we saw a path to roughly $7.8 billion in 2022. We're comfortable today taking that up another
$100 million. So think of just cash that could be used for internal investments and for cash deployment,
up $400 million this year, up $100 million next year and up $100 million in 2022.

We've talked about capital this year and next year are probably the highest capital spends. We're going
to have, think rough numbers, about $1.7 billion this year, though there is an appetite to spend more at
the business areas. But right now, we're forecasting $1.7 billion and probably $1.7 billion next year, which
gives us still very strong free cash flow going forward. We're committed to the dividend. There's absolutely
no question. That is our priority, and we don't see that changing in the future. Jim and I will go to the
Board to recommend a change to our dividend rate in the September time frame for the next 4 quarters.
Based on what we see today, it's -- for planning purposes, we should assume high single-digit increases. I
think for planning purposes, that's what we'll plan going out into the future.

I still think repos. Repos has a place for us. We've talked about the $1 billion this year. We've done about
$1.1 billion-ish through July. We're now going to pause at least in the near term. It makes sense for us
to do that based on this COVID environment. And just from a planning standpoint, we should assume $1
billion in 2021 and 2022. And think of that as to prevent dilution in our share count.

And as you mentioned, and Jim has talked about this, other investments we need to make, we have
the balance sheet to do that. We have the cash flow to do that. And you saw in the second quarter, we
did float $1.150 billion of debt. We did that opportunistically, got a great yield on that money. And we'll
continue looking at whether it makes sense for us to go into the debt market, whether it's for organic or
inorganic investments.

James D. Taiclet
President, CEO & Director

So Jon, this is Jim. Ken just gave you a great landscape picture of the whole -- the scenery here. And I
can add and pick up on one thing you did say about -- and maybe something you were looking for in your
question too is what would we do different potentially in the downturn on capital allocation. And just to
recap, the dividends there, it's going to be a growing dividend, in our view, at least, Ken and mine's. And
the Boards, I expect, would agree with us.

But in a downturn, in my historical recent experience and my philosophy here is that may be also
presenting an opportunity for us. If there is a downturn, we're going to look at the silver linings that may
be there and -- whether it's M&A and other investments. So if you add together the scale of Lockheed
Martin and the cash flow that comes from that, that Ken just defined, the backlog on top of it that extends
out into time and the balance sheet strength that we have, there could be opportunities for us to act in a
time period where asset prices are depressed for things that we may want to bring into the company or
JV with or whatever. And so that's just another way to picture it, is the strength and the breadth and the
foundation of this company could allow us as it did in my prior experience to get assets we really wanted
that might be even more available at attractive prices, which then drive the nice ROIC that you want and
the cash flow growth to come with it.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And next, we'll go to the line of Rich Safran with Seaport Global.

Richard Tobie Safran
Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division

So if you mentioned this in your opening remarks, I apologize I missed it. Hopefully, have a fiscal '21
budget in place by start of the fiscal year. But what I wanted to focus on was -- and what I wanted to ask
you was about the global settlement you've talked about. I'm sure you're aware that there's also been
chatter about additional stimulus funding. So what I was looking for is if there's any risk to your cash flows

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

and sales guide if there actually isn't a global settlement and/or stimulus funding. I'm just curious about
what assumptions are embedded in the new guide and what you're expecting from the settlement.

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I'll take that. So you're right. We have provided OSD, the Department of Defense, a ROM based on
what we see as impacts to Lockheed Martin and its supply chain that go out to September. We just had a
few internal conversations, and we're starting to have conversations with the customer. Probably makes
sense since that -- it's already stale. This is a fluid situation. Probably makes sense for us to update that
rough order of magnitude, and it may make sense for us to extend it beyond September. We'll go through
that with them.

Regarding what we're assuming from a sales and margin standpoint, what we're generally seeing, Rich,
is these impacts are out farther than we thought, say, 3 months ago, and probably more in the '21 time
period, maybe a little bit in the fourth quarter of this time period. So if there is not a deal, the grand deal,
I think the next course of action would be for us to go work individually with our respective customers
to negotiate on a case-by-case basis what the impacts are to us and what are not. The issue is going
to be the available funding for that. If there's not funding, these are all allowable costs. And then the
question becomes we put that into our forward pricing rates, and there might be some modest impacts
to a couple of our programs. But that would be probably more at the profit level, not at the top line. And
right now, we don't see that playing out as advertised. So it's fluid, and we're working through this with
our customers.

James D. Taiclet
President, CEO & Director

It seems like the summary is that the 2020 guidance is not greatly affected in either direction, whether
the stimulus goes through or not.

Operator

Our next question is from Cai von Rumohr with Cowen and Company.

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Yes. Jim, you come from a tech background. You talked about seeing opportunity to adopt some practices
from commercial technology at Lockheed Martin, potential for partnerships, a program, you mentioned
5G.mil. Could you expand a little bit in terms of how would you bring commercial technology into the
company and what would you expect to gain from it?

James D. Taiclet
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Cai. There's a number of approaches to this. Again, in my previous experience, we were embarking
on this for commercial 5G applications, which is Internet of Things at scale, including autonomous
land and air vehicles. So that's happening in the tech sector now. So there's a 5G standard to that.
There's computing which is storage and processing of data that's moving to the edge of the network in
intermediate places from data centers to the edge. And there's the autonomous vehicle infrastructure and
devices, we call them edge devices over in the tech side, that are being built. And you'd think of them as
the driverless car, et cetera, et cetera.

So all of those elements are being processed at pace -- it's going to take time, by the way, to do any of
this in the commercial space. And those practices can be brought over, I think, to the defense industrial
base, but only quickly if our customer comes along with us and changes some of the procurement
practices, how we can get paid for things. There's a licensing regime that you may be aware of in
the telecom space, particularly, that enables global standards to be built and then each participant or
competitor designs to that global standard. That's how you can get 2, 3, 4, 5G done in the space of 20
years when it takes that long to get one defense program done.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

So those are the kind of practice I think we can migrate over with some of those partners that are working
on these things on the commercial side. Now again, this is a long-cycle initiative as it is on the commercial
industry, too. It's going to require cooperation with our customer, and they're sort of authorizing us
to try some of these things because no one's going to take any risk on the defense industrial base by
implementing these technologies in a different way if they're not sure they're going to get paid for it.

So we've got a lot to do. But frankly, at American Tower, we endeavor to change an industry to go from
where transmission sites for telecom networks, where nonperforming cost centers inside of telephone
companies, and we converted them through commercial practices and basically sale-leaseback type of
approach. We turn those assets into performing assets for commercial companies like ours that we're able
to create value for shareholders over a long arc of time.

So this can be done, but it's going to take time. It's going to require, just like it required at American
Tower, the cooperation of our customers who are then the telephone companies to work with us and
engage in this. And the only reason they did was because they could deploy their networks faster, get
capital from us to do it and also to have a lower total cost of ownership for the site over time. And when
you multiply that by -- we have 180,000 sites back at my prior company, we basically helped change the
industry, not just in the U.S. but around the world. That's the kind of aspiration we have here at Lockheed
Martin, and we are in a position to do it. And I would argue a way better position than we ever were back
in the tower and digital infrastructure industry 15, 20 years ago.

So that's the aspiration. Cai, how to do it, we know. We've got a great example on commercial telephony
and technology and how they collaborate through standards bodies and other mechanisms and JVs and
alliances to get this done. And so those are the kind of practices we can bring over. It's not easy. It's not
going to happen in a hurry. But the benefit, again, Lockheed Martin has is the backlog is so strong on what
I call the product-centric way of doing defense industrial base business. That we've got time, and we can
perform as we try to also move the industry towards a network-centric way of doing business.

Operator

Next question is from Seth Seifman with JPMorgan.

Seth Michael Seifman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Ken, I wanted to just follow up quickly maybe on Rich's question about a settlement, and the industry has
been fairly vocal about this being important. You guys have mentioned that there's not very much impact
one way or the other on the guidance for 2020. So should we think about it then as -- if it is important
and it's not important for 2020, should we think about it as being something that's important for 2021?
And maybe if you could explain to us a little bit about the mechanics of when there is a settlement, sort
of what happens. Is that cash that the company has been missing out on this year that will come at some
point perhaps next year? How should we think about the mechanics of how that all runs through the P&L?

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So whether it hits this year next year or all year, Seth, it is important. It's important to the industry.
And it's not just Lockheed Martin. It would be across our entire supply base. And as I mentioned, this is
fluid. It's got a lot of moving parts. It probably -- just for our financials, it will hit modestly in the second
half of the year, but then probably hit more and ripple through the supply chain in the first half of 2021 is
our best assessment.

Mechanically, the way this could work if it was a big settlement, we still have to go through the details, but
I'm guessing that the expectation would be -- so pick the F-35 a brand settlement, I think the expectation
internally just from a program performance standpoint and at the customer level, they would want those
costs and those budgets, if you will, to flow into those respective programs. I'm going to speculate that
there probably would be some kind of clip level from a dollar threshold standpoint that we would utilize
with the customer set of what gets flowed to the programs. So there probably is a point where it's going to
be a diminishing return and costs more to implement that across programs than not.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

Assuming if there's not a grand deal, I think what you would see is each program would deal with a case-
by-case, and then mechanically, that's how that would happen, and it would be a sales impact, a cash
impact and an EBIT impact across each respective programs. But what you're talking about, ballpark,
whatever our number is, it's -- we're a $65 billion -- round up to $65 billion company. It's not going to be
that material to our bottom line, specifically if it's over a multitude of years. So we'll see, we'll see where
this goes. I think this has got to take some time to play out still.

Operator

Next, we'll go to Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.

Noah Poponak
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So you fielded a number of questions here on what your business could look like or your capital
deployment could look like in the hypothetical that's defense budget cost. And so I wanted to ask you
the question, do you think the defense budget will decline? And we all obviously can have a view on that
based on the inputs that are visible to us, but I'm assuming you all have more insight into the geopolitical
landscape and then maybe what both sides of the aisle are thinking right now in the committees but also
in the potential presidential platform. So maybe beyond just the standard world of dangerous place stuff,
what is your view on whether or not defense spending goes down? And if it were to actually grow, what
specifically could make that happen from here?

James D. Taiclet
President, CEO & Director

Noah, it's Jim. I try to not speculate on the behavior of people that are going to make independent
decisions that we can't predict. So we're just getting the company ready for either scenario, frankly. If
it's stable, slightly rising or moderately rising defense budget, we know how to handle that. But if it's
a declining defense budget, we're planning for that, too. So we can't predict one way or the other the
behavior of human beings, whether it's 6 months from now or whenever they're going to make these
kinds of decisions. But what we can do is prepare for both scenarios, and that's exactly what we're doing.

All of our BAs are looking at all their programs and saying, if -- and they're planning this under Ken's
guidance, if there's a downturn in defense, depending which I've asked every BA to look at and get back
into the integrated plan, if in that scenario, it's a red team kind of an exercise, what would we do? It's a
contingency plan that says, okay, we would offer it to our customers to say, look, if your budget is x minus
y, this is what we think you should do with our products and programs for extending lives and other things
like that. And with the backlog we have and the orders in track and the production lines that are going,
the supply chains that operate, it's going to be 2 to 3 years before those defense budget cuts actually flow
into the defense industrial base production lines. So we've got time to work with the customer to make
sure that they can have their contingency plan, and we're behind and we're working with them 100%.

Operator

Next, we'll go to Myles Walton with UBS.

Myles Alexander Walton
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Jim, curious, if you look at from an operating segment level, where do you think your leadership might
have the most impact from what you're bringing to the table, richer technology partnerships, lessons
learned, vertical integration from an M&A perspective? And how would that manifest? Would it be faster
growth? Better margins? Maybe just where you think you could have the bigger impact, maybe one level
down at the organization.

James D. Taiclet
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

So by operating segment, each of those businesses with the corporate support they've had, they're great
at what they do. I'm probably not going to make a better missile design than people at MFC can make. So
what I think might benefit or add -- value-added might be is cross-cutting those BAs in a way that hadn't
been done before here or anywhere else and then linking them with the customer to do what the customer
is literally asking us for, which is how do we connect equipment, systems, communication networks across
what they call domains. So how can I have satellite, get a signal from an F-35 that then goes back to a
ground-based missile defense system to hit an incoming threat to one of our installations.

That's what they really want. Not any single one of our business areas or any other companies, frankly,
I think could give them that solution. So we're working with our recently hired CTO who was previously
running DARPA to look horizontally across what are the missions that the DoD and our allies need to do
and what BAs -- in what BAs do we have the assets, resources and technical capabilities to provide them
that horizontal solution.

So our typical backlog, we're providing what I call vertical solutions. We're providing products, platform,
services, generally to one service, the F-35 is an exception, of course. But to one service, maybe just to
one country, but we're going to need to link across services better. We're going to need to link across our
allies better, and that's what this network solution is really about, in my mind. So that's where I think,
Myles, we can bring our tech world partners and U.S. and other allied countries, companies into this to
make us better horizontally. I'm not sure they can even make us all that better vertically all that often,
but horizontally, I think we can. And that's where you bring in the AI, the 5G, the distributed computing,
things like that.

Some of our vertical technologies like hypersonics, we're going to do just fine in that. Now we may buy
individual M&A opportunities or targets to be able to fill ourselves in or do more mission system work and
a technology like that. But I think it's more horizontal than vertical, Myles, just to answer it quickly.

Operator

Our next question is from Peter Arment with Baird.

Peter J. Arment
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Ken, I wanted to ask you a question on just the order environment. You had a really strong quarter. I
think Jim mentioned $22 billion in orders or 1.4 book-to-bill. But maybe you could just highlight some of
the international pursuits that are still in front of you and if you are seeing any kind of delays or chatter
because of COVID-19. And maybe just highlight what you expect to still come in this year in 2020.

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Executive VP & CFO

You bet. Thanks for the question. Yes, we still see some great opportunities out there, specifically
internationally. We're not seeing that much slip to the right. I'd say the only thing we may be seeing slip
to the right are the requests for proposal. Solicitations are moving to the right, but they're holding firm to
the end date.

But to answer your question, specifically, a couple of things that we have out there that are quite large are
we have an indefinite quantity, indefinite delivery, F-16 order coming. The marquee customer is Taiwan
and another country customer. That should get announced sometime in this quarter. Think of that as an
additional 90 aircraft for F-16, which we're quite pleased with. There is a C-130 Indonesia order that we're
also anticipating happens later this year. There is some follow-on work for the recently announced India
Navy MH-60R program that we got earlier. Those are the -- mainly the large ones.

We also have an Aegis Ashore Japan order that we're anticipating later this year. And then, of course,
there's a variety of F-35 production orders that we plan to book later this year that, rough number, is 40%
of those quantities will be of international nature.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

Going into next year we see -- we also continue to see some strong demand for specifically F-16, our
integrated air and missile defense. In parallel with our customer, we're pursuing a CH-53K order in
Germany. And in Israel, that should get -- we'll shape that this year and hopefully get that award in a
competition sometime next year. So there are a lot of international opportunities out there and really not
seeing a lot of slowdown in -- from an order book standpoint.

James D. Taiclet
President, CEO & Director

John, I think we have time for one more question.

Operator

And that will be from Rob Stallard with Vertical Research.

Robert Alan Stallard
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Batting cleanup here, I think, is the way you guys described it. I think just to follow up on what Noah
was asking about, not asking you to necessarily speculate on where the U.S. defense budget could go
to. But maybe to follow up on your introductory comments about the challenges in national security, are
these challenges around resources? Or is it around affording the capabilities the U.S. will need to address
national security threats going forward? I was wondering if you can elaborate a little bit more on that.

James D. Taiclet
President, CEO & Director

I would characterize the challenges or the pursuits that China and Russia are taking to regain status as
pure competitors to the United States in this field. And when you get into the depths of what's going
on, it's concerning from someone who's been in this space my whole career off and on. So that's the
real challenge is we've got a country that, in the form of China, which is getting very aggressive in their
actions, their attitudes and their aspirations, and they're investing in capabilities. Some of them are
symmetric and some of them are asymmetric to find our vulnerable spots in our traditional way of running
our defense operations and trying to get ahead of us in those especially vulnerable spots.

So there's going to be a lot of investment and a lot of technology investment to firm up those vulnerable
places in our defense posture. And that's what I would characterize as the big challenge.

And Russia, on the strategic side, whether it's hypersonic missiles or other fairly strategic threat-type
elements, is back in the game and investing, too. So they may not be the great land army they were in
the 1980s and threatening Europe in that way, but they've gone to a technological threat posture, which
allows them to do it from a greater distance with a much smaller military organization, if you will.

Greg Gardner
Vice President of Investor Relations

And John, we've just passed the hour, so I think I will turn it back over to Jim now for some final thoughts.

James D. Taiclet
President, CEO & Director

Sure. As I conclude the call today, I do want to thank the employees of Lockheed Martin for their
contributions and dedication during this time of global pandemic. They perform with excellence supporting
our customers in their important missions, and I'm extremely proud of them and to be part of the
Lockheed Martin team now with 110,000-plus other teammates.

So thank you again, everyone, on the call today for joining us. We look forward to speaking with you on
our next earnings call in October and have a great rest of the week.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You
may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

