Lockheed Martin Corporation NYSE:LMT
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, October 26, 2021 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

6.80

6.93

1.91

7.12

26.62

22.45

27.87

-

17119.58

16028.00

(6.38 %)

17885.33

68156.34

67000.00

69910.59

66000.00

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-26-2021 3:07 PM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

6.41

6.31

6.52

6.80

6.38

6.56

6.52

6.93

SURPRISE

(0.47 %)

3.96 %

0.00 %

1.91 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Greg Gardner
Vice President of Investor
Relations

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

John W. Mollard
Acting CFO, VP & Treasurer

ANALYSTS

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Douglas Stuart Harned
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

George D. Shapiro
Shapiro Research

Michael James Maugeri
Wolfe Research, LLC

Myles Alexander Walton
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Noah Poponak
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Peter John Skibitski
Alembic Global Advisors

Richard Tobie Safran
Seaport Research Partners

Robert Alan Stallard
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Ronald Jay Epstein
BofA Securities, Research Division

Sheila Karin Kahyaoglu
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome, everyone, to the Lockheed Martin Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Results
Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I
would like to turn the call over to Mr. Greg Gardner, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead,
sir.

Greg Gardner
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, John, and good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to our third quarter 2021 earnings
conference call. Joining me today on the call are James Taiclet, our Chairman, President and Chief
Executive Officer; and John Mollard, our acting Chief Financial Officer.

Statements made in today's call that are not historical fact are considered forward-looking statements
and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of federal securities law. Actual results may differ
materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release and
our SEC filings for a description of some of the factors that may cause actual results to differ materially
from those in the forward-looking statements.

We have posted charts on our website today that we plan to address during the call to supplement our
comments. These charts also include information regarding non-GAAP measures that may be used in
today's call. Please access our website at www.lockheedmartin.com and click on the Investor Relations link
to view and follow the charts. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today on our third quarter 2021
earnings call. In a few moments, John will provide a detailed review of our quarterly results, updated 2021
guidance and trending information for 2022. But first, I will provide a 5-year sales outlook and discuss our
plans for accelerating capabilities to our customers and driving per share value to our shareholders over
that time horizon.

Last month, I led our executive leadership team as we completed our annual strategic and financial
planning process. Given the scope of changes in our operating environment over the past year, we
conducted a more in-depth and extended assessment of our financial forecast. Based on these strategic
and financial reviews and the information available to us today, our current expectation is that sales in
2022 will decline slightly from our expected 2021 sales level.

We then anticipate sales will increase slightly in 2023 with steadily increasing sales growth through 2026.
This sales trajectory reflects a number of factors, including the continuing effects of the ongoing COVID
pandemic and extended delivery time lines across our supply chain, moderating growth rates in the U.S.
defense budget, shifts in customer priorities driven by recent events such as the withdrawal of U.S. forces
from Afghanistan and the renationalization of the AWE program in the U.K. and our recently completed
agreement with the F-35 joint program office on a rebaselining of aircraft deliveries under our production
program. I'll address this significant agreement a little later in my remarks.

As with all forward projections, our performance on current programs, our ability to win highly competitive
new starts, the size of future defense budgets and the global geopolitical landscape will all influence our
ultimate growth rate over the coming 5 years. But as we look ahead, there are 4 primary areas that
underpin our longer-term growth forecast. The first of these future growth areas is within our hypersonics
portfolio.

We are currently performing on 6 hypersonic programs across the company and following the successful
completion of ongoing testing and evaluation activity, multiple programs are expected to enter production

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

between 2023 and 2026. The second growth area is within our classified activity. 3 of our 4 business areas
are engaged in significant classified development programs and pending successful achievement of the
objectives within those programs, we expect to begin the transition from development to production again
between 23 and 26.

The third area of expected growth lies in our current programs of record. Our portfolio is very well aligned
with our customers' mission requirements. And as a result, we have multiple programs from each business
area entering growth stages. This includes the CH-53K heavy lift helicopter, F-35 sustainment activity,
increased PAC-3 production rates and the modernization and enhancements to the fleet ballistic missile.

And finally, we're in competition for several significant new business awards, including the future vertical
lift and FARA competitions, the next-generation interceptor program, and the KC-Y Tanker program. These
represent meaningful opportunities to accelerate our projected top line growth profile with new long-term
projects that are critical to our national defense.

Now I'd like to discuss our strategy for driving strong returns for our shareholders in the near term while
remaining well positioned for our expected return to growth in 2023. The central tenet of our value
creation strategy is using a disciplined and dynamic capital allocation process. We will first reinvest capital
into our business to meet our customers' requirements and drive organic growth.

Concurrently, we will continue pursuing actionable inorganic growth opportunities that strengthen our
core business. And we will return cash to shareholders through increasing dividend payments and a
significantly expanded share repurchase program.

To drive sustainable organic growth, we will continue making significant investments in our business area.
These investments include nearly $2 billion of annual capital expenditures and approximately $1.5 billion
in independent research and development spending each year. These investments are being made in our
signature platforms and systems to provide our customers with the high-value solutions they're going
to need to execute their missions of deterring if necessary, to feeding the pacing threats across all the
domains of operations.

Additionally, we are transforming our internal operations with a model-based engineering and enterprise
architecture and we are building digital factories of the future. These investments in state-of-the-art
engineering, manufacturing and sustainment tools and techniques will ensure our business areas can
continue delivering outstanding performance levels on current programs while also positioning us to
prevail in upcoming campaigns.

After making these significant investments in our business to support our customers and drive organic
growth, we expect to have substantial free cash flows available to return to you to shareholders through
dividends and share repurchases. Last month, the Board increased our quarterly dividend by $0.20
or approximately 8% to $2.80 per share and now $11.20 per share annually, providing shareholders,
especially our yield investors with strong returns. This action marks the 20th consecutive year that the
Board has increased Lockheed Martin's quarterly dividend.

Along with making an increased quarterly dividend payment, we will also provide additional value to
shareholders by returning excess cash to them through a greatly expanded share repurchase program. As
discussed in today's press release, we've already repurchased $2 billion of our shares through the first 3
quarters of 2021.

And last month, on my recommendation, the Board increased our remaining share repurchase authority by
$5 billion, bringing our current total share repurchase authority to approximately $6 billion. With our stock
trading at the level well below what we calculate as the company's intrinsic value, we have significantly
increased our planned share buybacks, and I anticipate that we will repurchase up to $6 billion of our
shares over the next 12 to 18 months if conditions warrant.

As a final note on shareholder value, we are going to dynamically allocate capital to the highest return
opportunities, prioritizing investments that lead to growing free cash flow per share. That's our new
metric. We will remain opportunistic in pursuing accretive bolt-on acquisitions, evaluate additional

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

increases to our current share repurchase authorization and continue to reinvest capital into our business
to drive long-term growth.

We have the balance sheet flexibility and firepower to pursue multiple avenues of growth while returning
significant capital to our shareholders. We built this balance sheet to use it, and we will do so, consistent
with our focus on long-term shareholder value creation. Our strong balance sheet provides us with the
capability to close on the Aerojet Rocketdyne transaction, provide robust returns to shareholders and
continue to invest in our portfolio to support our customers and drive future growth.

The Aerojet Rocketdyne transaction continues moving through the regulatory approval process and we
now anticipate closing in the first quarter of 2022. Before I turn the call over to John, I'd like to highlight
the efforts of the entire F-35 organization, including the government's joint program office, our teammates
and suppliers, our aeronautics organization and our international partners for establishing a new aircraft
production baseline and delivery profile that will provide industry, government, partner countries and FMS
customers as well as you, the investor community with important visibility well into the future.

The program is strong and stable, and we have opportunities ahead of us to add to that strength. The
program has delivered over 700 production aircraft out of a plan of record of over 3,300 jets, including to
all 3 U.S. services and 9 international customers so far, and we look forward to continuing the successful
program for decades to come. With that, I'll turn the call over to John and I'll rejoin you to answer your
questions.

John W. Mollard
Acting CFO, VP & Treasurer

Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. As I highlight our results, please follow along with the web
charts we have included with our earnings release today. Let's begin with Chart 3 and an overview of
third quarter activity. Starting with sales, we reported revenue of $16 billion. This result was below our
expectation as we realized larger-than-anticipated supply chain impacts across Aeronautics, Missiles
and Fire Control and Space. These impacts span multiple suppliers, and our expectation is that we will
incrementally recover from these disruptions over the next 12 to 18 months.

Despite this reduction in sales volume, our segment operating profit increased year-over-year to $1.9
billion on strong operational performance across the enterprise. Our earnings per share of $2.21 included
a noncash charge of $4.72 related to our previously announced pension transaction. We generated $1.9
billion in cash from operations and continued our practice of accelerating payments to our supply chain
with $1.5 billion in accelerated payments at quarter end.

The supply chain disruptions we experienced during the third quarter underscore the fact that many of our
suppliers are still dealing with the financial stress caused by the global pandemic. In addition, we continue
to return substantial amounts of capital to our shareholders through both dividend payments and share
repurchase activity. And we have provided trending data for 2022, which we will discuss further in a few
minutes.

Turning to Chart 4, we compare our sales and segment operating profit this year with last year's results.
As we noted in our earnings release, our third quarter sales are below 2020 levels, primarily because of
the renationalization of the Atomic Weapons Establishment program in our space business area. Our third
quarter sales also reflect recent supply chain delays, most notably on the F-35 production activity and on
several production programs within both Missiles and Fire Control and Space.

Despite this reduction in sales volume, our third quarter segment operating profit is up from last year as
strong operational performance resulted in significant risk retirements across all 4 business areas.

Chart 5 shows our earnings per share for the quarter. Our earnings per share of $2.21 incorporates a
$4.72 noncash charge associated with the $4.9 billion pension liability transfer we completed back in
August. On an adjusted basis, our pre-transaction earnings per share of $6.93 and was 11% higher than
our 2020 results due to improved segment operating margins, reduced share count and another quarter of
mark-to-market gains across our Lockheed Martin Ventures portfolio.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

While future volatility associated with investments in early-stage companies as expected, the significant
gains realized across multiple holdings in our ventures portfolio, reinforce the value of investing in and
partnering with companies focused on cutting-edge technologies.

On Chart 6, we will look at our year-to-date cash generation and deployment. Subtracting our capital
expenditures from almost $5 billion of cash from operations, our year-to-date free cash flow is greater
than $4 billion. We've repurchased $2 billion of shares year-to-date, including $500 million during the third
quarter and have made more than $2 billion in dividend payments. In total, our balanced cash deployment
of nearly $4.2 billion represents over 100% of free cash flow returned to our shareholders year-to-date.
And we will continue these shareholder-friendly actions going forward as evidenced by our recent dividend
increase and share repurchase program announcements.

Moving on to Chart 7 and our 2021 guidance update. We've lowered our 2021 outlook for sales and
segment operating profit to reflect the previously discussed supply chain impacts that emerged in August
and September. We've reduced our outlook for cash from operations primarily to reflect our updated
plan to maintain our current $1.5 billion level of accelerated payments to our supply chain. We plan to
continue supporting our suppliers as they recover from pandemic-related impacts, especially small and
medium businesses, both across the country and internationally, to help maintain program schedules and
customer missions. The full year outlook for earnings per share has increased $0.35 from the midpoint of
last quarter's range driven by Lockheed Martin Ventures investment gains in several nonoperational items.

Now turning to Chart 8. We take a closer look at the current year revisions to 2021 sales by business
area. As discussed, Aeronautics, Missiles and Fire Control and Space have all been affected by lower-than-
anticipated activity coming through our supply chain. The level of reduction in supply chain activity over
the past 2 months is higher than what we've been experiencing since the beginning of the pandemic,
and our 2021 sales outlook assumes that we will see a return to more normal activity levels in the fourth
quarter. In addition, our sales outlook for 2021 and our trending information for 2022 excludes any
potential impacts associated with the recent executive order on safety protocols for federal contractors.

On Chart 9, we see segment operating profit tracking with the reduction in expected sales volume and our
expected segment operating margin outlook remains at 11%. On Chart 10, we take a closer look at our
initial trending information for 2022. We've estimated 2022 sales at approximately $66 billion, a decline of
1.5% from our projected 2021 results. As a reminder, the renationalization of our work in support of the
United Kingdom's Atomic Weapons Establishment earlier this year creates a headwind of just under $900
million on a year-over-year basis.

We are expecting segment operating margins to remain at approximately 11%, and we are projecting
growth in cash from operations year-over-year to greater than or equal to $8.4 billion. This outlook
assumes there will be no increase in tax payments related to capitalizing R&D costs. If current legislation
is not amended, our cash from operations outlook could be reduced by up to $2 billion.

Also, given we continue experiencing impacts across our supply chain, we now anticipate maintaining
accelerated payments at the current $1.5 billion level through year-end 2022. Our prior multiyear cash
forecast assume there would no longer be a need to accelerate payments to our supply chain beyond
2021. We are currently assuming a statutory corporate tax rate of 21% and we have not included any
financial projections associated with closing the Aerojet Rocketdyne acquisition, which, as Jim mentioned,
is now expected to occur during the first quarter of 2022, subject to required regulatory approval.

Turning to pension-related assumptions. Interest rates have increased since year-end 2020. Our year-to-
date actual returns have been higher than previously expected and we've lowered our long-term rate of
return to 6.5%. And in response to investors asking for additional information on pension trends, we have
included 2 charts on this topic in the appendix. These trends include no required pension contributions
through 2025 based on current assumptions.

On Chart 11, we outlined our expected capital deployment activities for 2022. We anticipate spending
approximately $2 billion on capital projects next year, which represents an increase of approximately
$300 million over expected 2021 levels. In addition, we anticipate investing approximately $1.5 billion on
independent research and development activities, which represents a $200 million increase over planned

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

2021 levels. These investments are being made to enhance our delivery of critical systems and products
to our customers as they execute their national security missions while ensuring we are well positioned to
compete for new business opportunities.

We will be making over $3 billion in dividend payments next year based on a recently announced $0.20
per share increase to our quarterly dividend rate. And as Jim shared earlier, we will also continue to
strategically buy back shares when we believe they are trading below intrinsic value as they are now. We
are planning to opportunistically repurchase up to $6 billion in shares over the next 12 to 18 months. We
are confident we have the balance sheet flexibility and firepower to pursue all avenues of growth while
returning significant capital to our shareholders.

On Chart 12, we provide some additional detail on our expected long-term trajectory for F-35 sales. As
Jim commented earlier, we recently reached agreement with the joint program office on our expected F-35
delivery plan. This joint plan represents the best intersection of production operations and supply chain
capabilities, technology insertion in support of increasing mission requirements and both the timing and
quantity of anticipated new production aircraft award decisions. We are very pleased with the outcome
of this joint production replan as it provides stability and predictability across all key elements of this
program.

Deliveries are expected to grow to 156 aircraft by 2023 and will remain at that level for the foreseeable
future. We are projecting F-35 production sales in 2022 will be lower than 2021 levels and sales will also
decline slightly in 2023. Revenues are expected to remain around 2023 levels throughout the balance of
the forecasted time frame. As we've previously discussed, the growth in F-35 sales volume will primarily
be driven by sustainment activity as the number of deployed aircraft and associated flight hours grows
rapidly while we continue to aggressively pursue cost takeout in partnership with our customer. Finally,
we are also projecting modest growth in development activity as our customers continue seeking further
advancements and capabilities for our unrivaled 5th generation aircraft.
To conclude, on Chart 14, we have our summary. We've reduced our 2021 outlook based on the higher-
than-expected supply chain impacts we experienced during the third quarter. The supply chain and related
production impacts, along with our updated F-35 production plan and the other factors Jim mentioned,
have shaped our outlook for 2022 and our future expectations. Our strong balance sheet and cash
generation give us multiple options to deploy cash. And to echo Jim, we will prioritize investments, which
will grow free cash flow per share. And with our broad portfolio, dedicated employees, strong balance
sheet and a disciplined and dynamic capital allocation strategy, we remain focused on our customers'
mission and long-term value creation for our shareholders. With that, John, we're ready to begin the Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And first, from the line of Rich Safran with Seaport Global Securities.

Richard Tobie Safran
Seaport Research Partners

Jim, John, Greg. I have a 2-part question here on your 2022 guide, your long-term cash flow guide and
some of your opening remarks. What's the baseline budget that you're assuming in your guide? And
specifically, if the plus ups to the President's request from HaaS and SaaS were included, did that imply
some upside to your '22 guide? Or is it just too late for fiscal '22 funding to have an impact?

And the second part to my question is, so you lowered your cash from operations guide for '22. I want to
know if you could discuss a bit more about what you think cash flow looks like beyond '22 and what you're
assuming along with that.

John W. Mollard
Acting CFO, VP & Treasurer

Yes. Thanks, Rich. It's John. I'll take both parts of that 2-part question. So first, in regards to the
assumptions in and around the budgetary based on, we're using the President's budget of $715 billion for
the government fiscal year 2022 in the trending information we've given you. I'd say we're encouraged
about the direction of the various committee markups as they reflect really good support for a number of
our programs.

And to your question about how much -- if any of this will come through in 2022, the answer to that
question is going to be based on how much incremental funding is actually appropriated, how long it takes
for that appropriated funding to end up getting on contract with us and us flowing that down to our supply
chain. And then the third factor is what specific programs the incremental appropriations are applied to.
It's easier, obviously, to maintain programs at current run rates than it is to accelerate program.

So any programs that we're planning sort of a trend down would be really good candidates for being able
to see opportunities in 2022 related to increased appropriations. And I'll kind of finish this section by
saying obviously, by the time we're in January, when we've given you an updated outlook for 2022, we
should have a lot more clarity in and around the budgetary trends.

Now turning to your -- the second part, which I had to do with -- we've previously given multiyear cash
-- operating cash flow guidance. And of course, all these metrics are going to be assuming the R&D tax
change does not go into effect. Our prior guidance was like $8.9 billion, $9 billion and $9.1 billion. You've
seen we've got our guidance now at $8.3 billion for this year and $8.4 billion for next year. And I'll say we
anticipate higher than $8.4 billion operating cash flow guidance as we look ahead to 2023. But really, the
only factor that's changed since the multiyear guidance we gave before is in the level and the duration of
the accelerated payments we're planning to make to our supply chain.

I think I mentioned in the script, we have previously in that $8.9 billion, $9 billion and $9.1 billion track
assume we would be accelerating $1.2 billion worth of accelerated -- of payments to the supply chain
at year-end -- at the end of this year. But then the assumption was the pandemic would be behind us in
2022. We'd unwind that program. We'd end 2022 with no accelerated payments being made through our
supply chain. Our current forecast, the $8.3 billion and $8.4 billion assumes $1.5 billion of accelerated
payments at the end of this year and $1.5 billion of accelerated payments at the end of 2022. So if the
pandemic impacts are behind us before we end year-end 2022, our guide of $8.4 billion would increase by
that $1.5 billion.

Operator

Our next question is from Rob Stallard with Vertical Research.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Robert Alan Stallard
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Jim, just a quick question and clarification on your 5-year sales outlook. Did you say you expected
sales growth to accelerate after 2023? And then secondly, as a question, what are your expectations for
operating margins over this period?

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

I'll speak to growth, Rob and make a point on operating margin that John can pick up on. So yes, based
on hypersonics classified programs, programs of record like CH-53K and others we do believe that we'll
have a rebound to meaningful growth in 2023 and beyond. But again, that's also dependent on a number
of factors, including the budget, et cetera, that we've just talked about. So yes, that is the idea. And
frankly, we want to use this year or 2 period to accelerate share of purchase, reduce the count. So when
that inflection point does come on growth, you will have as shareholders, I think basically an amplified
benefit during that latter period, if you will. So we fully expect that with margins being pretty steady along
the way, right, John?

John W. Mollard
Acting CFO, VP & Treasurer

Yes, absolutely. So Rob, I mean just to kind of footstop what Jim was saying to give a little color. The 4
categories that Jim mentioned in his scripted remarks, hypersonics classified growth and programs of
record and competitive new starts. When I look at that subset of revenue for those 4 categories in 2021 is
sort of in the neighborhood of $17 billion. Over the period going out through, for the next 5 years, that set
of activity, assuming we hit our operational marks, assuming these programs continue on their programs
of record, and we win our share of these competitive new business opportunities that we've talked about.
That $17 billion worth of program revenue today will grow at about a 9% compound annual growth rate,
which gives me some level of comfort that the longer-term trends that Jim has talked about will hold.

Just to reiterate, we're expecting a slight decline in '22, a bounce back in 2023. And then I would say,
increasing growth and increasing growth rates going forward. Now -- yes, on the topic of margins, I
think 11% is a good working target for us given the evolution in our portfolio and the activity that we see
going forward. I just highlighted the 4 categories that we'll be seeing growth. A lot of those are new start
programs. There is going to be some growth in programs of record, which we would hope to turn into
accretive margin programs. But there is a lot of growth in new start areas, developmental areas.

The good news is we will get -- there will be cost reimbursable contracts. We'll have assurance of recovery
of the costs we're incurring, but they, by definition, will be lower margin activities moving forward. And
I should mention, and this is just to get this on the record early, there are certain classified activities
that we can't talk about. But if those programs continue to progress along the track that they're on. My
expectation is we will be making investments in some of those programs out in the '23, '24, '25 time
frame that will be dilutive to margins. But I think in balance, an 11% operating margin is a good metric for
us.

Operator

Our next question is from Mike Maugeri with Wolfe Research.

Michael James Maugeri
Wolfe Research, LLC

So following on Rob's question, and you gave us the 4 priorities to underpin the growth forecast. But Jim
or John, can you get more specific and sort of quantify these buckets, how they translate to revenue and
feather into your outlook beyond '22 for a return to growth? And then separately, what headwinds are you
anticipating to offset these growth buckets?

John W. Mollard
Acting CFO, VP & Treasurer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Yes, sure, Mike. It's John. I'll take and I'll talk thematically first through the 4 buckets and growth over
time. And then maybe now as good a time as any to talk specifically about sort of what we're seeing
moving from '21 to '22 and the headwinds. But the 4 big buckets, the first one is hypersonic activity.
Today, we're doing about $1.5 billion worth of revenue in that area. If we are able to move a number
of those activities into a -- from development into production, which we fully expect will happen. We're
making great progress on a number of them that are visible and are being reported on today.

But our projection would be assuming a number of those activities proceed into a production environment
that $1.5 billion to grow as high as $3 billion by 2026. The second area classified in -- I'll say upfront, we
hesitated even highlighting this given there's not a lot that we can say in general about classified activity.
But because it is a large and growing component of our business, we thought it was important to at least
give you a top-level trend information. And because like I said, we will be making investments in some of
this activity downstream, which will have dilutive impacts, thought it was a good idea to talk about.

But in aggregate, our classified portfolio will grow, we expect at a rate above 5%. So that is a strong
growing area for us. The programs of record, which, as Jim took through some of the big ones he
mentioned would be CH-53K, F-35 sustainment, the PAC-3 program and an additional growth in the fleet
ballistic missile and evolutions and new advances in that program. That portfolio today is worth about $8.5
billion. When we project out to 2026, over that period of time, the compound annual growth rate in that
program set is like an 8%. And it's highlighted by CH-53K, where we will be delivering out to a program of
record of 200 units. I think the final deliveries are made in 2032.

But just keeping that program on its program of record will go a long way towards us achieving that
growth in the program of record and CAGR that I just talked about. And then the final area is the new
business which are a set of sort of wildcards, you're going to get binary decisions in and around the
FLRAA competition or the FARA competition. One of the new business areas that Jim talked about is next-
generation interceptor. We've successfully moved into a down select where there's ourselves and one other
competitor. We're making great progress. We've achieved a number of important program milestones
recently. We feel good about where we're heading.

But that will be a down select and then sort of the wildcard in the bunch and opportunity we're very
excited about is the KC-Y tanker program, where we've announced that we will be teaming with Airbus,
who we think has a very capable frame for doing this mission. I think we bring extensive experience in the
mission capabilities that would go on to that airframe. I think we make a very formidable team. We're very
excited about that opportunity.

And depending on outcomes, I mean, obviously, as we're doing next to nothing in either -- any of those
programs besides the next-generation interceptor, that growth rate could be explosive. If we prevail on
FLRAA and FARA, which we think we're very well positioned to do, if we're down selected on NGI and
tanker program is awarded to us, there will be substantial growth in that bucket. And the headwinds, I
guess, like I said, now let's tactically kind of walk through the 2021 outlook of roughly $67 billion and how
that translates as we look ahead to 2022.

Obviously, you look at the map, and we're down about $1 billion. The obvious large year-to-year headwind
is related to the AWE renationalization, which I believe either Jim or I talked about in our script as being
a headwind of just under $900 million. The second headwind you'll see on our F-35 revenue chart, we're
projecting a decrease in F-35 production-related revenue of about $400 million moving from '21 to '22.

And then we have 2 programs that are sort of in their natural life cycle evolution, very successful
programs, but they've delivered out, and that's the Black Hawk helicopter program. And by delivered out,
I mean moving down from the peak. The number of helicopters we're going to deliver this year will be cut
in half by the time we're 2 years out. And then our highly successful next-generation OPIR program. Both
of those programs moving from '21 to '22, if you combine the downtick in revenue, it aggregates to about
$600 million.

And then one of the other external factors was the recently announced and executed withdrawal of the
U.S. military presence in Afghanistan. The primary impact to us is in a contract -- special ops logistics
support program. We had some other Afghan drawdown related impacts. In total, it's about a $200 million

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

year-over-year headwind. But now as I pivot to the plus side, one of the programs that's ramping up
year-over-year is one of those in the, I'd call it, competitive category that we talked about. It's the next-
generation interceptor, where we're doing about $200 million in revenue in 2021. We expect to do about
$600 million of revenue in 2022.

We have a lot of growth, as we mentioned, within our classified activity. A lot of that activity is being done
in our Skunk Works organization within Aeronautics. That work is going to be growing about $400 million
year-over-year. And the final large program of record growth is in the CH-53K heavy lift where we'd expect
to see $300 million year-over-year growth. So on balance, it's down. The headwind is removal of the AWE
activity we were doing.

Operator

Our next question is from George Shapiro with Shapiro Research.

George D. Shapiro
Shapiro Research

Yes. Just to follow up on your comments on the sectors. First, AWE, a $900 million hit. I thought that
program had been running more like $300 million or $350 million a quarter. And obviously, it's really only
the first half that overlaps for '21 to '22. So if you comment on that. And then if you looked at each of the
sectors there, I would think that the aeronautics would be down maybe $1 billion, $1.5 billion, but you get
some growth in RMS, you get some growth in space ex the AWE. So if you could just kind of comment on
that status.

John W. Mollard
Acting CFO, VP & Treasurer

Yes. Sure, George. So if you go back to like our first and second quarter press releases, and we probably
have it in the year-to-date, AWE first quarter activity this year was $440 million. AWE activity in the
second quarter was $435 million. You sum those 2, you get the $875 million level of activity we saw
probably higher than what you might have remembered because you had a lot of wrap-up associated
activity that took place, but it was $875 million in 2021 that won't recur.

And maybe what I'll do is do a high level sort of around the horn of how those -- the headwinds and
tailwinds play out by segment. I mean, the first segment we talked about is Aeronautics. As we look ahead
to '22, we're expecting low single-digit growth rates in Aeronautics with a slight increase in margins think
of it in the 10, 20 basis point range.

Within Missiles and Fire Control, we're actually expecting a slight decline, although -- think of it as a low
single-digit decline with margins slightly lower than 2021 levels at, again, 10 to 20 basis points. If you
go to RMS, we're expecting a low single-digit decline as well with margins maybe up to 40 basis points
below what we're going to end up with in 2021. And then finally, at Space, we're expecting mid-single-
digit declines. Obviously, that's where the AWE reduction takes place with margins kind of comparable to
what we're expecting for 2021.

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. And George, it's Jim. Just to give you a little more color on just pick on RMS, right? So John already
mentioned the Black Hawk is going to be down next year year-to-year and the CH-53K is up, they actually
offset each other, okay? So in 2022, it's kind of a watch between, let's call it, those 2 programs. And then
similarly, we get combat rescue helicopter upside, maybe $100 million, but probably VH will -- the plan is
VH-92A production down about $100 million to $150 million and they offset.

You might remember that we were part of the Australian Future conventional sub program. Well, that's
gotten deferred into nuclear submarine propulsion option. And we're going to compete for that, but it's
going to be a while before that kicks in. So there's another $150 million. So there are puts and takes in
every BA, if you will, and it's part of, again, new administration, some changes in priorities, changes in
alliances, I think they all settle out to the good, but it's going to take a couple of years to get through all
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

that kind of maneuvering and we're going to do the best we can in the next couple of years to make sure
that if there's a flattish period for our company as far as revenue, we're going to really double down or
triple down on returning cash to shareholders because we've got it.

And the other thing I'd say, George, real quick to add on to something that John said earlier, we are
voluntarily continuing our acceleration of payments to supply chain. This is something for the good of
the industry, for the good of the customer. And we want to contribute as all of us in our own ways in this
country to recovering from COVID. And again when -- as John said, when COVID subsides, we will get that
cash flow number back to where you thought it was going to be in the first place. So just a couple of color
commentaries on there because I think you guys are asking some really good questions.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global.

Peter John Skibitski
Alembic Global Advisors

Guys, can you give us greater insight into the supply chain? Because it seems like in a period here where
cash flow terms are unusually generous. So it's hard to understand why they'd be in such financial strain.
Is it all related to things like just labor availability or COVID mandates or semiconductor shortages. Can
you give us greater insight as to why the supply chain is in such dire straits, given the cash flow terms
that they've been operating under?

John W. Mollard
Acting CFO, VP & Treasurer

Yes. Pete, good question. And I think a large part of the impact that our supply chain is facing are in our
suppliers that are dual use. I mean they're supplying to both commercial aerospace and defense. So if
we're looking at parts of the supply chain that are strictly defense, they're probably not nearly as stressed
financially as our dual-use suppliers, people that are -- they'll make landing gear for us and they'll make
landing gear for commercial aircraft, they make brakes. And -- those are the suppliers that have fixed
operating costs that have seen substantial revenue decreases on the commercial supply side that have
really cut into their operating cash flow.

And we think -- It's the right thing to do. We have access to capital. We have access to cash at extremely
good rates. We generate a lot of cash flow. It's -- and as Jim said, it's in the industry's interest, it's in our
customers' interest. And frankly, there is an element of self-preservation here. We need our supply chain
to be successful for us to be successful. So while it's voluntary, it's not 100% altruistic. I mean we need to
make commitments, we need, especially our dual-use vendors and partners or supply chain partners to be
successful for the long term.

Operator

And next, we'll go to Ron Epstein with Bank of America Securities.

Ronald Jay Epstein
BofA Securities, Research Division

Maybe if we could just back up the aperture a little bit. Jim, when you first came on Board, you talked
a lot about a focus on the 21st century warfighter, war fighting connectivity, that sort of thing. Then we
shifted a little bit maybe with the acquisition of Rocketdyne. And now here we are, it seems like the story
has now shifted to this cash return story with no growth.

And I think what's on a lot of people's minds is ultimately -- what is the strategy? I mean where are you
taking the company? And what's the vision here? Because it really seems -- and I know this may be --
might sound unfair, but it seems a little bit rudderless right now, at least from an outsider's perspective. If
you could give us some color on that.

James D. Taiclet

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Well, when you're running a business, Ron, in a dynamic industry with changing government when
the government is a major customer, you've got to be agile, right? Now the first thing you mentioned is
the long-term strategy of the company. We're going to deliver on our programs and record. We're going
to drive operational excellence, but we're driving it towards a mission-oriented paradigm at the end of
the day at Lockheed Martin versus a product paradigm, which we've been operating under since at least
before World War 2.

So that paradigm is still there. We're working towards it. In the meantime, we got to deliver for you all
as the shareholders financially, and we've got to deliver for our customers operationally. But I'm getting
-- I'd like to think tremendous traction with senior government officials in the U.S. and elsewhere that
understand that while our industry and their purchase of our products and services over the years has
been effective. It's largely effective in the physical world, if you will, in the Newtonian world.

We're really good at technologies like hypersonics, space travel, precision weapons, et cetera. Those are
in the Newtonian world. We're really good at that as an industry and our customer knows how to buy
that stuff. We're not as good as we need to be in the defense industry is merging that excellence in the
physical world that we can bring to National Defense, but merging that with the developments -- the
accelerated developments in the digital world, by companies that have specialized in things like 5G and
AI and distributed computing and networking because if we merge those 2 things together and the ways
that we're forecasting and we're building technology road maps to do, we will increase the effectiveness
of our current set of platforms in a faster and more robust way than can be done just using the physical
attributes in the physical world technologies.

We're going to keep doing all that, but we can actually turn on an afterburner for mission capability for our
customers by accelerating those digital technologies into our space, and that is our strategy. The benefit
of that is, in addition to having a more effective national defense at a relatively efficient cost is that it will
make our platforms more attractive than relative to other OEMs platforms because we intend to build the
architecture first with pathfinders with some of our platforms and bringing others as we get some success.
So that is the strategy of the company. It has not changed in iota, but our capital allocation strategies
have not changed because of dynamic situation that we find ourselves in externally.

And our M&A approach had to evolve because there's not that much supply out there in our industry as
far as acquisition candidates of any scale and the regulatory environment is also shifting a bit. So we're
shifting with it, and we're saying, okay, we still got our baseline strategy, 21st Century Warfare is where
we need to end up down the road with our customer. We wanted to get there partly through acquisition,
like Aerojet Rocketdyne and i3 to get the technologies mainly in the physical world that we need to
move those things forward. But the M&A window isn't that open right now for valuation, availability and
regulatory regime.

So we're just being and doing the things that you have to do when you're running an actual business
in the real world, which is being agile. The one thing I want to add to that because there may be
some misconception about, Ron, thank you for the question, by the way, it opens up. I want to make
absolutely clear that our M&A approach does not and has not included the acquisition of major commercial
technology or telecom companies. We're not trying to become that. We want to use their IP, their people
to accelerate that kind of technology, that digital technology into our world.

So our approach is to partner with industry leaders in those spaces via commercial agreements, licensing,
joint teaming and participation in standards bodies to accelerate those capabilities into our technology
road maps. We have no intention of acquiring and merging with any of those major commercial sector
companies. So yes, you got to be dynamic and agile when you run a business this big in the real world,
and that's what we're up to, and we still have our target being the pathfinder towards 21st Century
National Defense.

John W. Mollard
Acting CFO, VP & Treasurer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

And Ron, this is John. Just to pile on to what Jim said. He's done a very good job of articulating the
strategy from an external perspective. But as a guy that's been with this company for over 30 years, what
I most see and resonate with is how Jim is actively changing the culture across Lockheed Martin internally
to embrace any kind of innovative technology despite where they come from. We've got a lot of really
bright creative scientists and engineers, but we don't have to invent the solution to every single problem.
And historically, we struggled with some level of not invented here, which is probably may come as no
surprise to some of you.

So what Jim has been stressing and our team is getting is we need to identify and partner with whoever
does have the best solution in an industry agnostic manner. And I think we're doing a pretty good
job of that in our Ventures investment fund where we're going to startups and seeing the art of the
possible, we're starting to get pull demand from the business areas for some of these technologies,
which I personally view is a huge step in the right direction. And he's driving that mindset, the openness
to technology across the entire R&D and engineering community. So I haven't seen a change, and I
appreciate the direction from an internal perspective.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And next, we will go to the line of Myles Walton with UBS.

Myles Alexander Walton
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I think certainly, the markets -- looking at the '22 cash guide in particular. And John, I just want to clarify
something. So the $1.5 billion of supplier advances that you mentioned you hadn't planned on -- Are
those net from -- in other words, are you suggesting that the prior guidance included 0 now it's $1.5
billion. And so pro forma of the prior -- the move from the prior guidance is operationally towards $9.9
billion?

John W. Mollard
Acting CFO, VP & Treasurer

Correct, correct. Yes...

Myles Alexander Walton
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So then it's '23 $9.9 billion?

John W. Mollard
Acting CFO, VP & Treasurer

So let me make sure we're track. And the prior guide was $8.9 billion and $9 billion. Today we're doing
$8.3 billion and $8.4 billion. And in that $8.4 billion is a $1.5 billion that was not there. So we're up $300
million. I'm telling you today, our $8.4 billion is going to be higher -- will be higher than $8.4 billion in
2023. We -- depending on how much we still have to accelerate in 2023, that number can be anywhere
from $1 billion higher to $100 million higher or $200 million higher. So the punchline is, if you think about
the 2 years '22 -- '21 and '22 were ahead, depending on the outcome of where COVID is in either '22 or
'23 could be equal to or slightly behind the prior multiyear guidance, if that makes sense.

Myles Alexander Walton
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

It does. But I guess the other question is these are advances, they presumably rotate back to you. So
that's why I'm asking about '23 and beyond would be necessarily higher than...

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

So you don't get the full benefit of $1.5 billion because there's a rolling -- roll off, if you will, quarter-to-
quarter as you go through the year. So there's some subset of that, as John is saying, depending when the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

music stops, we'll be able to then elevate the cash flow we report because we didn't do a quarter or 2 of
the typical flow-throughs to the supply chain. That going to be the whole year.

John W. Mollard
Acting CFO, VP & Treasurer

Yes. So just to make sure we're on 100% the same baseline. The old guidance was $8.9 billion, $9 billion
and $9.1 billion. Today, let's just use as a baseline $8.3 billion, $8.4 billion and $8.5 billion, that's down
$1.8 billion. And if we're at $8.5 billion, we've got over $1 billion of assumed advances at the end of 2023.
So you could say notionally, where we're sitting here today, over the 3-year period, we're down $800
million, and some of that is driven by what I have now assumed in terms of we have an internal term.
It's funding that we -- or authorization spending we do in advance of contract turn ons based on history,
there is a high likelihood that some of these programs when they shift from development to production,
the customer funding profiles aren't going to align with need dates. We are anticipating that we will be
carrying a substantial amount of costs associated with that transition.

Operator

Our next question is from Cai von Rumohr with Cowen.

Cai von Rumohr
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Yes. So Jim, I'm a little confused with the kind of capital deployment you talk about spending an
incremental amount in terms of IR&D, you're going to increase the dividend. You have less CAS recovery.
You talk of $6.6 billion of stock repurchase. But if you do AJRD, you can't do any stock repurchase unless
you really balloon up the balance sheet. So what kind of a balance sheet, a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio are
you looking for over this period?

John W. Mollard
Acting CFO, VP & Treasurer

Cai, it's John. I'll take that. If you look at our operating cash flow and free cash flow, our net debt
retirements over the -- I'll stick to the first 3 years of the plan. Our excess cash balances would allow us
to do the $6 billion we're talking about and still have enough liquidity to run the business. So that's point
one. This $6 billion is just deploying what would otherwise have been set in my bank account earning 25
basis points. That's point one.

Point two, with AJRD, our original expectation was we would probably finance, call it, $3 billion of the
$4.5 billion and use cash for the other $1.5 billion. I'm leaning now towards, especially given how low
financing rates are maybe financing the entire acquisition. But kind of more broadly, the way I think about
acquisitions, and I know Jim and I are absolutely in a 100% violent agreement on this, if you can find M&A
that has the right operational fit, the right culture fit and the right strategic fit, M&A pays for itself.

I mean it's free, you have to finance them upfront. But if it's a good deal, you're going to get your money
back very quickly. So I view like Jim does M&A is not a drain on your balance sheet. Our balance sheet, as
you know, is single A. Our metrics would support a higher rating where A minus for the 2 to do, use the A
minus scale. Conversations I've been having was it's hard to justify why we're an A minus instead of a flat
-- The punchline is we've got a tremendous amount of firepower. If, as Jim talked about, the discipline and
dynamic capital allocation process says we need to put additional resources in here, there or wherever,
we're going to have the ability to do that.

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

And from a leverage perspective, Cai, we've got upside. I mean, we're -- we've got a strong balance
sheet. I really tried to emphasize in the prepared remarks that we see tremendous value and share
repurchase at these pricing levels. We will go to the capital markets to get the resources to make the
smartest capital allocation at that point in time and we'll manage the leverage as we go. And we can do it

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

all. Everything you said, we can do it all and maintain a reasonable leverage ratio, I believe, and a strong
credit rate. I also -- John also believes.

Operator

Our next question is from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.

Noah Poponak
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I guess I'm still trying to better understand how much of the growth projection shortfall versus what the
market was looking for is end market versus Lockheed programs. And I know, Jim, you kind of talked
about there being multiple puts and takes. But ex AWE, I guess, you're saying a few years of flat revenue
to up low single-digit growth. What do you assume -- are you assuming that's what outlays are doing,
putting the '22 authorization specifically aside? Is that what you're assuming outlays are doing? Are you
assuming you're worse than outlays? And then specifically at MFC, what's happened at MFC? Because at
1 point, the growth rate was high, the company was saying, good growth was sustainable that there was
really just capital and supply constraints. Now it's down in the quarter and you're saying it's down next
year. So that seems to have changed a decent amount.

John W. Mollard
Acting CFO, VP & Treasurer

Noah, it's John. I'll take the question. The -- I would characterize the '21 to '22 headwinds as maybe
being unique to us in some regards, although companies have a lot of exposure or had a lot of exposure
to Afghanistan, for example, they may have similar headwinds. But I'd say the '21 to '22 headwinds are
maybe confined to us. But the out-year growth, I think when I looked at the last track on the President's
budget, the growth rate was like 2% a year. Out -- for government fiscal year '23, '24, '25 and out. I see
that as a center point again, if we're able though to prevail in competition, I see a path for us to grow
faster than that rate. We need to perform on our programs. We need to deliver helicopters and airplanes
on our committed schedules. And if we do that, I see upside to the 2% growth that's in the President's
budget.

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

It's an MFC more specifically, Noah, there -- the PAC-3 production is going to go up, and we've been
investing in that capacity, as you know. But it's going to go up a couple of hundred million dollars. And
then again, if you do puts and takes that special ops logistics support program itself was doing quite
better. So in MFC, just that 1 program takes away all the PAC-3 growth year-over-year into '22. And then
we had probably not as well known, but for MFC a significant cancellation in the U.K. There's a Warrior
armored vehicle program that was canceled by the U.K. government, and that was another $100 million
downdraft.

And then that is sort of tailing off a little bit too now in production rates, not much but another $100
million. So you really have to dig into the details in each BA to see why '21, '22, '23 effects are
happening. But we really are focusing on 23 -- 2023 plus, so to speak or beyond 2023 because all of these
programmatic effects will be known by then. We've got those 4 big areas where we assume and expect
that there's going to be material upside. We'll understand that way better at that point.

And then we'll have some of those new starts that we -- if the competition stay on time, we may know
some decisions in those 2. So yes, there's going to be some puts and takes of Lockheed Martin specific
in the next couple of years, but we're positioning ourselves to weather this period and get through with
a lower share count materially, I think, lower share count by the end of it. And then a growth vector that
has an inclination to it post 2023. And that's really -- our overall financial strategy is to work the share
count, reward shareholders along the way and then an inflection point in growth is what we're aiming for.
That's our goal.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Our next question is from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.

Sheila Karin Kahyaoglu
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Maybe just a follow-up on Noah's question. If we could talk about the shorter-term 2022 and 2023
because I do think that's what investors are focused on. What could be the potential element of upside
surprise? You guys mentioned $8.5 billion of the portfolio is focused on growing programs like CH-53K and
PAC-3. Is that what would -- we would look to? Or are there other elements that come in?

John W. Mollard
Acting CFO, VP & Treasurer

Yes. Thanks, Sheila. I think it's growth and opportunities across the big 4 categories that Jim has
articulated, A lot of our potential upside in 2023 is going to come from programs that are right now and
operational testing, assuming they're able to achieve success through that -- those test programs, they
are going to migrate into production. That's -- in the period where you still have an overlap between
development and production, that's where you're going to start seeing some bulge.

And that kind of transition ties into the discussion -- probably through extended discussion I had with
Miles about if you look out to 2023 or you cume the 3 years, why you're slightly down from the last guide.
I think we're going to be successful. We're going to need to bridge those programs to maintain their
critical schedules. So we're going to carry a financial backstop against them.

But there is absolutely no doubt the growth is going to come out of hypersonics, classified and growth in
the programs of record. I mean Jim mentioned PAC-3 growing $200 million going from '21 to '22. In '21,
we're going to deliver 350 ramps. We're going to be delivering 500 ramps in 2023 and 550 ramps in 2025.
So PAC-3 growth is going to be very strong in that period of time and CH-53K really starts levering. And if
we -- when we prevail on the future vertical lift programs, you will see an inflection point as well.

Operator

Next, we'll go to Doug Harned with Bernstein.

Douglas Stuart Harned
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

I wanted to really go to 2 issues that I think are related. In talking about strategy and in the past, we've
talked about JADC2 and a lot of the things you're thinking about long term, which I think of as important
as platforms may be, is much more about systems, processing, software, sensors, comms and so forth
in integration. But when I look at where F-35 is today, 1 of the big challenges there is an integration
program, and it's been Tech Refresh 3 that I think by any measure, has not gone the way it has been
hoped.

Can you talk about where Tech Refresh 3, the move to Block 4 stands today, what risks that may pose for
F-35 rates going forward. But then also, if you extrapolate that. And if I am to think about doing broader
systems architectures across domains, how do I get confident that the integration capabilities you have
are the best to deliver on that. So it's the combination of both the F-35 situation and taking that to a long-
term strategy.

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure, Doug. It's Jim. So I'll start with TR3, which is -- I'd suggest a microcosm of the larger picture, but
an important one. TR3 gives you and -- and I used to fly these jets, similar ones at least. It gives you a
better cockpit display, more processing for data in the airplane and more data storage in the airplane.
All good things for a 21st century warfare. Although they are not essential to be getting the journey into
networking that jet more closely with other systems and other platforms. So we are doing those 2 things
in parallel because I think they're independent.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

TR3 has also been delayed a bit. We're working with the JPO. We feel we're on a common schedule now.
We've got some significant supply chain issues that we've had to embed our own engineers into our
suppliers to try to get them to perform. We're counting on them. That's important. But it's not going to
turn or defer us from our goal of really developing the F-35 platform to be the aeronautic cornerstone of
our architecture for 21st Century Warfare because, yes, once TR3 is in, it will take another leapfrog up in
data storage and data processing capabilities and networking capabilities, which we will add.

But we're already demonstrating how to do that with a hybrid base station that we actually fly in a U-2
that provides that connectivity today with the Tech Refresh 2 equipment on the jet. So these things are
related, but not differential or coterminous. They don't be coterminous. We will get both of these jobs
done. And in the broader program here, what we've I think derived by working with our government
customers so far and understanding contracts and things is that there won't be a overarching JADC2C2
of any kind. What there will be is in reality in this business, and I think in our customer construct, is that
technology road map and this has been developed more since maybe the last time you and I talked about
this, Doug.

But is going to be a technology road map, which is platform-by-platform connectivity using an open
architecture set of standards and protocols that the whole industry could share. And we're going to be
doing that one stage at a time. And what I want to do and I have to talk to our customers about at the
most senior level is to provide every 6 to 12 months a mission capability by implementing this technology
road map, mission by mission.

Now we've got 14 missions and we've got 14 technologies coincidentally, that we have completed 3 of
those missions, which happened to be counterair surface warfare and integrated air and missile defense.
We're showing customers those road maps and getting feedback on what platforms we should be tying
together first and getting those sensors decision-making command and control systems and actual
effectors connected in the most optimal way every 6 to 12 months. So we're moving out on both fronts.
TR3 is, again, associated, but not essential for moving out on the 21st Century Warfare front.

Greg Gardner
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, John. I think we've got a little over our normal time, but there's been outstanding conversation
today. I think at this time, I'll turn it over to Jim for some closing remarks.

James D. Taiclet
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure, Greg. As I conclude the call today, I want to end by reinforcing our commitment to delivering long-
term value to our shareholders here. While using our strong cash flow and robust balance sheet to do
so, we are not shy about leverage. We're not shy about moving out with speed and with scale, as we've
talked about. Similarly, and again, along the way, we're going to work hard and invest and advance our
customers' important missions along the way. Those numbers that John threw around $2 billion of CapEx
and $1.5 billion of IR&D, they're not incremental. They are up from our kind of recent history, but they are
not an incremental $2 billion and an incremental $1.5 billion, just to be clear on that.

So I just want to make sure everybody knows our approach here. We're going to be positioning ourselves
for a growth inflection that we hope and expect to see a couple of years down the road. And by doing
the share repurchase at the scale we're discussing and the time frame we're looking at, the per share
valuation -- value of that growth inflection should be amplified. That's our goal here. And thanks again to
all of you for joining us on this call today. We look forward to speaking with you on our next earnings call
in January. Thanks a lot.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You
may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 26, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

