Lockheed Martin Corporation NYSE:LMT
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, January 26, 2021 4:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

6.41

6.38

(0.47 %)

6.22

24.52

24.50

(0.08 %)

26.22

16924.31

17032.00

0.64

16334.00

65291.89

65398.00

0.16

67886.43

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-26-2021 3:05 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

5.84

5.71

6.10

6.41

6.08

5.79

6.25

6.38

4.11 %

1.40 %

2.46 %

(0.47 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Greg Gardner
Vice President of Investor
Relations

James D. Taiclet
President, CEO & Director

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Carter Copeland
Melius Research LLC

Douglas Stuart Harned
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

George D. Shapiro
Shapiro Research

Joseph William DeNardi
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Kristine Tan Liwag
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Michael James Maugeri
Wolfe Research, LLC

Myles Alexander Walton
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Noah Poponak
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Peter John Skibitski
Alembic Global Advisors

Richard Tobie Safran
Seaport Global Securities LLC,
Research Division

Robert Alan Stallard
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Ronald Jay Epstein
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Sheila Karin Kahyaoglu
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Presentation

Operator

And ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Lockheed Martin Fourth Quarter
and Full Year 2020 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's
conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Greg Gardner, Vice President
of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

[Audio Gap]

James D. Taiclet
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I hope you've all had a great start to the new year and that
this call finds you and your family safe and healthy. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2020 earnings call as
we review our results, strategic new business activities, key accomplishments and our outlook for 2021.

Before I begin, I'd like to take a moment to reflect on the loss of Michele Evans, our Aeronautics business
area leader who passed away earlier this month. Michele dedicated 34 years of service to our company
and touch the lives of countless people, both inside and outside the corporation. I knew Michele for years,
and I can say that she lived the life of strength and grace. And while we mourn her loss, we also are
thankful to have had her as part of our Lockheed Martin family. We'll all miss Michele.

As we look back to the year from a broader perspective, 2020 introduced personal and professional
challenges to each and every one of us. I'll begin my summary of Lockheed Martin's results today by
thanking the men and women of our company and their families for stepping up to deliver outstanding
performance during the extremely difficult time. It was through their dedication and commitment that we
were able to drive operational and financial results, which not only exceeded many of our expectations but
also set records in several areas.

The coronavirus outbreak remains an ongoing pandemic, and we're continuing to take actions to mitigate
its impacts. Vaccines are also becoming available to help combat this disease, and we're hopeful for
a return to a more normal business environment as we progress throughout the year. Our dedicated
workforce and our resilient supply chain continue to perform with excellence during these demanding
times, supporting our global customers and their important missions, and I'm very proud of their
accomplishments.

Moving to our results. We delivered another year of outstanding performance in 2020 strategically,
operationally and financially. Ken will discuss our financial results in more detail and provide our full year
2021 financial outlook. But I'd like to provide a few highlights from the past year, a period in which we set
high watermarks in sales, earnings and cash from operations.

First, sales and segment profit each grew 9% over 2019, and our 2020 earnings per share increased by
11%. We had a strong year of cash generation, achieving $8.2 billion of cash from operations even after
a $1 billion voluntary pension contribution and after accelerating payments to our supply chain to help
mitigate COVID impacts. We are continuing this practice, prioritizing our vulnerable and small business
partners.

We recorded over $68 billion in orders in 2020, growing our backlog by $3 billion, resulting in a robust
$147 billion. We expect our cash generation to remain strong, and we plan to continue our balanced cash
deployment actions, investing in innovative technologies, strategic opportunities to provide our customers
with enhanced capabilities and still returning cash to shareholders.

Turning to defense budgets. The fiscal year 2021 National Defense Authorization Act has been passed
into legislation, and the Department of Defense appropriations were approved as part of the FY '21
omnibus funding bill. Both of these congressional actions adhere to the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2019,
which established spending levels for discretionary defense budgets for the total fiscal year 2021 national

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

defense spending target of approximately $740 billion. Also, Congress passed a $900 billion COVID relief
package, which extended Section 3610 of the CARES Act to March 31, providing federal agencies the
authority to reimburse contractors who are temporarily unable to work due to facility closures or other
restrictions.

Lockheed Martin programs were well supported in the FY '21 appropriations bill with Congress adding
funding of over $1.7 billion for 17 additional F-35 aircraft and other development and integration activities
for the program, adding nearly $900 million for 9 additional C-130Js plus support work for that airplane;
and over $400 million for Sikorsky programs, including additional CH-53K and Black Hawk helicopters; and
also the initiation of an 8 THAAD battery for the U.S. Army.

Turning to our portfolio. I'd like to touch on several notable achievements, demonstrating our focus on
strategic growth and operational performance. As we announced last month, we have entered into a
definitive agreement to acquire Aerojet Rocketdyne, an action that once finalized will bring long-term
strategic value to our entire portfolio.

As we commented then, our 21st century warfare strategy includes enabling growth areas such as
hypersonics, tactical and integrated air and missile defense and space systems domains. Aerojet's
expertise in propulsion systems will benefit our existing hypersonic programs as they progress from
development to production and will improve our tactical missiles and air and missile defense products,
while continuing Aerojet Rocketdyne's legacy as a merchant supplier to the entire industry.

We believe this combination will deliver innovations and improved efficiencies that will offer more
timely and affordable solutions for all of our customers, including the defense department, domestic
manufacturers and our international partners. And we're very excited about this transaction.

Moving to the business areas. In Aeronautics, our F-35 team finished the year strong, delivering a total
of 120 F-35 aircraft. Our aero production organization, our partners, teammates in the supply chain all
work to overcome manufacturing issues introduced by this pandemic. We've now delivered over 600
airplanes since the program's inception, with nearly 360 jets still in backlog and domestic as well as
international opportunities ahead of us. Over 2/3 of the jets on the plan of record are still to be ordered.
So the aircraft continues to perform well. So operating from 26 bases and ships around the globe. And the
Royal Australian Air Force recently declared initial operating capability in December, the seventh country
to do so since the program began. Also in our Aeronautics business, the U.S. Air Force awarded a $900
million contract for us to provide sustainment and support services for F-16 aircraft, including maintenance
and modification activities. Of course, the F-16 is one of our longest-running production programs, and
we will look to optimize the Air Force's F-16 fleet for greater capability, readiness and performance via this
new sustainment contract.

Moving to our Space business area. We recently won a $4.9 billion award for our next-generation overhead
persistent infrared, or OPIR contract. This award funds the production of 3 geosynchronous satellites and
ground systems to provide initial warning of ballistic or tactical missile launches anywhere in the world.
These new space vehicles will have more powerful sensors and greater resiliency to enhance our nation's
air and missile defense capabilities well into the 21st century.

Keeping with our space organization, we're pleased to be selected for one of the awards to develop a
prototype payload for the new evolved strategic satellite communication system. ESS is designed to be
the successor to the advanced extremely high-frequency constellation of satellites, one of our signature
programs that provide secure and survivable strategic communications for national leaders and tactical
commanders alike.

This is our OPIR satellites. The ESS constellation is intended to provide improved resiliency, survivability
and increase capabilities. We look forward to participating in this opportunity as we work to enrich our
platforms with more mission systems content, which is another key facet of our 21st century warfare
strategy.

I'll close with our Rotary and Mission Systems and Missiles and Fire Control business areas, which recently
led Lockheed Martin's participation in an exercise, Valiant Shield 2020. which is a biennial joint effort for

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

the U.S. Navy, Army, Air Force and Marine Corps. Our combined team used a virtualized Aegis Weapon
System to conduct a pioneering joint multi-domain long fires demonstration. By delivering machine-to-
machine interfaces across joint force systems, this effort accelerated speed of decision-making and then
the action. It demonstrated a primary premise of our 21st century war fighting strategy by networking
separate sensors, communication links and weapons across multiple platforms. The result is more effective
joint all-domain operations that provide enhanced capabilities and greater effectiveness to the commander
in a field of operations.

These achievements highlight our strategy to help address emerging threats with 21st century capabilities
to invest in new and innovative technologies and leverage our signature programs to provide powerful
deterrents to future military conflicts. That's our mission.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Ken.

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. As I highlight our key financial accomplishments, please follow
along with the web charts that we've included with our earnings release today. So let's begin with Chart 3
and an overview of our results for the year.

Sales, segment operating profit, cash from operations and earnings per share from continuing operations
closed with record annual highs. We generated $8.2 billion of cash from operations after a $1 billion
discretionary contribution to our pension trust this quarter. And we continued our cash deployment
actions, returning $3.9 billion of cash to our shareholders through a combination of dividends and share
repurchases, while continuing to invest in the strategic growth of the business, including acquiring i3
and record investments in IRAD and capital expenditures. We also entered into a definitive agreement to
acquire Aerojet Rocketdyne in the fourth quarter, with the close expected in the second half of 2021. I will
note that our 2021 outlook includes -- excludes all results associated with this transaction.

While backlog declined approximately $3 billion in the quarter due primarily to the timing of the F-35
Lot 15 production order, 2020 represented the sixth consecutive annual increase in year-end backlog for
the corporation. In summary, it was an outstanding year for the business, and Lockheed Martin is well
positioned for continued success in 2021.

Turning to Chart 4, we compare our sales and segment operating profit this year with last year's results.
Sales grew 9% in 2020 compared with last year to $65.4 billion, continuing the strong performance over
the first 3 quarters while segment operating profit also increased 9% over last year to nearly $7.2 billion.

On Chart 5, we compare sales by business area with last year's results. As Jim mentioned, all 4 of our
business areas experienced strong sales growth in 2020, led by Aeronautics and Missiles and Fire Control
at 11%. Aeronautics growth was driven by development and sustainment increases on F-35 and F-16 as
well as growth in advanced development programs. Missiles and Fire Controls growth was primarily from
production volume in tactical and strike missiles and air and missile defense lines of business. I will note
that all 4 of our business areas achieved record highs for sales in 2020.

Chart 6 shows our earnings per share for 2020. Our EPS from continuing operations of $24.50 was up
$2.55 or 12% higher than our results from last year, driven primarily by increased volume and sustained
performance.

On Chart 7, we'll discuss our backlog. Driven by annual increases at 3 of our 4 business areas, we
maintained a book-to-bill ratio above 1 for the full year of 2020. This continued backlog growth, combined
with further visibility of our 2021 orders, provides additional confidence in our increased sales outlook for
2021.

On Chart 8, we'll discuss the cash return to our shareholders in 2020. Subtracting our capital expenditures
from approximately $8.2 billion of cash from operations, our free cash flow is greater than $6.4 billion,
nearly a 6% increase over 2019. This growth was achieved despite accelerating more payments to our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

supply chain than we received from the favorable DOD initiated progress payment increases and the
deferral of payroll taxes under the CARES Act.

We increased our dividend by more than 8% and executed our planned share repurchases for the year
with $1.1 billion in total shares retired. This brought our total cash return to shareholders to $3.9 billion
for the year or 60% of free cash flow providing a solid returns to the shareholders in 2020.

Moving on to Chart 9. We provide our outlook for the year ahead. Our outlook for sales ranges from
$67.1 billion to $68.5 billion. The midpoint of this range represents nearly a 4% increase over 2020, an
improvement from our October estimate even after incorporating the impact of the U.K. MOD's decision
to in-source contract support for the atomic weapons establishment. The $700 million sales reduction for
this change is reflected in our outlook for the Space business. Were not for this decision, our estimated
sales increase would have been approximately 5%, which is greater than the estimated 3% sales growth
we discussed in the last earnings call. We have incorporated the known COVID impacts into our 2021
financial outlook. We will continue to work with our U.S. government customers to monitor COVID risk
to our operations in the supply chain, and we will continue exploring potential paths to recovery of cost
impacts where appropriate to minimize future impacts.

The range for segment operating profit is estimated to be approximately $7.4 billion to $7.5 billion. Our
estimated FAS/CAS pension adjustment is approximately $2.3 billion. Our estimated range for 2021
earnings per share grows to between $26 to $26.30. The midpoint of this range represents approximately
an 8% increase over 2020 results. Cash from operations is now projected to meet or exceed $8.3 billion,
and I will discuss this in greater detail on the following chart.

On Chart 10, we will walk through our future cash expectations, folding in the $1 billion discretionary
pension payment we made last quarter. Strong operational performance drove a reduction in working
capital, which allowed us to increase our cash outlook for 2021 to greater than or equal to $8.3 billion.
We now see approximately $8.7 billion of cash flow from operations in 2022, increasing our 3-year cash
generation estimate by $900 million over our prior assessment. And as we sit here now, we see 2023
cash from operations of approximately $9 billion. I should note, this outlook and trends are prior to an
estimated R&D tax deduction impact from the 2017 Tax Cut and Jobs Act change that would impact 2022
cash by approximately $2.1 billion and lower 2023 cash by approximately $1.8 billion.

On Chart 11, we break down our sales and segment operating profit outlook by business area. All 4
business areas are positioned for continued sales growth in 2021, approximately 4% for the corporation
led by Aeronautics at 5%. Segment operating profit growth is also projected to grow at approximately 4%
in the aggregate, with our largest growth in Aeronautics at 6%.

And finally, on Chart 12, we have our summary. We believe 2020 was an exceptional year for Lockheed
Martin during these challenging times. Our team diligently worked to minimize the impacts of the
pandemic to our business and our supply chain, and we have increased our estimates for 2021 for all key
financial metrics. Our results in 2020 exceeded previous highs and have positioned us well for continued
growth and value creation this upcoming year.

We remain focused on cash generation and growth in 2021. We will continue to invest in discriminating
technologies and strategic initiatives to deliver value to our customers while providing strong cash returns
to stockholders.
And with that, we're ready for your questions. Brad?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of
America.

Ronald Jay Epstein
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Jim, can you speak to your broader space strategy? And I appreciate your comments on Aerojet in your
prepared remarks. But can you be more specific on how it creates value, particularly in the absence
of maybe a broader strategy? Or is it actually part of a broader roll-up strategy? I mean are you guys
thinking about doing more strategic actions in space? And how are you thinking about space for Lockheed
Martin?

James D. Taiclet
President, CEO & Director

Well, Ron, I came into this role with Lockheed Martin being the leader in national security space as it is.
And the benefit of the position of the company is that we have a strong position in the, I'd say, classic
large bus, military, defense satellites and then intelligent community satellites, but we also have the ability
to go down range into medium and low orbit as well as geosynchronous orbit.

So the whole playing field in national defense space is open to Lockheed Martin. And what we're doing
in the business is we're introducing these 21st century technologies and taking advantage of that space
platform. And so you see us winning recently low-orbit transport layer contract, which is a pioneering
initiative of the Department of Defense to start introducing 5G and other modern networking technologies
into the space domain. We're part of that.

And what we've been able to do is to connect our Space assets already using some of those newer
technologies and AI and also distributing compute into our aerospace, land and sea forces as well,
the platforms that we deploy there. So we have a broad space strategy, which is to take 21st century
networking, storage and compute technologies into our space domain as really a competitive advantage
versus other defense contractors that don't have that asset available to them.

The second part of your question is, well, how does Aerojet Rocketdyne create value in doing this? And
it really goes hand-in-hand with our hypersonic strategy, which is part of our 21st century war fighting
initiative. I view Lockheed Martin's benefit or role in defense enterprise as adding velocity to it. The
world is moving faster both kinetically, if you will, and in a networking and AI perspective as well. And we
need to speed up. And just taking one dimension of that, hypersonic missiles and countering hypersonic
missiles, requires a much better, tighter integration of the propulsion system into the body of the missile.
The heat generated by these hypersonic missiles is incredible. And just managing that heat and thermal
issue is one of the reasons we invested in i3 as well.

So we are selecting what we think are the most important defense platforms and connectivity capacities
for the future of warfare, and we're investing in those. And Aerojet Rocketdyne is part and parcel of that
investment strategy. Propulsion integration in the hypersonic missile glide bodies is essential.

The other benefit of us working in a more integrated fashion with Aerojet Rocketdyne is we'll be able to
bring our broad engineering expertise, our capital and our operational experience into Aerojet Rocketdyne
and bring the best of Lockheed Martin to the propulsion side of missiles and space. So there are incredible
synergies here. I know Ken can speak to a little bit more on those later, both revenue and cost. But given
my long answer, I'll stop there.

Operator

And we do have a question from the line of Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Peter John Skibitski
Alembic Global Advisors

Jim, can you talk about kind of your updated midterm view of the DOD budget now that we have obviously
a new sec def and administration, but maybe even more importantly, a change in control of the Senate?
I'm just wondering what you're kind of seeing and hearing [ Tilley-wise ] in terms of the budget outlook.

James D. Taiclet
President, CEO & Director

Well sure, Pete. The administration hasn't unveiled its actual plan or trajectory for defense budgets. But
I take solace in a couple of things. One is that the National Security and Intelligence and International
affairs team that President Biden is proposing or has brought on is experienced. They are professionals in
that realm of many of them having decades of senior government experience dealing with these issues.
And so you're going to have, we believe, a lot of continuity and policy and also in focus on how important
strong defense is for this country. So I think the proposed team is a plus.

And unfortunately, frankly, the threat outside against potentially United States is growing. It's
accelerating, too, by the way. And when we look at the National Defense Strategy, it reorients itself and
reorients our defense enterprise towards great power competition. And it's something you cannot just sit
still and watch go by because we will be overtaken because of the aggressiveness of our potential peers.

So I'm taking solace in these trends as far as the defense budget goes, that you have professional
experienced people leading it for the administration and that the threat environment is greater versus
lesser. We feel that supports a stable defense budget going forward.

Operator

And we do have a question from the line of Joseph DeNardi with Stifel.

Joseph William DeNardi
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Ken, can you talk a little bit about the R&D tax impact? And I guess, relative to the political backdrop,
do you now see that playing out as more likely? Or is there still an outcome where that's less onerous? I
mean are you now planning differently than you were a few months ago in terms of the potential cash flow
impact from that?

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Chief Financial Officer

You bet. So yes, Joe, I have socialized with you guys as much as we could once we concluded our view of
what the tax law, the interpretation of that was. And as I stated a few times now, it looks like it's about
$2.1 billion in 2022, $1.8 billion in 2023, and it will continue trending down.

One of the reasons we are extremely focused on cash -- you heard in my prepared comments, the amount
of cash that we're generating in '22 and '23. I've stated, we've taken -- we took a pause for the -- roughly
the second half of last year before we started talking to the key constituents about that impact. It is still
our belief that we think there's some likelihood it will either be repealed or altered. So it just doesn't
include entire research expenses, which would include our cost plus contracts, but would be just our
research and our IRAD, our research and development costs, which would not be a material impact to our
-- to the outlooks I gave you.

We still think there's a good likelihood that's going to happen. Because if you think about it, if in 2022,
we have $2.1 billion less of cash -- this is just Lockheed Martin, and as you know, Joe, this is not just
Lockheed Martin and not just A&D. This is all of industry. So this is going to hit pharma hard. It's going to
hit high-tech hard. These are dollars that we're not going to have the ability to plow back and invest into
our portfolio and into our technologies. And I think that is a compelling story. And I think at the end of the
day, that's going to rule the day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Now having said that, we are still generating large amounts of cash. In fact, as you know, we ended the
year in excess of $3 billion cash on hand. Right now, assuming our dividend assumptions and our share
repurchase assumptions for 2021, we're going to end 2021 with over $5 billion of cash. That number
is going to continue to grow. And that -- frankly, that's a good opportunity for us to do the things Jim
described from an investment standpoint and then to continue our robust cash deployment strategy that
we have historically had with our shareholders.

Operator

And we do have a question from the line of Hunter Keay with Wolfe Research.

Michael James Maugeri
Wolfe Research, LLC

It's actually Mike Maugeri on for Hunter. So according to your filings, from 2009 to 2017, square footage
in your spaces that you lease or own fell 8.5 million square feet or 15% while you're still growing revenue.
So I know that you have an investment in Palmdale coming up. But in the next budget down cycle
flattening, whenever it should come, facility consolidation, is that a lever you'd be willing to pull or able to
pull again?

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Thanks for the question, Mike. It's Ken. So I think this year or 2020, we're going to end with roughly
72 million square feet. And there's 4 pieces to that. One is the space we actually own, and a large share of
that is going to be manufacturing space. And that's about half of our real estate. And then the other half is
a combination of lease space; GOCO, which is government-owned, contractor-operated much like our Fort
Worth facility; and then GOGO, which is government-owned, government-operated, which is AWE.

And so there's a couple of -- just short term, there's a couple of puts and takes. Assuming the U.K.
government does take over the management of AWE, we lose about 4.5 million square feet out of that
72 million squares. When we're successful with the Aerojet Rocketdyne acquisition, I believe they have
about 3 million square feet that we would add back. You mentioned, Mike, the Palmdale building that we're
building. We also have a little bit of real estate that we're expanding in space and in RMS and in Missiles
and Fire Control. And that nets about 1 million square feet.

So at the end of the day, we're going to be down about 0.5 million squares. But now the opportunity
comes. Right now, we have roughly half of our employees working remotely. Some of them are
periodically coming in. But we have, over the last couple of months, have rolled out a plan, frankly, looking
at Lockheed Martin forward is what we call it. And it's, frankly, the future of work. And we are going to
start looking at getting out of some of that lease space as our leases expire. You can expect us to reduce
our footprint by at least a couple of million square feet in the next couple of years, if not more. We'll go
to more hoteling. We'll allow people that -- where it makes sense for them to work from home, and we'll
make sure this is a competitive and strategic advantage for us.

Operator

And we do have a question from the line of Kristine Liwag from Morgan Stanley.

Kristine Tan Liwag
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Jim, maybe following on the question on the new administration but in a slightly different way. How do you
think about opportunities and challenges regarding foreign military sales? With the new administration, do
you see more headwinds or more tailwinds than before?

James D. Taiclet
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Kristine, as far as international business, including foreign military sales, the tendency of the people
and the Biden administration and the President's own statements reiterate his view that alliances are
important, that they need to be cultivated and that they have real value and deterrence in national
defense. And so I do think that we'll have a more open environment for FMS and direct commercial sales
to our international partners.

The other benefit, you've seen it recently in the press, is that we have some fantastic and unmatched
products that are in great demand and highly desired by many countries. So you've seen F-16 sales
coming back. F-35 was a pivotal element of the Abraham accords, we believe. And that system is so highly
desired by our allies and the United Arab Emirates and elsewhere that it actually helped bring a modicum
of peace to the Middle East. And so our -- between our products and the Biden administration's stated
proclivity to enhance our alliances, I think we're in a better position going forward.

Operator

And we do have a question from the line of Carter Copeland with Melius Research.

Carter Copeland
Melius Research LLC

I figure Q4 is probably the best time to ask a question like this, just to get some color on it. But classified
has obviously been a big component of bookings and growth and your focus. I wondered if you might,
Ken, give us some more color, if you can, around how much classified grew in 2020 or some more color
on bookings growth; or if you can't do that, even relative growth versus the rest of the business. Just any
kind of sense you can give us on the sort of seed corn projects that will fill out the revenue outlook in the
next 3 to 5 years and beyond.

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Chief Financial Officer

You bet. Carter, and unfortunately, I do have to be a little cryptic, and I apologize for that, but I'll try
to give you color to the best of my abilities. We have seen our classified business from an order book
standpoint and from a sales standpoint growing faster than the corporation.

If you go around the horn, I've mentioned in the past, we won a strategic program in Palmdale where
we're starting to see the benefits of multiple customers starting to want that system. In fact, we're also in
conversation with an international partner of the United States of their interest in that system. And back to
Mike's question, that's the reason for the capital growth out in Palmdale.

There is some other things going on out there that, unfortunately, we can't talk about that I think we'll
reap the benefits of. Some of them are hypersonics. Some of them are other platforms. At Missiles and
Fire Control, we've talked about the large development program that we won. It is progressing well. It's
going to continue to grow in the future probably as fast, if not faster than the rest of Missiles and Fire
Control. And then probably the other big place to talk is space. We won a couple rather large strategic
programs in 2020. We're also pursuing a few in 2021.

And also the -- from a sales standpoint, as I mentioned, for across the corporation, growing faster than
top line than our business in the aggregate is.

From a margin standpoint, margins in Aeronautics for Palmdale, the classified work right now, is dilutive
just by the nature of the contract types. Same with Missiles and Fire Control. These programs are going
to be dilutive -- growing faster than the rest of the portfolio, but from a margin standpoint going to be
dilutive. The good news also is -- but from a contract-type standpoint, they're not an impact to working
capital. So there'll be a reasonably good cash flow.

In the Space business, some of these programs are fixed price, but most of them are going to be cost-plus
as well. So just slightly dilutive to the overall portfolio. But again, I apologize. That's about as much as I
could say about the portfolio.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

And we do have a question from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research.

Robert Alan Stallard
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Jim, a question for you. Given the recent share price performance and the valuation on the stock and, of
course, the very low interest rates here, do you think this is the best use of the balance sheet to continue
to pile up more cash, and perhaps you should be more aggressive on the share buyback here?

James D. Taiclet
President, CEO & Director

Well, we're balanced in our cash application and always have been as a company, and it's my legacy back
at my prior company as well. And there are many competing parts, right? So we have an opportunity
set and a desire to grow, and we're pursuing that growth strategy while carrying for cash deployment to
shareholders. So again, to be a little cryptic, we've got all the keys on the piano at our disposal. And we're
going to work our way through some decisions and opportunities here in the near future. But yes, I'm an
acolyte of the notion that when share price is below intrinsic value that you aggressively, to the extent
that you can, buy it back based on regulatory and other matters that go on and so -- and opportunities
that may be being looked at or not.

And so we'll work our way through all of those issues. But I can assure you that if we're in the clear and
intrinsic value is greater than the share price, you'll see Ken and I diving back in the market.

Operator

And we do have a question from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.

Sheila Karin Kahyaoglu
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Just given 3% to 4% EBIT growth this year versus 9 in 2020, how do you think about some of those
drivers as it relates to your $9 billion OCF target in 2023? Is it sort of steady as she goes in terms of your
earnings outlook? And then, I guess, the age-old question of, is there an opportunity where earnings
growth exceeds revenue growth going forward given decelerating budget environment?

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Chief Financial Officer

So yes, we see -- if you look at our cash and as you noted, we see $8.3 billion cash from ops in '21, $8.7
billion before the tax impact due to R&D of -- in '22 and then $9 billion in '23. We see -- right now, we see
margins pretty steady at 11%. So most of that is -- I've talked to Wall Street about our focus on cash,
what we've called it as a culture of cash where generally over the last couple of years, it's not just, frankly,
a balance sheet issue. It's not the finance community just to solve. It's the entire corporation where,
say, production operations understands the consequences of making or missing deliveries and how that
impacts cash.

So we see more opportunities going forward managing the balance sheet, specifically contract assets and
inventory and ensuring that if they're going to grow, they're growing at the most efficient way possible.

And then also, as Jim mentioned, we see opportunities. I'm not going to talk about specifically FMS, but
probably more direct government sales where there's an opportunity for us to get cash advances.

To answer your second part of your question, we do see some opportunity, though, to be better than
11%. And that's specifically, our programs that will start to mature. Pick F-16. We're generally in the
beginning of the production cycle again. We're going to deliver 8 airplanes in 2022. And then we'll get up
to a significant double-digit deliveries in '23 and beyond. There is an opportunity for us to have margin
improvement there.

F-35. Everybody wants to talk about F-35. We do still think there's opportunities there from a margin
standpoint with production. We've talked to you about the PBL concept to the -- performance-based

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

logistics concept that we've had, that we do think there's some margin opportunity there for industry
assuming we perform, assuming we hit the critical service level agreements that we want.

Hypersonics will soon get out of development and hopefully go into a limited rate production and
production that will help us. All the helicopter programs that we've talked about, you'll start to see
CH-53K, moving out of development into production. Presidential helicopter, of course, is moving into
production. You have combat search and rescue that will move into production. Those are just a couple of
examples, Sheila, I think that will give us an opportunity to enhance our margin over time.

Operator

And we do have a question from the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein.

Douglas Stuart Harned
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Jim, earlier you said that the goal would be to enrich your platforms with mission systems content. And
I have to say this, to me, sounded like something I could have heard back in the Vance Coffman/Norm
Augustine days, something that didn't really work out well because of DOJ concerns, DOD concerns. So
now with the -- in trying to do that -- and then also, you talked about the advantages you could get from
the Aerojet Rocketdyne acquisition. And then Raytheon with the acquisition of Blue Canyon, that's -- they
make buses that do work for you guys, for L3 Harris, for Northrop Grumman.

I mean are we seeing -- do you think we're seeing a different structure to this industry going forward
with much more vertical integration? Can you comment on this from a -- from sort of a philosophical
standpoint?

James D. Taiclet
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Doug. I mean if you go all the way back to the primary notion that we're back into a world of great
power competition, it's important to look, I think, beyond our own defense industrial base structure, but
outward to those of the competitors, which are China, Russia, Iran and North Korea, for example.

And compare our capabilities in the -- if I'm in government, comparing our defense industrial-based
capabilities to those of the peer group, how does China operate its defense industrial base, how does
it organize it and what are the capabilities and velocity again that comes from that. And from that
perspective, my view would be that vertical integration concerns from a classic antitrust perspective are
dwarfed by the lack of velocity and inability to integrate an added cost, frankly, that comes from the
existing defense industrial base structure that's stratified with a supply chain that's quite fragmented.

I think it's better for the country and for the defense enterprise to enable industry to make logical
proposals for bringing in the mission systems, if you will, the supply chain that goes into major platforms
into a more integrated organization.

So I think that's the philosophical basis. On the other hand, we cannot predict the decisions of individual
regulators and those coming into office. But I do think that it's critical that those decisions look through
the lens of great power competition and how we compare to the defense industrial base, certainly, of
China.

Operator

And we do have a question from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.

Noah Poponak
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

How much revenue is your hypersonics franchise generating in the 2021 outlook? And then how much
revenue could your hypersonics franchise be generating closer to the middle of the decade?

Kenneth R. Possenriede

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Chief Financial Officer

Okay. Noah, I'll take that. You do like these long ball answers. So I'll do the best of my abilities on the
second part. But if you look at our hypersonics portfolio through 2020, our total order book was north
of $3 billion. We generated about $1.2 billion in hypersonics sales in 2020. And think of that as mostly
development and cost-plus programs. And actually, we had a couple of risk retirements at the end of the
year. So our programs are performing.

For 2021, Noah, the best of our abilities, right now, we see hypersonic sales being about $1.5 billion and
still dilutive margins just based on contract type and the type of work that's being done. We're going to
have a handful of these programs. We'll have first launch, continued demonstration of capabilities this year
and next year. And then as I've stated in the past, you'll start seeing some of these programs neck down,
as you saw last year where we had one program terminated but we actually saw the funding start to go to
some of our other platforms. So for us, really not a harm and intuitively made sense.

So by the middle of the decade, it's conceivable that, that number could be closer to $3 billion. You'll start
to see some of these limited rate production programs happening. Some of these programs will actually
start going into full scale production. So it's conceivable that our sales will more than double by the middle
of this decade. And also the contract type will start changing and there'll either be fixed-price incentive or
fixed-price contracts.

Operator

And we do have a question from the line of Richard Safran with Seaport Global.

Richard Tobie Safran
Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division

So I wanted to ask you about the international. We've known the Trump administration went to extensive
measures to promote U.S. Defense exports. I'm just wondering, maybe you could dovetail off to the
comments you have made coming from your government affairs people about the new administration. Do
you see any changes with how the new administration is looking at exports? Do you think there's going to
be continued growth there? And do you think this could be a benefit to your -- to the international sales of
air defense equipment?

James D. Taiclet
President, CEO & Director

Richard, it's Jim. And again, it's too soon to tell what individual policymakers are going to do since
they haven't been named or confirmed in large part yet. But if you go back to the first principles of
the administration, based on candidate Biden and now President Biden's campaign, jobs and economic
recovery, incredibly important to him and to his administration. And there are no better source of
jobs in international military sales for this country and -- in large part because these are -- tend to be
engineering, STEM, high salary; and the manufacturing jobs also, high wage reliable, dependable jobs with
companies that have strong benefits, et cetera.

So if jobs in the economy are important, the promotion of international defense sales, one would surmise,
would also be important. So from that perspective, I expect that we're going to get strong support, let
alone from, as I mentioned earlier, the interest and desire to have increased collaboration, cooperation
with our allies.

And as an ex-pilot myself, I can tell you that there's no better way to get a tighter bond with an ally than
sell them jet aircraft, fighter aircraft. Because all the way back in the mid-80s when I was in pilot training,
we had Saudis in our class, for example. Then when I was at Pratt & Whitney, we built an F100 engine
overhaul and repair shop in Saudi Arabia that further cemented our collaboration with that country is just
2 tiny examples.

And then you've got, again, the training, collaboration. You've got industrial collaboration. You're doing
exercises together. You're using the same cockpit avionics, just goes on and on how you can increase your

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

alliance stickiness, if you will, with major defense sales. So I think on those 2 dimensions, at least, that we
would expect some positive momentum.

Operator

And we do have a question from the line of Myles Walton with UBS.

Myles Alexander Walton
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Just a quick one on Space. It looked like there was some implied margin erosion or compression
sequentially into 2021, but I would have thought that AWE would have helped that. Is there something
else that moved around in the mix that you'd point us to?

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Myles, it's Ken. Yes, the big driver is, if you look at United Launch Alliance, due to the mix
of launches, we're going to see less profit next year at ULA than we had in 2020. But you're right,
unfortunately, that more than offsets the ULA -- I'm sorry, the AWE dilution.

Operator

And we do have a question from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research.

George D. Shapiro
Shapiro Research

Yes. I wanted to go through some of the margins, Ken, in Aeronautics. I mean you had this increase
in C-130 profits and didn't look like revenues changed much, otherwise you would have spelled it out.
And then you had a reduction in the F-16 margin. And it looked like you had to have an increase in the
production margin on the F-35 to get the bigger increases you had. So I just wondered if you could clarify
that a little bit more.

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. George, I got a clarifying question for you. Are you talking about fourth quarter of '20? Or you want
to talk about '21?

George D. Shapiro
Shapiro Research

Talk about the full year 2020.

Kenneth R. Possenriede
Chief Financial Officer

Full year 2020. Well, it probably just makes sense then to talk about the fourth quarter because that's
the most current information. So just in aggregate, I'll talk top line and bottom line for Aeronautics. So
we saw development top line increases. Generally, they were mid-single-digit increases, and that was
driven by follow-on modernization. I mean we're still seeing a lot of success there, a lot of demand by our
customer set for increased technology on the platform.

Production was down in the quarter, year-over-year in the fourth quarter, George, and that was mid-single
digits as well. That was probably more of a timing issue than anything else. The statement, we saw strong
growth, and we're going to see strong growth into 2021. That will be the fastest-growing piece of F-35
in 2021. We saw strong increases on F-16. You're starting to see production kick in, and you also had
strong sustainment. C-130 sales were up 3%, so think of that as low single digits. ADP, the Skunk Works
is strong double-digit increases there as well.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

And I'll go to profit for you. So for the quarter, we were up 7%, roughly 10.8% margins versus 10.6%.
But F-35, F-35, to your point, was down. That was driven by production. So we had high single-digit
margins. I mean it was almost 10%, but down a little bit versus last year, which were stronger double-
digit margins. And that was just, frankly, driven by less risk retirements in the fourth quarter of 2020 than
2019. Sustainment was up a little bit.

F-16 margins for the quarter, George, were up. Both were double-digit margins. But fourth quarter this
year, we were almost 20% margins on F-16. That's because we had a risk retirement on an international
sustainment program. C-130 margins were up in the fourth quarter as well. And that's because we had
risk retirements on our FIOC 4 and our programs. And ADP was up. And most of that was volume, but
we actually -- good news had some risk retirements there as well. So hopefully, that helps give you some
color.

Greg Gardner
Vice President of Investor Relations

Brad, it's Greg. Before I hand it off to Jim, I've been informed that some listeners might not have heard
the forward-looking statement at the beginning. So let me just reiterate for a minute that statements
made in today's call that are not historical fact are considered forward-looking statements and made
pursuant to the safe harbor provision. So please check our SEC filings for more discussion on the risks and
historical facts.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Jim for closing comments.

James D. Taiclet
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Greg, thanks. Look, our business performed exceptionally well in 2020 under extremely difficult
circumstances. And again, I want to thank the men and women of Lockheed Martin for stepping up to that.
We delivered outstanding program execution and operational performance for our customers and strong
financial performance for you, the stockholders. So our robust backlog, our broad portfolio and our long-
term strategic focus have us well positioned for continued growth, we think.

So we thank you again for joining us on the call today, and we look forward to speaking with you on our
next earnings call in April. And -- that concludes our call today, Brad. Thank you.

Operator
And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation
and for using AT&T conferencing service. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 26, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

