Loews Corporation NYSE:L
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, February 10, 2020 4:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.73

1.11

52.05

0.93

3.35

4.10

22.39

3.40

-

-

-

-

14769.00

14931.00

1.10

15508.00

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-07-2020 9:21 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.96

0.75

0.68

0.73

1.15

0.91

0.22

1.11

19.79 %

21.33 %

(67.65 %)

52.05 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
LOEWS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David B. Edelson
Senior VP & CFO

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate
Communications

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Loews Corporation Q4 2019
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.

I will now turn the call over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate
Communications.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Thank you, Laurie. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Loews Corporation's fourth quarter and year-
end earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and company overview
may be found on our website, lowes.com.

On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer,
David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session
with questions submitted by shareholders.

Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are
forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those
made or implied in any forward-looking statements. Due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties,
including those set forth in our SEC filings, forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the
time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-
looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking
statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC.

During the call today, we may also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security
filings and earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures.

In a few minutes, our CFO, David Edelson, will walk you through key drivers for the quarter and the year.
Before he does, Jim Tisch, our CEO, will kick off the call.

Jim, over to you.

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Mary, and good morning. Before we get into the details of the quarter and our year-end
results, I want to mention share repurchases. For those of you who follow those closely, I must sound
like a broken record. I've been saying for a while that we believe Loews' stock looks cheap and trades at
a deep discount to our view of its intrinsic value. Rather than complain, we have acted. From January 1,
2018, through Friday, we repurchased more than 45 million shares of Loews common stock for a total cost
of just under $2.25 billion. That represents more than 15% of our currently outstanding shares. Typically,
most of the funds we've used to repurchase our shares have come from dividends paid to Loews from our
subsidiaries. And in recent years, most of those dividends have come from CNA. However, dividends paid
to Loews represent only a portion of the free cash flow generated by our subsidiaries.

Our businesses may also decide to use their free cash flow either to fund growth or to pay down debt. And
to the extent that they have the opportunity to profitably reinvest their cash flow into their businesses, we
encourage them to do so. However, if there is no other productive use for their free cash flow, more often
than not, they'll distribute that cash.

To pull back the curtain a bit on this process, in 2019, Loews received more than $180 million from Loews
Hotels. This cash came both from the sale of hotels and free cash flow from operations, both after Loews
Hotels invested around $70 million into construction of new properties. We expect Loews Hotels to return

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2020

capital again in 2020, but the amount will likely be smaller because the hotel companies will continue to
invest in its own development and we expect fewer proceeds from the sale of hotel properties. No matter
what, to the extent that the hotel company has economically attractive projects in which to invest, we
want them to do so.

This year, we have 3 new hotels opening in St. Louis, Orlando and Kansas City. These hotels represent
more than 3,000 new keys for our company. These properties will either be focused on transient and
group business, like the new Loews Kansas City, which is attached to the Kansas City Convention Center,
or they will have built-in demand generators like the Endless Summer Hotel in Orlando.

Additionally, in late December of 2019, Loews Hotels received the necessary approvals from the Arlington
Texas City Council to build a $550 million 888-room hotel that will be connected to a new convention
center, the Arlington Convention Center complex, which will be at the base of AT&T Stadium and Globe Life
field, will offer 216,000 square feet of meeting and outdoor function space. It's part of an overall effort by
the city to increase convention and tourism business in Arlington, which is nestled between Dallas and Fort
Worth and 15 minutes from the DFW airport.

Since 2013, Loews Hotels has more than tripled its adjusted EBITDA, going from $68 million back then to
$227 million last year. We believe the company's future is bright and that it will be a strong growth engine
for the parent company.

In other subsidiary news, those of you who look at our earnings supplement may notice that CCC, our
packaging subsidiary, recently changed its name to Altium. The rationale for the change is that CCC had
been well-known with the industry as the water and milk container company, but their product lines and
capabilities are much broader. With Altium's recent acquisitions, the company has expanded even further
the number of segments of the packaging industry it can service. The new name is meant to underscore
the company's diverse capabilities and help to continue to grow its customer base.

Before turning the call over to David, I want to briefly talk about our results for 2019. Loews had a good
year driven by seller results at CNA as well as good investment income at the parent company level. CNA's
underlying combined ratio continued to improve in 2019 despite a competitive environment. Since 2016,
CNA's underlying combined ratio improved by more than 3 points. Additionally, CNA grew net written
premiums by 5% for 2019 driven by particularly strong growth in commercial lines. Rate increased 5%
for CNA's P&C operation last year. It goes without saying that we remain very bullish on CNA, both on
the fundamentals of the insurance industry and on CNA's growth trajectory within the industry. CNA
will continue to focus on maintaining and improving its strong underwriting culture and building on its
expertise in areas of deep specialization. These steps will help CNA reach its goal of sustaining top quartile
underwriting performance. CNA represents a significant portion of Loews' sum of the parts, and as such,
our repurchases underscore our confidence in our insurance business.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to David.

David B. Edelson
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Today, we reported fourth quarter net income of $217 million or $0.73
per share compared to a net loss of $165 million or $0.53 per share in last year's fourth quarter. For the
full year, we reported net income of $932 million or $3.07 per share, up from $636 million or $1.99 per
share in 2018.

I will start by summarizing our much improved fourth quarter results and then turn to the full year. The
earnings turnaround in Q4 was driven mainly by investment results at both CNA and the parent company,
as well as higher P&C underwriting income at CNA. CNA's net income contribution swung from a $75
million loss in Q4 2018 to income of $244 million, an improvement of $319 million. Returns on CNA's
holdings of LPs and common stocks accounted for $146 million of the improvement, and a pivot from net
investment losses to net investment gains accounted for another $61 million.

P&C underwriting income at CNA accounted for $119 million of our year-over-year net income increase,
driven by lower cat losses and stronger underlying -- underwriting results. CNA's overall combined ratio

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2020

declined almost 10 points from Q4 2018 to 95.6. And its underlying combined ratio, which excludes cats
and prior year development, improved 3.1 points to 94.9.

Like CNA, Loews' parent company investment results benefited from more favorable equity market
conditions as they swung from a $57 million after-tax loss to income of $67 million in Q4. Loews Hotels
and CNA's corporate segment were the main year-over-year negatives. Loews Hotels incurred a $69
million after-tax charge from the impairment of 2 hotel properties in Q4. Absent this charge and other
nonrecurring items such as preopening expenses on properties under development, Loews Hotels'
contribution to our net income would have been up around 20% as operating results continued to be
robust.

CNA booked a $48 million after-tax charge in Q4 related to its legacy asbestos and environmental pollution
reserves, which reduced our net income by $43 million. In last year's fourth quarter, CNA incurred a net
retroactive reinsurance charge that reduced our net income by $24 million. As a reminder, in 2010, CNA
ceded substantially all its legacy asbestos and environmental pollution liabilities to national indemnity,
pursuant to a loss portfolio transfer.

Before turning to the full year, one last observation on the quarter. Average shares outstanding declined
about 6% from last year's fourth quarter, reflecting our ongoing share repurchase activity.

Now for our full year results. We reported net income of $932 million, up 47% over 2018. CNA, Boardwalk
and the parent company investment portfolio drove the increase with Diamond and Loews Hotels posting
year-over-year declines.

Let me start with CNA, whose net income contribution rose 23% in 2019 to $894 million as CNA itself
posted net income of $1 billion. Favorable investment performance propelled the increase. Net investment
income rose, thanks to LPs and common stock investments, while net investment gains swung from losses
in 2018 to gains in 2019. The swing in net investment gains was dominated by the change in market value
of CNA's holdings of nonredeemable preferred stock.

P&C underwriting income was essentially flat year-over-year as better underlying underwriting income
and lower catastrophe losses were offset by a lower level of favorable net prior year development in
2019 than in the prior year. For the year, CNA posted an underlying combined ratio of 94.8, marking its
third consecutive year of improvement. This result included an underlying loss ratio of 61. While CNA has
already made great strides in enhancing its underwriting profitability, it remains laser-focused on further
reducing both its loss and expense ratios.

The long-term care reserve charge taken in the third quarter was the main detractor from CNA's 2019
results. During 2019, CNA unlocked and strengthened its long-term care active life reserves and action it
hadn't taken since year-end 2015. This charge reduced Loews' net income by $151 million. When factoring
in long-term care claims reserve releases in both years, however, LTC reserve actions accounted for a
$133 million year-over-year reduction in CNA's contribution to our net income.

The bottom line is this. CNA's balance sheet is strong, its underwriting performance continues to improve,
with opportunities for further premium growth and combined ratio reduction, and its long-term care
business continues to be aggressively and prudently managed to reduce risk and improve results.

Boardwalk also had a good year, as reflected by the significant increases in its contribution to our pretax
and net income. Since the increase in net income contribution is due in large part to increasing our
ownership from 51% to 100% in July of 2018, I will focus my comments on pretax income. Pretax income
was up $50 million in 2019 to $281 million, as revenues generated by growth projects more than offset
net revenue losses from contract restructurings, expirations and renewals. Also, about half of the year-
over-year increase was from proceeds received when a customer filed for bankruptcy.

The parent company portfolio of cash and investments was the final driver of our year-over-year
improvement. This portfolio generated $188 million of after-tax income in 2019 versus an $8 million loss
in 2018. The beat was almost entirely attributable to returns on equity holdings. The parent company
portfolio of cash and investments averaged $3.9 billion in 2018 and $3.4 billion in 2019.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2020

On the flip side, Diamond and Loews Hotels both showed year-to-year income declines. Diamond had a
tough year, with its pretax loss growing from $226 million in 2018 to $402 million in 2019. Diamond's
2019 can be summarized by 2 statistics: revenue earning days, up 4%; but average daily rate, down
17%. As a result, contract drilling revenues were down 12%, and contract drilling margin declined from
32% to 15%.

Contract drilling expenses were up almost 10%, largely due to the mix of rigs working in 2019 versus
2018 as well as the accelerated amortization of contract preparation costs on several rigs. In 2019,
Diamond invested approximately $325 million in its fleet to ensure its raise continue to be considered top-
tier by customers. The company expects significantly reduced capital spending in 2020. Diamond ended
the year with an undrawn revolver of almost $1.2 billion. Revolver capacity will decline to $950 million
later this year.

Loews Hotels had a strong year operationally, but its contribution to our reported income was impacted
by impairment charges and nonrecurring preopening expenses. The company reported an annual net loss
of $31 million versus net income last year of $48 million. Excluding impairments and other nonrecurring
items, Loews Hotels' net income increased 8% from $49 million to $53 million. Loews Hotels' adjusted
EBITDA, which is defined and disclosed in our quarterly earnings supplement, was essentially flat from
2018 to 2019 at $227 million. However, when properties that Loews Hotels no longer owns are excluded in
both years, adjusted EBITDA was up about 2%.

Turning to the parent company. We continue to maintain an extremely strong and liquid balance sheet. At
year-end, the parent company portfolio totaled $3.3 billion, with 77% in cash and equivalents and 22% in
LP investments and marketable equity securities.

During the fourth quarter, we received $110 million in dividends from our subsidiaries, $85 million from
CNA and $25 million from Boardwalk. For the full year, we received total dividends of $927 million from
CNA and Boardwalk, with CNA contributing $825 million of that amount. Today, CNA declared a $2 per
share special dividend and an increased regular quarterly dividend of $0.37. Combining the 2, Loews will
receive $575 million in dividends from CNA this quarter.

Please note that since Boardwalk is now wholly owned, it will no longer pay Loews a fixed quarterly
dividend and will likely pay an annual dividend toward the end of the year. We currently expect
Boardwalk's dividend to Loews in 2020 to approximate 2019's $100 million.

I would highlight that we have worked diligently over the past couple of years to streamline the parent
company. Net corporate operating expenses, which include investment expenses now netted against
investment income and exclude corporate interest expense, dropped about 20% from 2018 to 2019. While
some of this decrease relates to slightly higher allocations to our subsidiaries, much of it relates to parent
company efficiencies.

We repurchased 8.3 million shares in the fourth quarter for $417 million and 21.5 million shares during all
of 2019 for $1 billion. Since year-end, we have repurchased an additional 3.3 million shares for a total of
$172 million.

I will now hand the call back to Mary.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications
Thank you, David. We'd like to move to our question-and-answer portion of the call. Laurie, would you
please take us through the prompt?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Thank you, Laurie. Our first question is, why doesn't Loews purchase the outstanding public shares of
CNA? What is the benefit of maintaining CNA as a public company?

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

So right now, we believe that the public float in CNA, while small, is very important for a number of
reasons. First of all, it provides transparency, transparency for credit agencies and regulators, which I
think they value very much and they like seeing a public stub for CNA.

Number two, it's a barometer for all Loews shareholders of just what the market is valuing CNA. And I
daresay, if CNA went public, then a lot of people would be asking, why don't we take it public so that they
can actually see what the value of CNA is in the free market.

Additionally, in order to attract the best talent, it's important to have a public shares so that it can be --
those shares can be used for employee compensation plans. And I daresay, if CNA weren't public, if we
didn't have those shares directly reflecting the value of CNA, it might be more difficult to attract the best
and the top talent.

One other thing that I'd add is that as long as Loews owns over 80% of CNA, and right now, it owns close
to 90%, but as long as we own over 80%, we can do our tax consolidation and get all the benefits of
owning 100% of the stock. So there's absolutely no penalty vis-à-vis cash income taxes resulting from
Loews owning 90% instead of 80% of the stock. 90%, I'm sorry, instead of 100% of the stock.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Jim, second question is, what has been the impact of the coronavirus on Loews' hotel business?

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

So at this point in time, it hasn't had much of an impact at all. Yes, the virus is affecting areas like China
and Asia dramatically, but we haven't seen so much of an impact here in the United States. Our hotel
people are continuing to monitor the situation. In terms of inbound travel to Loews Hotels from China,
represents less than 1% of our business. So if the status quo continues to hold, I don't see there being
much effects of coronavirus on our hotel business.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Next question relates to Diamond. What's the role of Diamond in the Loews portfolio?

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

So Diamond may have a big impact, in a GAAP sense, on our Loews' results. But our downside is really
limited to our stake in the company, which today represents less than $1 per Loews Corporation share.
I would say that the current share price, Diamond is really trading more like an option than it is like a
stock. We got into the offshore drilling industry in '89 knowing that it was highly cyclical. When the current
downturn started in '14, we thought we've seen this movie before, having weathered a number of drilling

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2020

cycle downturn. However, this downturn now has lasted much longer than we or I daresay anyone could
have anticipated. Nonetheless, Diamond, the management continues to focus managing its costs and
maximizing earnings potential on the assets through diversification and good operating performance.

One other thing. I think the bearishness in Diamond is really -- has been around just since the beginning
of the year. At the end of last year, oil prices -- West Texas Intermediate was $61 a barrel. It traded up to
$63 a barrel in early January. And now, as you all know, it's down to $50. And I think that moved down to
$50, which was due in large part to the coronavirus and also a sense that the world production capacity
would be a bit higher than demand this year, but not in the future. So those 2 factors have caused a dark
bearishness to overcome the whole offshore drilling industry. I can easily foresee, at some point, oil prices
getting back to the $60 and $65 barrel level. I think that shale oil cannot be -- the growth will not -- in
shale oil production will not grow significantly at those prices. And I ultimately say next year could see
oil prices at the $65 to $70 a barrel level, which would, I believe, lead to significant improvement in the
offshore drilling industry. What happened now is that this is an industry-wide phenomenon. What's going
on is not just affecting Diamond offshore. The low day rates are going to affect all companies. And in
order for day rates to improve, I think we need to see an increase in oil prices, which, as I said, I think, is
coming in, as we say, the fullness of time.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. We want to thank all of you for your continued
interest. A replay will be available on our website, loews.com, in approximately 2 hours. This concludes
the Loews call for today.

Operator
Thank you for participating in the Loews Corporation Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 10, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

