Loews Corporation NYSE:L
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, August 02, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-07-2020 9:21 PM GMT

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
LOEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David B. Edelson
Senior VP & CFO

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate
Communications

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Loews Corporation Second Quarter
2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I will now turn the call over to Mary Skafidas. Please go ahead.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Thank you, Christel, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Loews Corporation's second quarter
earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and company overview may
be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim
Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson.

Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session with questions
from shareholders.

Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are
forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made
or implied in any forward-looking statements. Due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including
those set forth in our SEC filings.

Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly
disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a
brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the
company's filings with the SEC.

During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security
filings and earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Tisch, our CEO. Jim, over to you.

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Mary, and good morning. Loews had a strong quarter across the board with good
performances from each of our consolidated subsidiaries. CNA led the pack with great results, and
Boardwalk continues to benefit from strong natural gas flows. Loews Hotels, while still recovering from
the effects of the pandemic has bounced back smartly especially in the resort markets, and we're starting
to see some pickup from group business well. I'm going to focus my remarks today on CNA and Loews
Hotels.

As for CNA, the company continues to be a success story for Loews. CNA had net income of almost
$370 million in the second quarter of this year, the second highest quarterly net income recorded by
the company in the past 20 years. And more importantly, record high core income for the quarter. The
company's underlying combined ratio decreased by almost 2 points over the prior year's quarter, driven by
improvement in the expense ratio.

CNA's P&C business generated gross written premium growth of 8%, driven by new business growth of
10% and rate increases of 10% for the quarter. CNA had net investment income of $591 million pretax
compared to $534 million in the prior year's quarter. Limited partnerships had a great quarter and the
fixed income portfolio continues to provide consistent earnings even with headwinds from the lower
interest rate environment. In other words, CNA's results were truly strong.

Loews Hotels also had a success story on its hand within the context of its comeback from global
pandemic that devastated the hospitality industry. It's no secret that our hotel company was the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

subsidiary most affected by COVID-19. That being said, over the last few months, Loews Hotels has
continued to see increased demand for leisure travel and is starting to see improving interest for group
travel.

For the second quarter, total occupancy rates for owned and joint venture hotels were almost 58%
as opposed to about 35% during the first quarter of this year. While that is a big jump, obviously, we
still have a ways to go before we hit pre-pandemic occupancy rates. Our resort hotels continue to do
considerably better than our properties in urban settings. All in all, the good news is that by the end of
the second quarter, each and every one of our hotels was open for business, albeit while facing challenges
filling roles at the property level.

As the U.S. economy and the hotel industry continue their recovery, we firmly believe that Loews Hotels
will once again be a growth engine for Loews Corp. Our confidence in the hotel company is a reflection of
our belief not only in its management, but also in its long-term growth strategy.

As a reminder, that growth strategy is built on 2 pillars. The first pillar is the core business of Loews
Hotels, Hotels with 300-plus keys that have ample meeting space. This first pillar takes advantage of
Loews' well-earned reputation for operating hotels that cater to groups. These properties are equally
attractive to leisure customers and offer unique local experiences.

The second pillar of Hotels' growth strategy is its concentration on developing and operating hotels
associated with immersive destinations. Its partnership with Universal Orlando, which spans more than 2
decades, is a great example of the strength of this pillar. As of the end of the second quarter, Loews Hotels
had 9,000 rooms in 8 hotels on the Universal Orlando Resort campus, and all of the properties were open
and performing well.

Loews Hotels has concentrated on adding more immersive destinations where demand for hotel rooms
is strong because of the presence of a built-in demand generator, such as an adjacent sports stadium or
some other attraction. One such hotel that proved to be quite resilient during the pandemic is the Live! by
Loews in Arlington, Texas, which is located a stone's throw away from 2 professional sports stadiums as
well as entertainment venues that draw customers throughout the year.

Another significant differentiator for Loews Hotels is its ability to be both the owner and the operator of its
properties. And when I say owner, I generally mean owner and development partner. It's great when we
can participate in the design phase in order to build a hotel to our exacting standards.

Industry dynamics generally do not allow for companies in the hotel space to perform both the owner and
the operator functions. And as a result, Loews Hotels is a leader within this niche of the market, playing to
these strengths to serve Loews Hotels well, and we believe it will continue to do so.

Currently, there is very little financing available for most hotel developers in the full-service hotel
space. As a result, being a well-capitalized owner operator gives Loews Hotels a distinct advantage
when competing for attractive development projects. As always, Loews Corporation invests alongside
our subsidiaries when it's in the best interest of our shareholders. And we certainly believe that our
investment in Loews Hotels' growth strategy will create long-term value.

Finally, let me update you briefly on share repurchases. From April 1 through last Friday, we repurchased
6.5 million shares of Loews' common stock for just over $350 million. Year-to-date, we've bought back
4.5% of our outstanding shares for $630 million. As I've often said, we believe that Loews still trades at a
significant discount to our view of its intrinsic value. So we'll continue to let our share repurchase activity
speak for itself.

And with that, let me hand the call over to David.

David B. Edelson
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. For the second quarter, Loews reported net income of $754
million or $2.86 per share compared to a net loss of $835 million or $2.96 per share in last year's second

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

quarter. As Jim commented, our second quarter operating results were excellent, driven by CNA and
Boardwalk, both of which had stellar quarters.

While Loews Hotels did post a loss, its business has rebounded more strongly than expected, especially
at its highly desirable resort properties. Our second quarter results, both this year and last year were
impacted by unusual items. Absent these unusual items, which I will describe in a moment, our Q2 net
income rebounded to $316 million this year from $122 million last year.

This year's second quarter included a net investment gain of $555 million before tax and $438 million
after tax on our sale of a 47% stake in Altium Packaging. The investment gain is essentially the sum of the
realized gain on the shares sold and the unrealized appreciation on our retained 53% stake.

Last year's second quarter included a net investment loss related to the bankruptcy and concurrent GAAP
de-consolidation of Diamond Offshore. This loss totaled $1.2 billion before tax and $957 million after tax.
Setting aside these 2 unusual items, all 3 of our consolidated subsidiaries, CNA, Boardwalk and Loews
Hotels recorded materially high or year-over-year net income contributions with CNA leading the charge.

CNA had its earnings call earlier this morning, and I would encourage you to review the transcript for
more details on the quarter. In the meantime, let me highlight a few salient points. CNA contributed net
income of $330 million, up from $135 million in Q2 '20. The 2 main drivers of the year-over-year increase
were higher property casualty underwriting income generated by lower catastrophe losses and higher
underlying underwriting income as well as higher net investment income.

The combination of an 11% year-over-year increase in net earned premium and an almost 2-point
improvement in the underlying combined ratio to 91.4 and led to a 41% increase in CNA's underlying
underwriting gain, which excludes catastrophe losses and prior year development.

Catastrophe losses were modest in the quarter at $54 million pretax in contrast to the elevated level of
catastrophe losses booked in Q2 2020. Last year's second quarter catastrophe losses were $301 million
pretax and included reserves for COVID, civil unrest and weather-related events.

CNA's all-in combined ratio, which includes catastrophe losses and prior year development, improved
by over 15 points from 109.2 in Q2 2020 to 94 this year. The year-over-year increase in CNA's net
investment income was driven mainly by higher returns on its portfolio of limited partnership investments.
In contrast, net investment gains were lower in Q2 2021 than in the prior year quarter.

A quick comment on CNA's second quarter net written premium. While net earned premium across all
property casualty segments rose 11%, CNA's net written premium declined 1% overall and 12% in
commercial. The year-over-year decline in written premium was attributable to a quota share treaty
CNA added to its property reinsurance program during the second quarter. Because the treaty will cover
property policies already in force as well as policies written during the treaty term, CNA recorded a
onetime written premium catch-up that reduced the quarter's net written premium by $122 million,
predominantly in the Commercial segment.

CNA ended the quarter with total assets of $66 billion, shareholders' equity of $12.7 billion and
consolidated statutory surplus of approximately $10.9 billion.

Turning to Boardwalk. Boardwalk contributed net income of $47 million, up from $34 million in Q2 '20. The
main driver of the year-over-year increase was higher natural gas transportation revenue. Boardwalk's
more than 5% increase in net operating revenue was driven by growth projects recently placed in service
and by higher system utilization caused largely by deliveries to LNG markets and power plants. Through 6
months, natural gas transportation throughput increased by 11% year-over-year.

Turning to Loews Hotels. Loews Hotels contributed a net loss of $21 million, a dramatic improvement from
the $72 million net loss posted in Q2 2020. Adjusted EBITDA, which is defined in our earnings supplement
and excludes nonrecurring items, rebounded from a $54 million loss last year to a positive $26 million in
Q2 '21. The year-over-year improvement was driven by a dramatic revenue increase as most properties
were open for the full quarter and all properties were operational by quarter end. Business at resort
properties benefited especially from increased leisure travel.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

Looking backwards, the second quarter of 2020 was exceedingly difficult for Loews Hotels as almost all
its properties suspended operations for most of the quarter. GAAP net operating revenue plummeted 94%
from the second quarter of 2019 and revenue at the company's JV properties, which is not included in
GAAP net operating revenue declined a similar percentage.

For a good snapshot of Loews' steady operational improvement, I would encourage you to review, I
believe it's Page 11, of our quarterly earnings supplement which shows the meaningful increases since Q2
last year in available rooms, occupancy and average daily rate.

A quick comment regarding Diamond Offshore. We included Diamond Offshore as a reporting segment
until its bankruptcy filing and de-consolidation in late April 2020. Our second quarter 2020 results included
a net operating loss of $24 million attributable to Diamond.

Turning to the Corporate segment. Altium has been reported as part of the Corporate segment since we
acquired the company in 2017. Following our sale of a 47% stake, it remains in the Corporate segment,
but is now accounted for under the equity method. The Corporate segment also includes the unusual items
I mentioned earlier, namely a net investment gain this year related to our sale of a 47% stake in Altium
and a net investment loss last year stemming from the bankruptcy and de-consolidation of Diamond
Offshore.

I would note that this year's second quarter results also reflect a $15 million pretax write-off of our equity
investment in Diamond upon its emergence from bankruptcy.

The parent company's investment portfolio generated pretax net investment income of $24 million as
compared to $110 million last year. Last year's results benefited from the significant recovery of the
equity markets in the second quarter, a quarter in which the S&P 500 returned almost 21%. The parent
company portfolio of cash and investments stood at $3.9 billion at quarter end with about 80% in cash
and equivalents.

As Jim mentioned, during the quarter, we repurchased 3.9 million shares of our common stock for $219
million, and we received about $92 million in dividends from CNA. In addition, we received about $410
million in net proceeds from the Altium transaction during the second quarter. After quarter end, we
repurchased another 2.6 million shares of our common stock for $140 million. As of last Friday, there were
approximately 257 million shares of Loews common stock outstanding down more than 8% from June 30,
2020.
I will now hand the call back to Mary.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

Question and Answer

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Thank you, David. Moving on to the Q&A portion of the call. We have a number of questions from
shareholders. Every quarter we encourage shareholders to send us questions in advance that they would
like us to answer on our earnings call. The first question is to Jim. Jim, can you give us Loews' outlook for
CNA?

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

CNA's outlook is extremely bright. Let's take a step back and let's look at the insurance industry
as a whole first. While interest rates are low, the P&C industry continues to have disciplined capital
management. Overall, P&C pricing continues to be healthy. CNA is attracting high-quality new business
and its improving underwriting margins through focused risk [ relation ] and pricing. And let's not forget
CNA's management team is top-notch, and the company continues to attract high-quality professionals.

The company also has a fortress balance sheet, even after paying almost $5 billion in dividends to its
shareholders over the past 5 years. Additionally, CNA's long-term care exposure continues to decrease
with active policies declining by about 1/3 over the past 5 years. Given CNA's strong performance and
future outlook, we believe the company is greatly undervalued.

And speaking of undervalued, when buying Loews' shares, we are always cognizant of what we call the
triple discount. Let me briefly explain what I mean. First, Loews shares trade below our view of their
intrinsic value; secondly, the P&C industry tends to be undervalued compared to the stock market; and
third, CNA trades at a discount to the P&C industry.

Some growth companies trade at 15x revenue, some value companies trade at 12 to 15x EBITDA, that's
EBITDA and not net income. The S&P 500 trades at 20 -- greater than 20x earnings, but some P&C
companies trade at a measly 11 to 12x net income, actual net income which could be distributed directly
to shareholders in the form of dividends. Based on this fact, the undervaluation of the P&C industry seems
crazy to me. And CNA's undervaluation even more so, WTF.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Okay. Thank you, Jim. Next question is over to David. Can you give us an update on Loews Hotels? How
much cash will the company require from Loews Corp. in 2021?

David B. Edelson
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Mary. During our first quarter earnings call, we stated that before considering proceeds from
divestitures or expenditures on new development projects, we expect it to contribute less than $80 million
of cash to Loews Hotels in 2021. This revised estimate was materially lower than our earlier estimates,
given the better-than-anticipated outlook for Loews Hotels' operating cash flow at the end of the first
quarter.

At that time, we had contributed $32 million to Loews Hotels year-to-date. We have made no further
cash contributions since that time to Loews Hotels. Loews Hotels' outlook continued to improve during
the second quarter. We now anticipate that, again, before considering any proceeds from divestitures or
expenditures on new development projects during the second half of the year, Loews Hotels would not
require additional cash from the parent company in 2021.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

I would highlight, however, that if Loews Hotels does close on one or more significant development
opportunities in the back half of this year, we would likely be required to contribute additional cash to the
company in 2021 and for all the right reasons. Thanks, Mary.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Thank you, David. And a good segue into the next question, which is for Jim. Jim, how are you thinking
about the hotel business going forward? Is it time to start looking at potential acquisitions?

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

So Loews Hotels has never stopped looking at for potential acquisitions. Based on current market
dynamics, however, acquiring a new hotel doesn't make economic sense. Not when you compare the long-
term favorable returns, Loews Hotels received by developing its own hotels. Many markets in the U.S.
have older full-service hotels. By building a new hotel with modern spaces or significantly renovating an
existing location, we immediately gain a competitive advantage by offering an attractive new product that
appeals to both leisure guests and to meeting planners.

Over the last 5 years, Loews Hotels has added valuable new properties to its portfolio by building-to-
suit our own exacting standards as opposed to buying already developed hotels. By building-to-suit, we
develop hotels that focus on one or both of our growth strategy pillars, hotels with more than 300 keys
that cater to groups and hotels that operate near built-in demand generators. The first pillar of Loews
Hotels' growth strategy is its well-earned reputation for excellence in the groups and meetings market in
locations attractive to groups as well as to leisure customers. Guests are also attracted by the unique local
experience these properties offer.

The second pillar of growth is Loews Hotels' focused on immersive destinations, such as Universal Studios,
Orlando Campus, where Loews Hotels has 8 hotels with 9,000 rooms. Loews Hotels has pursued additional
immersive destinations where demand for hotel rooms is strong because of the presence of a built-in
demand generator, such as an adjacent sports stadiums or other attractions. Live! by Loews in Arlington,
Texas is one such hotel that has proven to be very resilient during the pandemic. The Arlington hotel is
located near numerous professional sports and entertainment venues.

From 2015 to 2019, Loews Hotels grew adjusted EBITDA from just under $160 million to almost $230
million with healthy margins. 2020 was clearly a very challenging year for our hotel subsidiary and for the
industry. In 2021, Loews Hotels has certainly gained ground. And while we continue to monitor the effects
of the pandemic on the hospitality industry, we believe that over the long term, the hotel company will
once again be a profitable growth engine for Loews Corp.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Great. Thank you, Jim. Next question is for David. David, can you give us what the status is of the
Boardwalk trial?

David B. Edelson
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. Closing arguments took place on July 14, 2021, and the judge is now deliberating. We continue to
believe that we have very strong legal and factual arguments and that the plaintiffs case is without merit.
But as we all know, litigation is inherently unpredictable. And there's really nothing more we can report at
this time.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Okay. Thank you, David, for that update. Jim, the next question is for you. Can you give us your outlook
for inflation and interest rates -- about inflation and interest rates?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

James S. Tisch
President, CEO & Director

So the nice thing about getting questions before the earnings call is that I can prepare a thoughtful
response rather than just wing it, such as the case with the answer to your question, Mary, about interest
rates and inflation.

Let's start with inflation. On the last earnings call, I talked about a cost push and demand pull inflation.
And I said that we are seeing both forms of inflation these days. Today, I want to speak about what
used to be called the cycle of inflation. That was a common term in the '60s through the early '80s when
inflation was much, much higher than it is today.

As you can imagine, the cycle of inflation relates to a dynamic that takes hold in an economy that relates
to increasing prices and the expectation of ever increasing prices, making it such that employees demand
higher wages to maintain their purchasing power and their standard of living. Those higher wages then
translate into higher cost for producers which causes the producers to ask for higher prices for their
products, thus reinforcing the demand for higher wages from labor, and so the cycle begins and feeds
upon itself. I believe that this cycle of inflation is what we are beginning to experience today.

Talent is scarce. Just look at the number of companies that can't find employees for their businesses,
including Loews for its Hotel and Packaging businesses. Certain goods are also scarce. Here are just a
few whose prices have shot up a lot. Computer chips, coffee, polyethylene pellets, tin and aluminum,
soybeans, oil, natural gas and yes, jet fuel. The CRB raw Industrials Index is up by more than 50% from a
year ago. Dishwashers, washing machine, dryers and refrigerators are all on month's long back orders.

Housing prices are up approximately 25%, 25% in the past year. And of course, there's a shortage of labor
in the labor market, a very, very serious shortage. And esteemed economist friend of mine said that, this
year is the 11th time that the core CPI has risen more than 3% in the first 6 months of the year. On 9 of
those 10 previous occasions, core CPI inflation for the full year was at least 6%.

So by that measure, we're on track for inflation of much more than 6%. Because for the first 6 months
of this year, inflation is already at 5.4%. And so it's an easy bet that inflation for all of 2021 will greatly
surpass 6%. I believe that our current labor shortage is not a temporary phenomenon, and it will only be
resolved with significantly higher levels of compensation, causing cost to increase, leading to ever higher
inflation.

I believe that we are now in a cycle of inflation rather than a spurt within an otherwise benign inflationary
period. This year, we are moving from an extended era -- of less than 2% inflation to a year of more than
6% or 7% inflation. And due to increased labor costs, my expectation for inflation in '22 is for significantly
higher inflation than the 2% level we have seen in the recent past. This inflation problem won't go away
by simply wishing it away, especially with the Fed's proverbial foot still on the gas pedal, which, of course,
brings us to interest rates.

The economist, Rudi Dornbusch famously said in the '60s that in economics, things take longer to happen
than you think they will, and then they happen faster than you ever thought that they could. Such as the
case, I believe, with interest rates in the United States. They're too damn low. And the reason that they're
so low is because in the past 1.5 years, the Fed has purchased over $4 trillion of government securities.
That's $4 trillion of government securities that have been taken out of the market. Poof, they're gone.

The Fed has created a squeeze of gargantuan proportions in these securities that has rippled through all
the fixed income markets. The only people that own U.S. fixed income securities are people who need to
own them, like banks and insurance companies, just to name a few.

Traders may dabble in government securities, but investors won't go near them, because there isn't a
bullish case to be made for investing in government securities. Today, the 10-year note yields less than
1.2%. If the rate on those nodes goes up just 13 basis points, a little over a tenth of 1%, then the entire
interest carry on the bond for the year will disappear. That sounds like a miserable investment to me.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

Getting back to inflation. If the inflation rate this year is 6%, and that's a low number, I believe, then the
negative real return on a 10-year note will be minus 4.75%, that's minus 4.75%. Who would want to own
a security that guarantees you'll lose almost 5% of your purchasing power in a single year. Most people
have already decided to either hold cash or move out the risk curve rather than lock in a real loss of such
large proportions.

The issuance of government securities will continue. For this year, the federal deficit is forecast to be $3
trillion, which means there is no end to the supply of government bonds that need to be issued to finance
our government's activities. And with so much issuance of government securities on the way and with a
strong economy and with inflation running so hot and with the negative real yield so unattractive, the Fed
may have little choice but to take their foot off the proverbial gas panel and take away the punch bowl
finally allowing interest rates to rise. There's only so long that the Fed can delay the inevitable and to me
and maybe to Rudi Dornbusch of blessed memory, that time may soon be upon us.

Mary Skafidas
Vice President of IR & Corporate Communications

Thank you, Jim. Thank you for that perspective. And thank you, David. That concludes the Loews call
for today. As always, we want to thank you for your continued interest. Please feel free to reach out to
me with any additional questions at mskafidas@loews.com. A replay will be available on our website,
loews.com, in approximately 2 hours. That concludes the Loews call for the day.

Operator
This does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation and ask that you
disconnect your lines.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

LOEWS CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

