LyondellBasell Industries N.V. NYSE:LYB
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, May 01, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.44

1.47

2.08

1.28

5.99

7.90

Revenue  (mm)

7597.45

7494.00

(1.36 %)

6512.17

28461.23

30235.03

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-01-2020 1:23 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.84

2.76

2.25

1.44

2.74

2.60

1.91

1.47

(3.52 %)

(5.80 %)

(15.11 %)

2.08 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

David Kinney
Head of Investor Relations

Michael C. McMurray
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Aleksey V. Yefremov
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Arun Shankar Viswanathan
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

David L. Begleiter
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Dylan Scott Carter Campbell
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Frank Joseph Mitsch
Fermium Research, LLC

Hassan Ijaz Ahmed
Alembic Global Advisors

Jeffrey John Zekauskas
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

John Patrick McNulty
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Jonas I. Oxgaard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Kevin William McCarthy
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Matthew Robert Lovseth Blair
Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.
Securities, Inc., Research Division

Michael Joseph Sison
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Patrick Duffy Fischer
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Prashant N. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Steve Byrne
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Hello, and welcome to the LyondellBasell teleconference. At the request of LyondellBasell, this conference
is being recorded for instant replay purposes. [Operator Instructions]

I'd now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Kinney, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may
begin.

David Kinney
Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. Hello, and welcome to LyondellBasell's First Quarter 2020 Teleconference. I'm joined
today by Bob Patel, our Chief Executive Officer; and Michael McMurray, our Chief Financial Officer. Before
we begin the business discussion, I would like to point out that a slide presentation accompanies today's
call and is available on our website at www.lyondellbasell.com.

Today, we will be discussing our business results while making reference to some forward-looking
statements and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe the forward-looking statements are based
upon reasonable assumptions and the alternative measures are useful to investors. Nonetheless, the
forward-looking statements are subject to significant risk and uncertainty. We encourage you to learn
more about the factors that could lead our actual results to differ by reviewing the cautionary statements
in the presentation slides and our regulatory filings, which are available at www.lyondellbasell.com/
investorrelations.

Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures, together with other
disclosures, including the earnings release, are also currently available on our website. Finally, I would like
to point out that a recording of this call will be available by telephone beginning at 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time
today until June 1 by calling (866) 397-1431 in the United States, and (203) 369-0538 outside the United
States. The passcode for both numbers is 1160. During today's call, we will focus on first quarter results,
the current environment, our near-term outlook and provide an update on our growth initiatives.

Before turning the call over to Bob, I would like to call your attention to the noncash lower of cost or
market inventory adjustments, or LCM, that we have discussed on past calls. These adjustments are
related to our use of last in, first out, or LIFO accounting and the recent decline in prices of our raw
materials and finished goods inventories. During the first quarter, we recognized pretax LCM charges
totaling $419 million. Comments made on this call will be in regard to our underlying business results,
excluding the impacts of these LCM inventory charges.

With that being said, I would now like to turn the call over to Bob.

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Thank you, Dave, and good day to all of you participating around the world. I hope that you, your
colleagues and your families are all staying healthy during these difficult times. We appreciate you taking
the time to join us today as we discuss our Q1 results.

Let's begin with Slide 3 and review the first quarter highlights. LyondellBasell's business portfolio
continued to deliver relatively resilient performance amid challenges arising from the coronavirus
pandemic, rapidly falling oil prices and deteriorating economic activity. Our global asset footprint,
feedstock flexibility and disciplined financial strategies are serving us well and enabling us to navigate
through these unprecedented market conditions. Our first quarter EBITDA of $1.1 billion, represents a
decline of approximately 12% relative to the fourth quarter and 25% relative to the first quarter of the
prior year. Despite robust demand for our polymers used in consumer packaging and medical applications,
profitability was impacted by soft demand for our transportation fuels and products used in automotive

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

and other durable goods end markets. Events surrounding the coronavirus pandemic and the drop in oil
prices continue to evolve and impact global markets for our products.

Let's turn to Slide 4 and review our approach to mitigate the effects from these headwinds. Currently, all
of our major manufacturing sites are operating. In response to lower demand for certain products, we
temporarily idled production at several small plants in our Advanced Polymer Solutions segment serving
automotive end-markets and appropriately decreased production rates at other plants to match reduced
end-market demand. Industry consultants estimate that petrochemical and refining assets in various
parts of the world are running at 60% to 80% of nameplate capacity. We expect that the majority of
LyondellBasell's capacity will also operate within that range during the second quarter.

Our manufacturing operations have been declared as an essential industry, supporting society's needs
to fight the pandemic in the majority of the regions in which we operate. We implemented best practices
recommended by medical professionals and governmental bodies to protect our employees, contractors,
assets and the communities where we operate around the world while maintaining business continuity with
our customers and suppliers.

Since the activation of our global pandemic response team in late January, we instituted social distancing
practices, escalated our sanitization protocols and increased employee health monitoring at all of our
manufacturing sites. Our office-based employees worked productively from home as the pandemic spread
from Asia to Europe then to the Americas. We are implementing processes to enable a safe and full return
to workplaces as conditions permit around the world. The majority of our 1,000 employees in China are
now back in our plants and offices. I want to thank and acknowledge our over 19,000 LyondellBasell
employees for their tireless innovation, dedication and sense of ownership they have exhibited for our
company during these difficult times.

Since the full extent of the pandemic, the drop in oil prices and the economic downturn remains uncertain.
We are acting on strategies to respond to a range of economic scenarios. Over the past few quarters, we
have been working on meaningful cost-saving initiatives across the company. Those initiatives have been
accelerated. In response to falling demand, we instituted more aggressive inventory management policies.
When combined with lower prices for raw materials and products, we expect these actions will provide a
meaningful release of cash from working capital during 2020.

In order to reduce operational and financial risk, we postponed selected growth projects and planned
maintenance, including slowing construction activities on our PO/TBA plant. We currently expect these
actions will reduce 2020 capital expenditures by approximately 20% from our prior guidance of $2.4
billion to our current outlook of $1.9 billion. During April, strong demand for our investment-grade bonds
enabled us to increase liquidity by $2 billion with a successful offering that resulted in the lowest U.S.
dollar interest rates in the history of our company.

We remain confident that our resilient cash generation and disciplined approach to capital deployment
will serve us well during these challenging times. Our focus on funding the dividend, while remaining
committed to a strong investment-grade balance sheet, plays an integral role to our shareholder value
proposition. We believe that our actions to reduce operating costs, capital expenditures and working
capital will generate sufficient free cash flow over the coming quarters. In the event of a prolonged or
deeper downturn, we will act pragmatically and evaluate all prudent options.

In March, lower oil prices and reduced demand for transportation fuels negatively impacted both
volumes and margins for our Refining segment and our Oxyfuels & Related Products business within the
Intermediates and Derivatives segment. Global shutdowns by automotive manufacturers sharply reduced
demand for our polypropylene compounds within the Advanced Polymer Solutions segment. Consumer-
driven demand for polyolefins used in packaging and health care products supported relatively stable
integrated polyethylene margins in the Olefins and Polyolefins - Americas segment. Lower feedstock
prices resulted in higher integrated polyethylene margins for our O&P - Europe, Asia and International
segment. While we expect that demand for durable goods will take some time to recover, lasting changes
in consumer lifestyles may have beneficial midterm implications for some of our large end-use markets.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

On Slide 5, we show some recent North American market research that suggest changes in consumer
buying habits that could endure beyond the current crisis. As you may have experienced, consumer
stockpiled home pantries as it became clear that societal restrictions were required to slow the spread
of the virus. LyondellBasell felt this surge for our polymers used in consumer packaging to safely deliver
food, medicines and other essential products to households around the world. The need for plastic
packaging increased as society moved from bulk volumes used in workplaces and restaurants towards
smaller package sizes delivered and consumed in the home.

Excessive demand for paper goods has subsided, and thankfully, most stockpiles of home health care
products do not require replenishment. But lifestyle changes are creating a new normal as consumer-
based demand for frozen, dairy and packaged food has risen by approximately 30%. Surveys indicate
that after staying at home during the pandemic, 40% of Americans plan to increase the amount of time
they work from home, and 65% intend to eat at home more often. These changes are likely to increase
demand for the polyolefin packaging that is typically used in these applications.

Let's turn to Slide 6 and review our recent safety performance. LyondellBasell's commitment to
health and safety has become even more relevant to our employees, contractors and communities
during the pandemic. Our employees have continued to deliver top quartile, if not top decile, safety
performance despite numerous potential distractions through these difficult times. Earlier, I mentioned
our precautionary measures to increase the frequency and intensity of our workplace, sanitization, social
distancing practices, health monitoring and self-reporting processes to reduce the spread of the virus
among our workforce. Our processes have proven effective with limited virus spread across our global
employee population. LyondellBasell's manufacturing operations have been designated as an essential
industry to support society's needs during the pandemic.

Let's turn to Slide 7, where we highlight LyondellBasell's role in supplying vital products that support
health care, hygiene and medical needs. For example, our polypropylene resins are used by customers
to produce melt-blown fibers that provide filtration in face masks. Our masterbatch products are used to
produce breathable films. Our polyethylene is used for protective clothing, draping and medical packaging.
And our polypropylene, ethanol, isopropanol, ethylene oxide and propylene oxide are used to make
syringes, tubing, test kits, soaps, disinfectants, medical devices and many other products.

With that, I will turn the call over to Michael, who will lead us through several topics related to our
financial performance.

Michael C. McMurray
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Bob, and good morning, everyone. Slide 8 illustrates our relatively consistent cash flow
performance over the past 5 years. Over the last 12 months, 90% of our EBITDA translated into cash from
operating activities. With approximately $1 billion dedicated to maintaining our assets, our free operating
cash flow remained relatively healthy at $3.8 billion. As you heard from Bob, we are putting a significant
amount of focus on cash generation and liquidity.

Now please turn to Slide 9, where we provide further details on cash generation for the first quarter. You
can see that our business has generated $500 million of cash from operating activities during the first
quarter, down just over $100 million from 1 year ago. During the first quarter, we increased our cash
on hand to $1.8 billion in an abundance of caution with borrowings from our revolving credit, accounts
receivable and commercial paper facilities. Capital expenditures were approximately $660 million as we
continue to move forward on our PO/TBA plant. In the first quarter, we paid $351 million in dividends to
our shareholders.

As Bob mentioned, we have developed strategies to respond to a variety of economic scenarios. Slide 10
outlines the actions we have taken to maximize liquidity. We are increasing cash inflows by accelerating
cost-saving initiatives and reducing working capital. At the end of March, we had $3.2 billion in liquidity.
We further bolstered this liquidity through the successful issuance of $2 billion in senior notes in April at
very attractive long-term rates. With the slowdown of our PO/TBA plant construction, postponement of
growth projects and some deferral of planned maintenance, we will reduce our 2020 capital expenditures

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

by $500 million relative to our prior guidance. In the current uncertain environment, we will prioritize
liquidity over share repurchases and any potential M&A activities.

We have a strong balance sheet and a favorable maturity profile. Slide 11 illustrates the maturities of our
long-term debt portfolio after the April 2020 bond issuance. Proceeds from the issuance will be utilized for
general corporate purposes, including increasing our liquidity and managing shorter-term debt maturities.
With the addition of the new bonds, our weighted average cost of debt remains about 3.8%. Long-term
debt due in 2022 includes $500 million borrowed under our revolving credit facility in the first quarter. This
borrowing, along with other short-term borrowings, were repaid in April from existing cash and proceeds
from our recent bond offering. Our bonds have a well-balanced maturity profile that reduces refinancing
risk in any given year, and the company benefits from a good mix of both dollar and euro-denominated
debt.

Before I turn the call over to Bob, please turn to Slide 12 and allow me to provide an update on the
annual financial modeling guidance that we discussed last quarter. As we mentioned, we are reducing
our 2020 plan for capital expenditures by $500 million to $1.9 billion. Approximately $200 million of the
reduction is associated with profit-generating projects, with the majority coming from the reduced pace of
construction at our new PO/TBA facility. The reduced spending will become evident during the second half
of this year. We remain committed to the completion of our strategic investment in the PO/TBA project and
will resume full activities at the appropriate time. The remaining $300 million of the capital expenditure
reduction is primarily associated with postponements in our planned maintenance schedule. In addition
to CapEx savings, we no longer anticipate EBITDA impacts to the business associated with major planned
maintenance activities for the second half of 2020.

We previously provided a cash interest estimate for 2020. We thought it easier for you to model using
our interest expense for 2020, which is expected to be $410 million. This includes a credit for capitalized
interest of approximately $45 million. 2020 annual depreciation and amortization continues to be forecast
at $1.5 billion.

We are reducing our plan for pension contributions in 2020 by $40 million to approximately $80 million,
and our pension expense remains estimated at $100 million. We are reducing our estimated 2020 effective
tax rate from about 20% to an expectation in the mid-teens. The cash tax rate is expected to remain in
the mid- to high-teens.

The lower effective rate is related to both lower profitability and favorable impacts from the U.S.
Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security or CARES Act. The CARES Act resulted in a higher first
quarter tax expense due to a revaluation of our deferred tax liabilities that was discrete to the first
quarter. The net impact of the CARES Act to the full year is expected to be favorable.

With that, I will turn the call back to Bob for a more detailed discussion of our segment results. Bob?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Thank you, Michael. Let's turn to Slide 13 and review our first quarter performance. As mentioned
previously, my discussion of business results will be in regard to our underlying business results excluding
the impacts of the noncash LCM inventory charges.

Our global footprint and diverse business portfolio continue to provide resiliency in this challenging market
environment. EBITDA for the first quarter was $1.1 billion. Profitability for both the Olefins and Polyolefins
- Americas and O&P - Europe, Asia and International segments were supported by our capability to
switch amongst low-cost feedstocks and robust polymer demand from consumer-driven packaging and
medical applications. Our Refining segment and the Oxyfuels & Related Products businesses within the I&D
segment faced challenging market conditions created by reduced margins and demand for transportation
fuels. The resiliency of our business portfolio continues to benefit from our relatively high participation in
consumer-driven demand for nondurable products and a diverse global manufacturing footprint.

Slide 14 highlights our differential feedstock flexibility relative to our peers at both our United States and
European ethylene cracker assets. We can leverage the most economical feedstocks with respect to raw

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

material costs and prices yielded from products. In North America, our 2 Midwest crackers in Clinton and
Morris were built to utilize low cost, stranded ethane and propane.

On the U.S. Gulf Coast, 3 of our crackers can utilize the full range of feedstocks: ethane, propane, butane,
Y-grade mixed NGLs, condensate and naphtha, while the fourth cracker can flex amongst the most
economical NGLs. This allows us to respond to feedstock prices and alleviate demand pressure on any one
of the feedstocks.

Our cracker system offers distinct advantages relative to new build crackers that can only run ethane. In a
similar way, we have improved our flexibility in Europe with capabilities to run slightly more than 50% of
our [ B2A ] using LPGs and other potentially advantaged raw materials.

On Slide 15, we highlight how this feedstock flexibility can provide advantaged margins for LyondellBasell.
Integrated polyethylene margins in North America fluctuated in the first quarter as the advantage fee
shifted from ethane, propane and butane to naphtha as the price of oil fell during March. We are able
to follow the most economical feedstock to maximize profitability by switching among the raw materials
used in our flexible crackers. In Europe, integrated polyethylene margins in March were the highest we
have seen since 2015. We've been able to maximize value across naphtha, propane, butane and other
advantaged feeds. With significant asset bases in both Europe and North America, LyondellBasell's overall
results are less volatile than if our business was reliant upon only one region.

With our feedstock flexibility in mind, let's review our first quarter results, starting with our Olefins and
Polyolefins - Americas segment on Slide 16. First quarter EBITDA was $477 million, $46 million lower than
the fourth quarter. Profitability was driven by robust demand for polymers used in consumer packaging
and medical applications, which supported improved polyethylene price spreads over ethylene monomer.

Olefins results decreased approximately $110 million compared to the fourth quarter. Margins declined
on lower ethylene sales prices, partially offset by a decrease in feedstock prices. Ethylene operating rates
fell to about 87% for the quarter due to a planned maintenance turnaround for 1 of the 2 crackers at our
Channelview facility.

Polyolefin results increased about $95 million during the first quarter, driven by an improvement in
polyethylene price spread over ethylene of more than $105 per ton, primarily due to lower ethylene costs.

During the first quarter, we advanced on our growth initiatives by launching production at our 500,000
ton per year Hyperzone high-density Polyethylene plant here on the U.S. Gulf Coast. Our Hyperzone
Polyethylene technology provides differential products for applications such as water pipes, industrial
drums and intermediate bulk containers.

We expect a more challenging second quarter with the unprecedented market conditions as a backdrop.
While lower feedstock prices could reduce costs, uncertainties around oil price and weaker underlying
demand could reduce polyolefins prices and volumes. Industry consultants predict that U.S. crackers
will operate at approximately 75% of nameplate capacity during the second quarter, and our assets are
expected to operate in a similar range.

Now please turn to Slide 17 to review the performance of our Olefins and Polyolefins - Europe, Asia and
International segment. During the first quarter, EBITDA was $225 million, $81 million higher than the
fourth quarter. Profitability was driven by lower feedstock prices, increased reliability and higher volumes.
Olefins results increased more than $135 million, driven by an increase in ethylene margin due to lower
prices for naphtha and other feedstocks. Volumes increased as cracker operating rates rose to 95% for the
quarter due to improved reliability. Combined polyolefins results were comparable to the previous quarter.
Polyethylene volume increased 15% over the fourth quarter with increased consumer-driven demand
for packaging due to stay-at-home orders. Polyolefins margins declined, offsetting the improvement in
volume. Reductions in both margins and volumes across our joint ventures contributed to a decline in
equity income of approximately $35 million.

We expect the second quarter to follow similar trends as the Americas with the benefits from lower
feedstock costs muted by lower demand. Our European crackers are expected to operate at 80% to 85%
of nameplate capacity during the second quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Please turn to Slide 18. Let's take a look at our Intermediates & Derivatives segment. First quarter EBITDA
was $281 million, a $48 million decrease versus the prior quarter. Results were affected by a significant
decline in gasoline demand that severely impacted oxyfuels margins beginning in February. First quarter
propylene oxide and derivatives results increased approximately $25 million due to higher volumes and
margins. Intermediate Chemicals increased $15 million, driven by an increase in acetyl margins. Volumes
were lower due to planned maintenance at our Channelview methanol unit. Oxyfuels and Related Products
results decreased approximately $80 million as a result of lower product prices.

During February and March, Oxyfuels margins declined with weaker gasoline demand as global travel
restrictions and stay-at-home orders became more widespread. We expect further declines for the
segment into Q2 as lackluster demand for propylene oxide and polyurethane applications and continued
pressure on oxyfuels demand and margins will likely persist through the second quarter.

On Slide 19, let's review the results of our Advanced Polymer Solutions segment. First quarter EBITDA
was $115 million, $53 million higher than the fourth quarter. Volumes and margins increased with typical
seasonal improvements that were muted by pandemic-related shutdowns in automotive end-markets.
First quarter pretax integration costs were $14 million. Compounding & Solutions results increased
approximately $30 million due to higher margins and volumes. Seasonal volume improvements were
partially offset by declines in automotive end-market demand during March. Advanced Polymers results
increased about $10 million, supported by improved seasonal construction demand.

Our team is making continued progress on the integration efforts related to the 2018 acquisition of A.
Schulman. Integration activities are on schedule to achieve $200 million in forward annual run rate
synergies by the third quarter of this year.

During the second quarter, we expect profitability for the segment to be increasingly impacted by
severe reductions in demand for our polypropylene compounds utilized in automotive end-markets.
As I mentioned, we have temporarily idled production at several of our small plants in response to
manufacturing plant closures across the automotive industry.

Now let's turn to Slide 20 and discuss the results of our Refining segment. First quarter EBITDA was
negative $80 million, $102 million decline versus the fourth quarter of 2019. Results were driven by
a decline in crack spreads and an unplanned outage on our fluidized catalytic cracker unit. In the first
quarter, the MAYA 2-1-1 industry benchmark crack spread decreased to an average of $17.21 per barrel
for the quarter. Unplanned maintenance at our Houston Refinery reduced the average crude throughput
by over 40,000 barrels per day to 226,000 barrels per day for the quarter. The refining market has been
challenged by falling prices and demand for transportation fuels, including gasoline and jet fuel. We
anticipate that these factors will continue to pressure our refining results until societal restrictions ease
and demand for transportation fuels returns to typical levels later in the year. Our fluid catalytic cracker
unit at the refinery returned to service in late April, and we are currently operating the refinery at 85% to
90% of nameplate crude throughput.

Please turn to Slide 21 as we review the results of our Technology segment. During the first quarter,
Technology segment EBITDA was $56 million, a decrease of $82 million compared to the record results
from the fourth quarter of 2019. Catalyst volumes and margins remained steady, while licensing revenue
declined due to fewer revenue milestones during the quarter. Our Technology segment licenses polymer
production technologies for new manufacturing plants that enable subsequent catalyst sales to licensing
customers over the lifetime of the asset. Individual contract terms and the timing of project milestones
results in an uneven pace for licensing revenues. Based on the anticipated timing of upcoming milestones,
we expect that second quarter licensing profitability will return to the higher levels of recent quarters.

Let me summarize this quarter's highlights and outlook with Slide 22. During the first quarter,
LyondellBasell's leading and advantaged assets continued to deliver resilient results. Our foundations in
leveraging our feedstock flexibility, with our low operating costs and high asset utilization, serves us well
during any point in the cycle. We remain consistent with our capital deployment strategy that supports
our dividend with efficient cash generation and disciplined allocation of capital expenditures for required
maintenance and profit-generating growth projects. All decisions are grounded by our commitment to a
strong investment-grade credit rating.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

We anticipate that challenges from the coronavirus pandemic and plummeting oil prices that arose during
the first quarter will extend for much of the year. Demand and margins for transportation fuels will
eventually rebound as various regions emerge from societal restrictions, return to work and regain comfort
with prior travel patterns. Markets for discretionary durable goods will likely take longer to recover from
the downturn. We expect that robust consumer-driven demand for our products in packaging and medical
applications will continue.
LyondellBasell is addressing these challenges by proactively reducing costs, working capital and capital
expenditures while prioritizing and increasing liquidity. Our company is really well positioned to navigate
these challenging markets and emerge stronger with the eventual rebound of the global economy. We are
now pleased take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we do have a question in the queue from John McNulty from BMO Capital
Markets.

John Patrick McNulty
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

So I guess when we look at this recession, it's different than past ones because of the quarantining and
the impact of that or the compounding effect of that. It seems like when the quarantining starts to end,
there's a couple of your businesses, Refining & Oxyfuels, that should kind of snap back pretty quickly. But
how should we think about the rest of the businesses and the potential impact that maybe the quarantine
is having on it, where you might, as that ends, start to get relief maybe earlier than just the broader
macro? Is there a way to think about that?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes, John. So the way we think about it is we have packaging and medical which is probably nearly half of
the company essentially; and then durable goods, auto is probably about 20%, 25%; and then the fuels
and oxyfuels and so on is the remainder. I think that we should see demand improve even further if the
economies are opened because typically, in the summertime, as you know, we see seasonal effects, and
we see increases in demand. So relatively speaking, we could see more of that on the packaging side.
And on fuels, you said it rightly that as people get on the road and drive more, our oxyfuels and refining
business should improve. So kind of the way we're thinking about it is automobile production and demand
will probably be the slowest to return. But it's a pretty small part of our business.

Operator

The next question is from Steve Byrne from Bank of America.

Steve Byrne
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

If your Bora project, the cracker and downstream polyethylene plant, if they were -- if that was onstream
today and you were able to receive naphtha as an internal transfer from your partner's refinery, how
would the integrated margin of that complex compare to, say, your naphtha-based margins in Europe and
your U.S. Gulf margins?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes, Steve. Indeed, if it was running, we'd have decent margins, probably in the $400 to $500 per ton
integrated basis range. You'll recall that the thesis around that investment is about producing in China for
China, and the benefit of that project for us beyond getting a bigger position in China is that the timing
of the investment will be such that when we make our capital infusion, it will be very close to start-up. So
within a quarter or 2. But decent margins today, if it was running.

Operator

Our next question is from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank.

David L. Begleiter
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Bob, just on polyethylene prices. Consultants said they fell $0.04 in April. Do you agree, and they're
calling for another $0.06 in May and June for combined $0.10 decline in Q2. Again, do you agree? Do you
think that's too severe?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes, David. I think even the $0.04, I would say it's -- that may be more of a headline number as opposed
to kind of realized when you look through all of the different end-use segments that we supply.

In terms of the outlook, with ethane price rising like it has, difficult to imagine that you'd have that kind
of a large step down. And again, as I mentioned earlier on the demand side, packaging-related demand
is still very good. We're coming into the summer season. And as different state economies in the U.S.
start to open and outdoor activities actually are safer than indoor activities, and that drives packaging
demand. So if we see some increase in demand seasonally, it seems to me that we have a decent market
environment. And in our case, we're running our assets in olefins and polyolefins in the U.S. at about 70%
today. So pretty decent rate given the kind of environment we're in.

Operator

Next question is from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Bob, wondering if you could talk a bit about the concern that's out there that with lower oil prices we'll
have less associated gas production and therefore, less NGL production. So if gas does go above $3,
$3.50, wherever it goes, what do you think happens to ethane and propane prices?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes. So Vincent, in terms of ethane supply/demand, we're all working to get our arms around what could
happen. But here's the way I think about it. First of all, there's quite a bit that's being rejected today,
maybe as much as 350,000 barrels a day of ethane being rejected. So of course, that rejection would get
shut off. And then in times past, what we've seen is if ethane is still snug and values rise, especially in
the low oil price environment, you'd see feedstock flexibility kick in. And a company like us, which -- who
have a lot of feedstock flexibility, we would tilt more towards liquids and LPGs. And beyond that, some of
the exports could even get shut off for ethane. So it seems to me that what we're really trying to think
through is could we have another spike as opposed to a sustained period of high ethane prices. Because
in the end, we continue to believe that there's an abundance of ethane available in the U.S. and higher
prices will just attract more investment and more supply of ethane over the long term. So it's more about
thinking through transitory effects. And I think a company like ours that has so much feedstock flexibility,
we can manage through that probably better than most.

Operator

Next question is from Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital Markets.

Arun Shankar Viswanathan
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Great. Hope you're all well. I guess I just wanted to ask about polypropylene. So when you look at supply/
demand and what's going on with the compounding and automotive, would you expect -- and then also
feedstocks as well. Would you expect any capacity reductions in polypropylene over the next year or 2?
Maybe just your comment on your outlook for polypropylene.

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Yes. Arun, it could be that some of the high-cost capacity in Europe or U.S. is idled. But more importantly,
what we've observed so far is projects are starting to get delayed, excluding China. But elsewhere in the
world, if you look up in North America and other parts of the world, those are the first signs of change.
And frankly, we're seeing that even in polyethylene. So one of the outcomes of the period that we're going
through is delays in new construction. And I certainly see that in polypropylene.

Operator

Next question comes from PJ Juvekar from Citi.

Prashant N. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Just a quick question. Given the planned shutdowns globally, where are your inventories of polyethylene
and polypropylene? Where are they for the industry? And in this type of environment, usually, converters
begin to destock, anticipating lower prices. Where do we stand on that? And what kind of working capital
do you expect to release given lower raw materials, lower inventories, et cetera?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes. Thank you, PJ. Well, inventory reduction has been a very, very high focus for us over the last 75
days or so. We started reducing inventories back in late February and early March. And so today, for our
polyolefins, we're sitting at 30 days or so of inventory based on lower demand rates. So we've already
adjusted for anticipated lower demand rate and we'll continue to do that. And essentially, what we're doing
is we're short cycling our product wheel to preferentially produce the products where there's high demand.
And only produce to order the areas where we believe there's low demand or low visibility on demand.

And your question about working capital reduction and cash release, we expect about $500 million of cash
release from lower working capital as we work our way through this year. Most of that benefit should come
through in Q2 with a little bit of tailing benefit in Q3.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.

Kevin William McCarthy
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Bob, one of the effects of the pandemic seems to be rapidly changing consumer and government attitudes
towards single-use plastics. What are you observing in that area? And do you anticipate any backlash
reversion that would lead to a structural benefit in addition to the other sort of working and staying at
home, cooking at home benefits that you alluded to in the prepared remarks?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Kevin, we do see some structural benefits, I think, accruing to both polyethylene and polypropylene for
some time given what's happened. Reversal of bag bans on the West Coast, on the East Coast, those could
stay for a while. I think what people are realizing is that there are very significant hygienic benefits to
plastics, and that single-use has benefits. The key thing that we have to remember that won't change is
that the challenge of plastic waste still remains. And I can tell you that we, as a company, have not lost
our focus on that. And I think as an industry, the focus on plastic waste, addressing recycling, increasing
capture of waste before it gets in the environment, that's something that we should continue our focus on
as an industry, and we certainly will continue as a company. And then as single-use applications increase
in demand, I think society can be confident that, that single-use waste won't end up in the environment.
So plastic waste will continue to be an area of emphasis for us.

Operator

Next question comes from Aleksey Yefremov from KeyBanc.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Aleksey V. Yefremov
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Bob, you mentioned that benchmark margins for ethylene, polyethylene in Europe were fairly high, close
to record. At the same time, your EBITDA was up sequentially but below 2019 and 2019 averages. So
A, could you explain why that is? And B, if these benchmarks decline in the second quarter, should your
EBITDA decline less than the benchmark would apply?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Well, so Aleksey, it's probably more about timing during the quarter in terms of the margins. In Europe,
as the oil price declined, we did see a margin expansion. And that's very typical in Europe. And I think
it speaks to, again, the diversity of our asset base. And in a lower oil price environment, we generally
see better contribution from our European assets. We likely will see some margin erosion in Europe as
we work through Q2 and as things normalize a bit more and the new sort of lower oil price environment
sets in. We do expect some margin erosion in Europe. But demand is decent in Europe. Frankly, we're
running our O&P assets at about 80% in Europe today. And as economies over there open up, we think
that going into the summer season, we could run at pretty good rates in this 80% to 85% range through
the summer.

Operator

Next question comes from Duffy Fischer from Barclays.

Patrick Duffy Fischer
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Question just around the differential between, say, U.S. ethane-based and kind of European and
Asian naphtha-based. Obviously, as oils come down on paper, at least, those 2 regions look extremely
competitive. How quickly do you think, as they ramp up some of their production rates, do you think the
by-products from the naphtha will start to readjust to lower levels? So the propylenes, the benzene, the
butadienes, that kind of stuff. Can you walk through how you see that playing out the rest of this year?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes. So Duffy, actually, the byproduct disposition is already playing out. And C4 is -- butadienes
containment is a real challenge. And so our strategy is that we don't want to build inventory on butadiene.
And so we'll crack liquids up to a point where we can move the butadiene and I think that's already
globally been restricting the amount of naphtha that's being cracked. And so we've had -- over the past
10 years, I was thinking about this, that we've had probably 2 or 3 periods like this where a coproduct
disposition became a challenge. Typically, it doesn't last that long. And in the current environment, some
automobile production coming back and people driving and replacing tires should provide some relief. But
I think it will continue to be a constraint through most of this year, especially disposition of butadiene.
And again, our strategy, even in the U.S., where we have significant feedstock flexibility, we will maximize
liquids up to a point where we're not building inventory of C4s.

Operator

Next question comes from Bob Koort from Goldman Sachs.

Dylan Scott Carter Campbell
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

This is Dylan Campbell on for Bob. A question kind of on the cash flow profile. You mentioned kind of
working capital improvement. Would you be able to size that at any degree in terms of how much of those
are your intrinsic improvements versus the decline in oil prices? And then also on CapEx, with kind of $1.1
billion of growth CapEx still embedded in the total CapEx number for the year, is there further room for
that to decline this year?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Dylan, let me answer the question in terms of how we're -- the actions we've taken to increase cash flow.
So as I mentioned earlier, working capital release, we expect to be about $500 million, mostly in Q2 with
some trailing benefits in Q3. CapEx, we've reduced on a cash basis by about $500 million from $2.4 billion
to $1.9 billion. Most of that $500 million benefit will be evenly spread across Q3 and Q4. In addition to
that, we've undertaken -- we've accelerated our cost-reduction initiatives that we started in September of
last year. We expect those to provide additional benefit this year on a cash basis of between $150 million
and $200 million. So when you kind of total all that up between the working capital, the CapEx and the
cash basis cost reduction, we expect that we should boost cash flow this year by about $1.1 billion to $1.2
billion, and the timing will start in Q2 through the end of the year.

Operator

Next question comes from Mike Sison from Wells Fargo.

Michael Joseph Sison
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just sort of a longer-term question. When you think about your EBITDA in olefins, both Americas and
EAI, I think you're going to be down this year, right? And given a lot of the challenges that we have in the
economy. So when you think about in a better volume environment, hopefully over time and rebuilding
that margin over time, can you maybe walk us through the variables between oil and how much volume
recovery comes back in terms of your EBITDA, maybe on a more normalized EBITDA margin basis longer
term?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes. I mean I think in the near term, Mike, we have decent visibility here with Q2 and into Q3. Q4, all
of us are keeping an eye on whether we're going to have another wave of the virus or not. And it's an
unknown, it's something that's difficult to predict. But if I look beyond the pandemic and look beyond the
current period of low oil prices -- I mean if history is an indicator, typically, oil prices do rebound within
24 months. Now at the moment, we also have a lot of inventory to work through. So we're not expecting
significant improvement in oil price for most of this year. But I do think that if you were to look 24 months
out, you could see oil prices at higher levels. Likely, we'll also see project delays and cancellations and I
think -- and some demand improvement, benefit from pent-up demand, which should set up a very good
supply/demand environment 24 months out -- 12 to 24 months out. But our focus is to make sure that we
maximize cash flow and maximize liquidity in the near term. And make sure that we keep our focus on the
long-term projects that we've initiated.

Operator

Next question is from Frank Mitsch from Fermium Research.

Frank Joseph Mitsch
Fermium Research, LLC

I'm glad to hear you're all doing well. Bob, you mentioned that all the major plants are running, although
some of the smaller plants in APS are idle. I'm just curious, I assume you looked at perhaps idling some
polyethylene capacity as others have. Where do you come out on the pros and cons of doing that? And
what would be the likelihood that Lyondell would go that route?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes. We don't -- Frank, we haven't really seen demand decline to a level where we would consider idling
polyethylene capacity. So our sense is that here in April, we're kind of seeing a near-term bottom in
demand because I would imagine that as economies partially reopen directionally, that should help on

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

the demand side. And as I was stating earlier on one of the other questions, that in a partial lockdown or
reduced mobility mode for the rest of the year perhaps, we think that packaging is a beneficiary of that.
So our expectation is that in the U.S., we're going to run kind of 70%, 80% across our assets. And olefins
and polyolefins in Europe, 80%, 85%, and we don't really foresee needing to idle for a long period of time
any polyethylene.

Operator

Next question is from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan.

Jeffrey John Zekauskas
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Bob, when you contemplate the experience of Lyondell, both in its business performance and its share
price during the current recession, does it change your view concerning the distribution of dividend
increase and share repurchase in the future for Lyondell? That is, do you think that your behavior in
allocating your free cash flow in the future will change because of your experience this year?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes. Thank you for that question, Jeff. Well, in the near term, as I mentioned, given lack of visibility
in terms of the outlook beyond Q3, really, our priorities are to maximize liquidity. In terms of capital
allocation, we're very consistent in our view that the dividend is a high priority for us, coupled with
a strong BBB or investment-grade rating, which today is BBB for us. So I don't expect that we would
undertake buybacks given that we're prioritizing liquidity.

Our dividend, we expect that we will recommend the May dividend to our Board. We expect that they'll
approve that dividend for Q2. Given the visibility that we have and the improvements we've made in terms
of working capital, CapEx and the cash cost savings, we think that we can largely cover the dividend for
the full year.

And I think your question, we'll be in a better position to answer when we get to later in the year about
capital allocation. Today, the priority is maximize liquidity, maximize cash flow and all of those will allow us
to continue -- enable us to continue to pay the dividend largely from operating cash flow for the balance of
the year.

Operator

Next question is from Jonas Oxgaard from Bernstein.

Jonas I. Oxgaard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

A question on the refining of the oxyfuels. It seems that the main issues right now is because of the lack
of fuel demand. So can you give us an idea for what should those businesses look like after the lockdown
is over? Crude is still $30, $40 probably. But we're driving again.

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes. So in refining, Jonas, the light-heavy differential is a very, very significant driver for earnings,
followed by diesel cracks. Our refinery, given that it's a heavy crude oil processing refinery and we make
a significant amount of coke as a result, in this environment, it actually favors our refinery because of
the amount of diesel that we produce. We've mentioned in prior earnings calls and other venues that we
expect that our refinery, under more normalized conditions, should earn about $100 million in EBITDA per
quarter. It will be a challenge to get to that level this year because we still need more supply of sour crude
oil. But we do think that the higher level of diesel production as a portion of the total yield favors us in our
refinery. In oxyfuels, we should start to see some benefits from the volume rising. Higher oil price also

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

helps in terms of oxyfuel profitability. So both should directionally improve as the lockdowns are eased and
as activity, at least daily activity, returns to more normal levels.

Operator

Next question is from John Roberts from UBS.

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I'm glad you're all so well. If you were able to switch to 100% heavy feedstocks, would you be able to
place all of the extra coproducts in this soft market?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes. No, we would not be able to do that. And again, butadiene would be probably our greatest challenge
today, and it's what limits us in terms of how much liquids we can crack. Our capability, we have 2
crackers at Channelview that produce about 4 billion pounds of ethylene in total. We can crack all liquids
at those 2 crackers. And in terms of our Corpus Christi cracker, we can crack about 2/3 non-ethane feed.
So we have significant flexibility. But today, we could not place all the C4s. And as I said earlier, we do not
intend to build inventory.

Operator

Our next question is from Matthew Blair from Tudor, Pickering, Holt.

Matthew Robert Lovseth Blair
Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division

Bob, glad to hear you are safe and sound. I just had a question. Could you compare polypropylene
demand with PE demand? Which is holding up better and why?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Matthew, good to hear from you. They're both resilient for different reasons. In polyethylene, the areas
of weakness have been around construction, but we expect that, that's more seasonal, and that will pick
up. In polypropylene, it's more about auto being weak. But on the other hand, it's been offset by the melt-
blown-type of products that are going into PPE for first responders and there's quite a bit of packaging in
polypropylene. If I really had to call one or the other I would say, maybe on the margin, polypropylene is
a little bit weaker than polyethylene just because of the auto content. But both are holding up pretty well.
And as I mentioned earlier, we're running our assets at 70% plus here in the U.S.

Michael C. McMurray
Executive VP & CFO

And Matthew, the only other thing I would add is the export market from North America for polyethylene
isn't as strong as it was earlier in the year. So that's a particular weakness here in the second quarter
anyways until China starts producing for the rest of the world again.

Operator

The final question in the queue is from Hassan Ahmed from Alembic Global Advisors.

Hassan Ijaz Ahmed
Alembic Global Advisors

Bob, wanted to revisit some of the comments you made about your dividend. Having taken a glance at
the 10-K, it seems that as I take a look at the covenants and the like, that if LTM EBITDA -- net debt-to-
EBITDA sort of approaches or exceeds 3.5x, I guess the verbiage was that there are certain restrictions
that are put on dividend outlay. So obviously, LTM kind of looking fairly sort of decent right now. But if this

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

pandemic or certain lockdowns were to last longer, if there was COVID-related sort of lockdowns to pop up
later on as we go through the course of the year, maybe if we start approaching LTM levels of I'd say, close
to 3, slightly north of $3 billion, dividend start becoming a bit more questionable. Just wanted to sort of
hear your thoughts about that.

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes. EBITDA levels at the kind of levels you're describing would be extremely low. But I'll invite Michael to
comment on the covenants.

Michael C. McMurray
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So one thing to keep in mind in regards to the covenants, so you're right. It was -- there is a
covenant related to total debt-to-EBITDA at greater than 3.5x. You'll note from some recent filings if
you've gone through them, we decided it was prudent to actually get credit for cash on sheet. And so
instead of a total debt, it's now a net debt covenant. So again, as Bob said, that outlook from an EBITDA
perspective is pretty dire, and it would probably have to continue for some period of time. And then -- but
I did want to point out that we actually did get some covenant relief as well going from total debt to net
debt.

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Okay. Good. Well, thank you for all your questions. I'd like to close with a few comments. As I mentioned
earlier, we're anticipating and we're ready to address continued challenges as we progress through the
current year. Our consistent focus on cash generation, disciplined capital allocation will serve us well in
this challenging environment. We're leveraging our leading portfolio, advantaged positions to extend our
track record of strong cash generation, profitable growth initiatives and prudent financial policies to deliver
sustainable value for you, our shareholders. So we thank you for your interest in our company and look
forward to updating you in July on our second quarter results.

So with that, we're adjourned. Have a great weekend.

Operator
This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

