LyondellBasell Industries N.V. NYSE:LYB
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, January 29, 2021 4:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.33

2.19

64.66

1.91

4.74

5.61

18.35

7.86

7057.73

7937.00

12.46

7682.57

26815.00

27753.00

3.50

31465.56

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-29-2021 1:29 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.44

0.69

1.13

1.33

1.47

0.68

1.27

2.19

2.08 %

(1.45 %)

12.39 %

64.66 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

David Kinney
Head of Investor Relations

Michael C. McMurray
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Aleksey V. Yefremov
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Arun Shankar Viswanathan
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Bhavesh Mahesh Lodaya
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Kevin William McCarthy
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Matthew Robert Lovseth Blair
Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.
Securities, LLC, Research Division

Michael Joseph Sison
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Patrick Duffy Fischer
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Prashant N. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

David L. Begleiter
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Robert Andrew Koort
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Steve Byrne
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

ATTENDEES

Unknown Attendee

Frank Joseph Mitsch
Fermium Research, LLC

Hassan Ijaz Ahmed
Alembic Global Advisors

Jeffrey John Zekauskas
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Jonas I. Oxgaard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Hello, and welcome to the LyondellBasell Teleconference. At the request of LyondellBasell, this conference
is being recorded for instant replay purposes. Following today's presentation, we will conduct a question-
and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Kinney,
Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.

David Kinney
Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. Hello, and welcome to LyondellBasell's Fourth Quarter 2020 Teleconference. I'm
joined today by Bob Patel, our Chief Executive Officer; and Michael McMurray, our Chief Financial Officer.

Before we begin the business discussion, I would like to point out that a slide presentation accompanies
today's call and is available on our website at www.lyondellbasell.com. Today, we will be discussing our
business results while making reference to some forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial
measures. We believe the forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, and the
alternative measures are useful to investors. Nonetheless, the forward-looking statements are subject
to significant risk and uncertainty. We encourage you to learn more about the factors that could lead
our actual results to differ by reviewing the cautionary statements in the presentation slides and our
regulatory filings, which are available at www.lyondellbasell.com/investorrelations. Reconciliations of
non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures, together with other disclosures, including the
earnings release, are also currently available on our website.

Finally, I would like to point out that a recording of this call will be available by telephone beginning at
1 p.m. Eastern Time today until February 28 by calling (800) 846-0305 in the United States and (402)
998-0543 outside the United States. The pass code for both numbers is 6541.

During today's call, we will focus on the fourth quarter and full year results, the current environment, our
near-term outlook and provide an update on our growth initiatives. Before I turn the call over to Bob, I
would like to call your attention to the noncash lower of cost or market inventory adjustments, or LCM,
that we have discussed on past calls. These adjustments are related to our use of last in, first out LIFO
accounting and the recent volatility in prices for our raw materials and finished goods inventories.

During the fourth quarter, we recognized pretax LCM benefits totaling $147 million compared to LCM
charges of $163 million during the first 9 months of 2020. During the third quarter, we recognized a
noncash impairment charge of $582 million related to our Houston refinery. Comments made on the call
will be in regard to our underlying business results, excluding the impacts of the refinery impairment and
the LCM inventory adjustments.

With that being said, I would now like to turn the call over to Bob.

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Thank you, Dave, and good day to all of you participating around the world. We appreciate you joining us
to discuss our fourth quarter and full year results for 2020.

Let's turn to Slide 3. 2020 was unlike anything we have ever seen or experienced. Oil price volatility,
a global pandemic and an associated recession, to call this year unprecedented would be an
understatement. So before we get into the results today, I want to take a few minutes to provide some
context around our approach to navigating the past year because I think it speaks well to who we are as a
company and the character and talent of our team.

Early in the year as it became clear that the virus was becoming more widespread, our leadership
team established three guiding principles for the short term. Number one, protect our employees and

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

communities; two, keep our commitments to our investors; and three, take actions to strengthen the
company for the future.

In past earnings calls, I've talked about some attributes of our culture, operational and commercial
excellence, cost management and capital discipline. These qualities served us particularly well during 2020
as we bolstered liquidity by rapidly accessing capital markets, minimizing working capital and efficiently
generating cash. Importantly, we honored our commitment to an investment-grade credit rating and
continue to fund dividends and capital investments with cash from operations. As we review our results
today, I hope the outcome of these priorities and the benefits of this culture will be clear.

Beyond the strategy itself, I also wanted to take a moment to acknowledge our global team that delivered
our results. These individuals, both those who were able to work remotely and those who continue to
work on the front lines at our manufacturing sites, form a strong and nimble team. They have my sincere
and deepest gratitude. If the pandemic reinforced anything, it is the value of our products and industry in
serving modern society's needs.

Knowing that the materials produced by our plants go into end products like face masks, medical gowns
and COVID-19 test kits, our team took immediate action to ensure our manufacturing sites would continue
to supply our customers while prioritizing the safety of our workforce. I'm very proud to say that not only
did we continue to operate reliably, but to date, there have been no cases of workplace virus transmission
among our employees.

The last topic I'd like to highlight before we get into the specifics of our results was how our team not
only managed through the immediate challenges but how we also remain focused on our future. During
the year, we advanced our growth agenda through the formation of JVs in China and here on the U.S.
Gulf Coast that provided immediate benefits to earnings. We also made meaningful progress on our ESG
strategy, especially in the areas of eliminating plastic waste and enhancing our efforts in the areas of
diversity, equity and inclusion. Our company believes these initiatives are critical for our future. And
despite the challenges, we maintained our focus on making meaningful progress throughout the year.
Taken together, I hope these examples tell the story of a strong, nimble and focused company that is
building a bright future for our employees, our customers and our shareholders.

Let's turn to Slide 4 and review some of last year's highlights. 2020 earnings were $5.61 per share with
$3.9 billion of EBITDA. This represents a decline of 42% and 32%, respectively, relative to the prior year.
Economists believe that global GDP fell by approximately 4% in 2020, more than double the decline during
the financial crisis in 2009. Considering the severe decline in economic activity during the past year,
LyondellBasell's results proved to be relatively resilient. Our performance was supported by strong and
consistent consumer-driven demand for many of our products, some industry supply constraints and the
recovery in demand for durable goods during the second half of the year. Our Refining and Oxyfuels &
Related Products businesses suffered from the unprecedented decline in demand for transportation fuels
that began during March due to the pandemic.

We efficiently converted EBITDA into cash from operating activities that fully covered both dividends and
our capital investments during 2020. Through rapid access to debt capital markets and aggressive working
capital management, we ended the year with over $5 billion in available liquidity.

Our strong balance sheet served us well by allowing the company to advance on our growth strategies
during this challenging environment. In September, we formed a new integrated olefin and polyolefin
joint venture in China. And only a few short months later, we formed a second joint venture comprised of
newly-built integrated polyethylene assets in Louisiana. Both joint ventures provided immediate benefits to
our fourth quarter profitability.

Despite the challenges of the pandemic, we continue to advance on our substantive and ambitious goals
to develop more circular and sustainable business models for our products that we outlined in our most
recent sustainability report. In December, our QCP joint venture in Europe completed an acquisition that
increased their polyolefin recycling capacity to 55 tons. Our actions during 2020 are prime examples of
our strategy to identify, develop and capture opportunities through business cycles that should provide
significant upside as market conditions continue to improve.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

On Slide 5, you can see that the challenges of the past year did not diminish our relentless focus on
pursuing GoalZERO safety performance. If anything, our employees exhibited an increased sense of
ownership for ensuring workplace safety and hygiene to enable a slight improvement upon our 2019
metrics.

I'm particularly thankful for the progress exhibited by the employees who joined LyondellBasell when we
acquired A. Schulman in 2018. Prior to the acquisition, the recordable injury rate at these facilities was
1.54 per 200,000 hours worked, more than 3x the scale of this chart. Following the acquisition, our new
employees quickly adopted LyondellBasell's safety focus, and injury rates were reduced by more than
50% for 2018 and 2019. In 2020, the injury rate for these facilities was 0.35 and in the top quartile for
our industry. We will work diligently for further improvements in our safety performance to ensure all our
employees, contractors and the communities in which we operate finish the day in the same or better
condition than when they started. In December, we announced the latest step in our progress to increase
utilization of plastic waste as a feedstock to create a more circular economy.

Please turn to Slide 6. As I mentioned, our QCP joint venture with SUEZ acquired Tivaco in Belgium in
December. This acquisition increased the JV's recycling capacity to approximately 55,000 tons per year.
More importantly, the acquisition expands QCP's geographic footprint to increase our capability to produce
premium circular polymers for the local market using locally-sourced plastic waste.

With the increased range of end-use applications from Tivaco's existing product line, QCP will be better
poised to serve brand owners in achieving their ambitious goals for increased utilization of circular
polymers in packaging and other products. The acquisition represents another step in advancing
LyondellBasell's goal to annually produce and market over 2 million tons of recycled and renewable base
polymers by 2030.

With that said, I'll turn the call over to Michael, who will lead us through several topics related to our
financial results.

Michael C. McMurray
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Bob, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 7, and let me begin by highlighting our
track record of improving cash conversion.

The benefits of efficient cash conversion become more apparent during periods of economic downturns
when liquidity provides defense against risk from volatility and uncertainty. Over the past year,
LyondellBasell converted 88% of our EBITDA into $3.4 billion of cash from operating activities. As a result
of the challenging market dynamics in 2020, our business teams took aggressive actions in managing
inventories to drive free cash flow and maximize liquidity to release more than $300 million of cash
from working capital. We are pleased to report that despite the downturn, we've fully funded $1.4 billion
in dividends and our $1.9 billion capital investment program through cash generated from operating
activities in 2020. The $4.20 per share of dividends paid by our company during the year extends
LyondellBasell's track record of consistently paying and increasing our base dividend over the past 10
years.

Let's continue with Slide 8 and review further details of our cash generation and deployment throughout
the year. As you can see, we increased the amount of cash in our balance sheet by approximately $1.4
billion during 2020, to end the year with $2.5 billion in cash and liquid investments. Cash from operations
fully funded a small amount of share repurchases in the first quarter of 2020 as well as the full year's
dividends and capital expenditures.

In 2020, we accessed very attractive debt capital markets to extend maturities of existing debt, fund
acquisitions and bolster liquidity. These borrowings increased gross debt by $3.9 billion relative to the
prior year. A portion of the new bonds funded the $470 million equity contribution for our joint venture
with Bora in China and the $2 billion acquisition of our 50% share of the Louisiana integrated polyethylene
joint venture with Sasol. We incurred about $70 million in pretax cost due to our fourth quarter refinancing
activities. We ended the year with $5.2 billion of cash and available liquidity that enabled us to reduce the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

balance of our term loan by $500 million in January of 2021. We will continue to prioritize deleveraging
over the course of this year, which should allow us to further strengthen our investment-grade balance
sheet.

Before I turn the call over to Bob, let me address some of your annual modeling questions for 2021
on Slide 9. We are planning to invest approximately $2 billion in capital expenditures during 2021.
Approximately $1 billion is targeted towards profit-generating growth projects, with the balance
supporting sustaining maintenance. The majority of the 2021 growth investment is planned for the
construction of the PO/TBA plant in Houston. Work on the PO/TBA project ramped up during the fourth
quarter after slowing down earlier last year to ensure worksite safety and preserve liquidity during the
pandemic. We expect a similar level of capital expenditures for 2022, followed by a modest reduction in
2023 upon completion of the PO/TBA facility.

We have a relatively light planned maintenance schedule for 2021, with only one major cracker turnaround
planned in Europe as well as a few turnarounds in our Intermediates & Derivatives segment. Based
on expected volumes and margins, we estimate that lost production associated with this maintenance
downtime will impact 2021 EBITDA by approximately $170 million. While routine maintenance costs are
expensed, maintenance costs arising from turnarounds of major production units are capitalized and
included in our capital expenditure forecast. The European cracker turnaround will occur in the third
and fourth quarters of 2021 and is expected to impact O&P EAI quarterly EBITDA by $10 million and
$15 million, respectively. Planned maintenance in our Intermediates & derivatives segment is expected
to impact EBITDA by approximately $20 million, $60 million, $35 million and $30 million in the first
through fourth quarters, respectively. We expect 2021 net interest expense to be approximately $430
million after netting capitalized interest of about $90 million. 2021 book depreciation and amortization
is forecasted to be approximately $1.4 billion. We plan to make regular pension contributions in 2021
totaling approximately $100 million with a similar amount of pension expense for the year. We currently
expect our 2021 effective tax rate to be approximately 17%. We expect our cash tax rate will be lower
than our ETR due to an anticipated cash refund, but uncertainties around the timing of that refund do not
allow us to provide a reliable estimate.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob for a more detailed discussion of our segment results. Bob?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Thank you, Michael. Let's turn to Slide 10, which illustrates our quarterly profitability over the past 5
quarters. Unlike a typical year, where LyondellBasell's business portfolio would follow a seasonal trend with
peak earnings occurring midyear, the patterns seen in 2020 are reversed with higher profitability in the
first and fourth quarters. The rebound in profitability since the second quarter has been remarkable as the
global economy proceeds on a path to recovery.

EBITDA in the final quarter of 2020 was $1.3 billion, the highest for any fourth quarter since 2017 and
more than $375 million higher than the prior quarter. The trajectory supports our belief that pandemic-
driven reductions in demand for our products bottomed during the second quarter.

Our Olefins and Polyolefins segments serve strong consumer-driven demand for packaging and nondurable
products throughout the year, while our Intermediates & Derivatives and Advanced Polymer Solutions
segment benefited from improving industrial sector demand for durable goods during the second half of
the year.

We have only seen modest recovery in the demand for transportation fuels. Our Refinery and Oxyfuels &
Related Products businesses continue to experience headwinds from excess capacity and flat demand due
to persistently low global mobility. While we would naturally prefer to see strength in all of the markets we
serve, the geographic and end-market diversity of our product portfolio continues to provide offsets that
helped to dampen business cycles.

Let's turn to Slide 11 and look at the latest thoughts from consultants on the global polyethylene business
cycle. Industry consultants have forecasted that capacity additions, especially in China, could outpace

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

global demand over the next 4 years. These predictions seem reminiscent of forecast from consulting
reports published in 2016 depicted by the dotted blue line, which predicted global operating rates would
dip due to the capacity additions on the U.S. Gulf Coast from 2017 through 2018. The actual operating
rate depicted by the solid line demonstrates that press releases announcing capacity additions often have
ambitious time lines, and typical delays in construction and commissioning can allow consistent demand
growth to absorb capacity additions with less impact on operating rates and margins than predicted.

In addition to delays in capacity additions, we believe recent forecasts underestimate growth in demand.
Early in the pandemic, many predicted declines in PE demand for 2020. By the middle of the year,
forecasts improved to flat demand. Most consultants now believe that global PE demand grew by
approximately 4% in 2020, similar to growth rates seen consistently over the past 30 years. Adjusting
these forecasts to 4% demand growth for both 2020 and 2021 results in a predicted operating rate
depicted in the dotted gray line. If 2021 follows patterns seen after prior recessions and demand growth
rebounds to levels higher than 4%, then operating rates would accordingly move upward. A rebounding
economy that increases 2021 global polyethylene demand by 7% followed by reversion to consultant
forecast of 4% growth thereafter would generate the robust operating rate forecast depicted by the dotted
orange line.

In summary, we believe the next wave of capacity additions will result in operating rates within the
boundaries of a balanced market. The next wave of capacity additions will undoubtedly occur, but we
believe that typical project delays, a few project cancellations and perhaps increased demand from a
recovering economy could contribute to a more orderly absorption of the new capacity by the global
market.

Let's review the fourth quarter results for each of our segments. As mentioned, my discussion will
describe our underlying business results, excluding the noncash impacts of LCM inventory changes and the
impairment of the Houston refinery. I'll begin with our Olefins and Polyolefins Americas segment on Slide
12.

Fourth quarter 2020 EBITDA was $722 million, $318 million higher than the third quarter. Margins
improved on higher pricing driven by higher demand for both olefins and polyolefins. Olefins results
increased $185 million compared to the third quarter of 2020. Margin improved on higher ethylene
and propylene pricing. Volume increased with improved demand. Combined polyolefin results were
approximately $65 million higher than the third quarter, primarily due to an increase in polyethylene
and polypropylene spreads over monomer. For the full year, results decreased by $514 million. Margins
declined for both Olefins and Polyolefins driven by lower prices for olefin coproducts and polyethylene
despite lower feedstock costs.

Lifestyle changes associated with the pandemic drove increases in demand for nondurable packaging and
consumer goods, providing strength in the polyethylene market and increased volumes for ethylene and
polyethylene. Based on strong February orders, increasing seasonal demand and tight industry supply, we
expect robust margins to continue into the first quarter.

Now please turn to Slide 13 to review the performance of our Olefins and Polyolefins Europe, Asia and
International segment. During the fourth quarter, EBITDA was $251 million, an increase of $120 million
compared to the third quarter. Improving demand for polyolefins and a full quarter of contribution from
our Bora joint venture increased both polyolefin volumes and equity income. Olefins results were relatively
unchanged with lower margins due to increased maintenance expense, partially offset by increased
volume. Combined polyolefin results increased more than $20 million driven by higher demand and
volumes from our Bora joint venture. Equity income increased about $60 million, with more than half of
that improvement arising from Bora. Full year EBITDA was $236 million lower than 2019. Margins declined
in both olefins and polyolefins due to lower polyolefin and ethylene prices, outpacing lower feedstock
costs. Polyolefin demand remained relatively stable with increased sales from the start-up of our Bora joint
venture during the fourth quarter. In Europe, we expect typical seasonal improvements as we progress
through the first half of the year.

Please turn to Slide 14, let's take a look at our Intermediates & derivatives segment. Fourth quarter
EBITDA was $196 million, a decline of $49 million from the third quarter 2020. Compressed margins

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

for Oxyfuels & Related Products, driven by weaker gasoline demand and prices, muted the margin
improvement in our Propylene Oxide & Derivatives business.

Fourth quarter Propylene Oxide & Derivatives results increased approximately $25 million due to
significantly higher Asia propylene oxide pricing driven by strong demand and tight market supplies.
Intermediate Chemicals results were relatively unchanged. Oxyfuels & Related Products results decreased
by approximately $10 million as small volume improvements were more than offset by margin declines
due to continued low gasoline prices and higher butane feedstock costs.

During 2020, EBITDA declined $714 million compared to 2019. Margin declined in most businesses,
primarily in the Oxyfuels & Related Products and Intermediate Chemicals businesses. Volumes for most
businesses also declined due to lower demand, partially offset by increased Asia demand for our Propylene
Oxide & Derivatives products.

In the first quarter of 2021, we expect margins to be relatively flat as market tightness in Asia is
alleviated by higher industry supply. Our volumes will be impacted during the first quarter due to planned
maintenance at our Channelview propylene oxide and styrene monomer unit.

Now let's move forward and review the results of our Advanced Polymer Solutions segment on Slide 15.
Fourth quarter EBITDA was $126 million, a $9 million increase over the third quarter of 2020. Volumes
increased with improved demand in the automotive sector, partially offset by lower margins. Results for
both Compounding & Solutions and Advanced Polymer businesses were relatively unchanged. Within
our Compounding & Solutions business, volumes increased as automotive manufacturers ramped up
production. Margins declined as a result of product prices lagging price increases for propylene feedstocks.

Full year EBITDA for the segment was $381 million, a $51 million decline over 2019. Compared to the
prior period, results benefited from an $80 million reduction in integration costs. Volumes declined with
significantly lower automotive, appliance and construction demand, partially offset by higher margins as a
result of product mix. We expect continued recovery in industrial durable goods demand, particularly for
products from our Advanced Polymers business during the spring.

At our Investor Day in 2019, we announced an increased target of $200 million of synergies from the
A. Schulman acquisition. We have successfully implemented our synergy plan, and we are beginning to
capture an annual run rate of more than $200 million, which will become increasingly visible with volume
recovery in the Advanced Polymer Solutions segment.

Now let's dig a little deeper on how the recovery in durable goods demand is playing out in the
polypropylene and compounds markets for our company on Slide 16. China's rapid response to control
COVID transmission and stimulate industrial production resulted in strong demand growth despite the
pandemic. Automotive production in China was up 6% in the fourth quarter compared to the same quarter
last year, and China polypropylene demand for the full year 2020 increased by 10% over 2019.

The strength in durable goods markets is also evident in LyondellBasell's metrics. Our polypropylene
inventory levels had all-time lows in both North America and Europe on strong market demand. In North
America, construction activities increased in the fourth quarter with a 5% year-over-year increase in
demand for single-ply thermoplastic roofing materials that utilize our Catalloy Advanced Polymers.

Looking at our own order books for Polypropylene Compounds, Engineered Plastics and Catalloy within the
APS segment, a nice V-shaped recovery is shown in the chart where the forecast for January suggests a
first quarter that is nearly the same level seen in the first quarter of 2019. Tight markets, low inventory
and strong orders indicate that markets for polypropylene-based durable goods are showing strength
going into the first quarter 2021. The increased demand for our polypropylene compounds, engineered
plastics and Catalloy products should benefit the APS segment in 2021.

Now let's turn to Slide 17 and discuss the results of our Refining segment. Fourth quarter EBITDA was
negative $74 million, a $47 million improvement versus the third quarter of 2020. As I discussed earlier,
this excludes the impact of both LCM and impairment of the Houston refinery in the third quarter. Results
for the fourth quarter were driven by an improvement in margins due to lower fixed costs and improved
margin capture. Improvements in the Maya 2-1-1 industry benchmark crack spread were more than offset

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

by increased costs for Renewable Identification Number of Credits or RINs. Similar to the prior period,
we operated the refinery at about 80% of nameplate crude capacity to match reduced demand with an
average crude throughput of 214,000 barrels per day.

Full year EBITDA was negative $289 million, $224 million lower than 2019. Refining margins were
compressed due to pandemic-driven reductions in demand for gasoline and jet fuel. The Maya 2-1-1
spread was at a historically low point during the year and averaged $12.63 per barrel. 2020 crude
throughput was limited to an average of 223,000 barrels per day as we actively managed operations to
match the reduced market demand.

Refining margins are expected to move sideways until demand for gasoline and jet fuel improves. We plan
to continue operating the refinery at about 80% of nameplate crude capacity during the first quarter. We
remain diligent with efforts to reduce expenses and minimize losses at our Houston refinery, and we'll
continue to evaluate production decisions as the market evolves.

Please turn to Slide 18 as we review the results for our Technology segment. EBITDA was $45 million
during the fourth quarter and was $324 million for the full year. Fourth quarter technology profitability
declined due to a lower number of licensing revenue recognition milestones. Catalyst margins increased
due to inventory mix improvements, partially offset by decrease in volumes as customers manage year-
end inventories. Based on the timing of anticipated licensing milestones and improving catalyst demand,
we expect the first quarter Technology business profitability to improve to a similar level as in the first
quarter of 2019.

Please turn to Slide 19 for a refreshed view of our value-driven growth investments. Our company is
executing on a clear and straightforward strategy to increase free cash flow by harvesting new sources of
EBITDA generation while moderating our capital expenditure budget to $2 billion or less for each of the
next 3 years. The formula is simple. More EBITDA and moderating capital expenditures should improve
free cash flow at any point in business cycles.

Let me summarize the year's highlights and outlook with Slide 20. During 2020, LyondellBasell remain true
to our strategy of capturing value and delivering resilient results at all points in the cycle. We delivered on
our commitments to investors, served our customers and supported our employees while moving forward
on sustainability initiatives. By maximizing cash generation and prioritizing liquidity, we maintained our
investment-grade rating and extended the continuity of our dividend. Demand for consumer-driven goods
remained strong, and durable goods markets are rebounding with increased industrial activity. As global
mobility improves, we expect that demand and margin for fuels from our Refinery and Oxyfuels & Related
Product businesses will follow.

Over the past several years, LyondellBasell has captured opportunities through disciplined and profitable
growth investments, whether building, acquiring or partnering on assets, our company focused on
leveraging our technology, building on our advantages and increasing our earnings capacity. Our path
is clear. LyondellBasell will remain focused on meeting our commitments and pursuing a disciplined
financial strategy. With robust cash generation and ample liquidity, we plan to continue strengthening our
balance sheet and optimizing our portfolio during 2021. We look forward to sharing our progress toward
developing more circular business models for our industry and creating a more supportive culture for our
workforce that will allow all of us to continue delivering sustainable results for years to come.

In summary, our strategy has served us well, and now LyondellBasell is poised to emerge from this
pandemic with more earnings power and free cash flow potential.
We are now pleased to take your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Steve Byrne.

Steve Byrne
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

On the topic of sustainability, I'm curious to hear your estimate of your -- the fraction of your...

Unknown Attendee

Otherwise, everything is good.

Steve Byrne
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Can you hear me okay?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes, yes. Go ahead. There's a bit of background noise. Amanda, perhaps that's on your side. Go ahead,
Steve.

Steve Byrne
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. What fraction of your polyethylene volumes are sold into end markets, where customers are asking
for some type of a sustainable product? I'm curious to hear your view whether this is a push by your
initiatives. Or is this being pulled by the end market customers that you're selling into?

And of that fraction, how would you split it into the 3 buckets that you're working in? You have the
mechanical recycling JV with SUEZ, you have the pyrolysis molecular recycling project and then you also
have the bio-based feedstock project with Neste. Which of those 3 do you think are really driving this? Or
do you think those end market customers are really above the one?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Thank you, Steve. Well, first of all, in terms of how much of our polyethylene demand or customers are
asking for sustainable products, I mean if you think about our sales of polyethylene, more than half of it
goes into packaging, whether it's flexible or blow-molded bottles or those sorts of things. So I think it's
safe to say more than half, probably close to 2/3 over time, we'll want to have sustainable products as
part of the mix that we sell them.

In terms of their preference, for food packaging, clearly, the molecular recycling would be the most
desirable because, essentially, what we're doing is we're creating new feedstock and producing FDA-
approved resin. So our sense is that molecular recycling will be the most important development as we
look at the next 5 to 7 years. But I think mechanical recycling will continue to play a role, and that's where
we're capturing the near-term opportunities. And as you know, we have a molecular recycling pilot plant
that we've built in Italy. We're working -- I had a review with my R&D team, in fact, this week, and they're
working diligently to perfect the technology and get to semi works as soon as possible.

Operator

Our next question comes from Bob Koort.

Robert Andrew Koort

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Bob, I was hoping you could give us an update on how the commercialization of your 2 new JVs is
progressing and maybe some milestones there.

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes, Bob. Things are going very well. So I'll start with Bora. We've staffed up on the marketing side, both
sales and customer service. We have a full-fledged organization, local leadership in China, ramping up
our marketing efforts to sell more directly rather than through trading activities. So we're selling 100% of
the polymer output over there in Bora, and things are going quite well. And I'll tell you, it's increased our
visibility on the market and demand trends. And so all the things we thought would occur when we had a
bigger presence, we're starting to see that.

Sasol JV, we're operating the facility as part of the agreement. We have -- the site manager is a
LyondellBasell employee. He was a site manager of one of our sites here in Houston. The marketing of the
products is just part of our usual marketing that we do on other polyethylene grades that we are already
producing. So my sense is that the integration has been very seamless, and both JVs are really now part
of the system.

Operator

Our next question comes from Arun Viswanathan.

Arun Shankar Viswanathan
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I guess I just wanted to get your thoughts on, again, the polyethylene market as well as the
polypropylene market. So in polyethylene, I guess, conditions have definitely held up a lot better than
what a lot of us had thought. And now with the durables market kind of recovering, I guess do you expect
maybe a little bit of giveback in Q2 as operating rates pick up and we see a little bit more supply coming
to the market? Or do you expect kind of a price resilience? And then in polypropylene, maybe similar
questions. We've seen a real surge in monomer. And so how does that kind of translate to your outlook for
polymer pricing and margins downstream?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Arun, both are very tight. So let me talk about polyethylene first. Speaking for ourselves, and inventory is
still very low. In fact, we're looking for opportunities to build back some inventory. But because demand is
so strong, we're not able to do that.

On the pricing front, January price increase discussions are essentially finished, and the implementation of
the increase is going to occur. The next increase for February is on the table. And likely, there will be very
good discussion about that as well. If you think about markets being tight in January, typically, as we go
into the spring, we see a seasonal uptick in demand. And so I think that supply/demand fundamentals are
going to remain tight through the first half of the year for polyethylene.

Polypropylene, similarly, as you said, propylene prices run up quite a lot, but inventories are still low.
We're struggling to build inventory because demand is so good. And as you said about durables, probably
applies more to polypropylene. As the economic recovery really takes hold in Europe and U.S., I think
we're going to see probably more pull from durable goods end users. So we're quite constructive about
both, frankly. It looks tight through the first half of the year.

And the other thing I would add is there's quite a bit of downtime on -- a planned downtime in the
industry for crackers. So that's going to keep monomer prices probably high through the first half of the
year. There's also a very large PDH turnaround here on the Gulf Coast. So that'll keep propylene pretty
snugged through May, I would imagine.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Operator

Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews.

Vincent Stephen Andrews
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Bob, maybe just a follow-up on the polyethylene demand. In one of the slides, the capacity utilization
slide, you put the scenario out there where demand could grow 7% in 2021. And I'm just wondering if you
could bridge us between the sort of 4% expectation and what would get it up to 7%.

And within that, as a follow-up to one of your earlier comments on sort of expecting the normal seasonal
improvement in demand in the second and third quarter, does the COVID environment minimized that
at all with everybody at home and what have you? Or do you think we'll still see the same seasonality in
demand?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Sure, Vincent. So first of all, what we were trying to illustrate with that chart is that it won't take much for
the operating rates to just go flat from here, 3% additional demand in 1 year. Now typically, in recovery
years, we've seen demand growth above trend line in the first year or even 2, post recessions.

To your question about how do you bridge the 4% to the 7%. First of all, in polyethylene here in the U.S.,
the pipe market has been very, very weak. And if there's an infrastructure bill as oil and gas starts to
come back a bit, I think that could help demand growth here in the U.S. And likely, if there's infrastructure
spending in Europe and China, I mean you could really see that market contribute to bridging the 4% to
7%.

The other is there's still enough durable goods content for industrial demand for, for example, like
industrial bulk containers. As industrial activity picks up, I think we'll see recovery or higher demand rates
for polyethylene. So I don't think it would take much to get to the 7%. And when you factor that in, it
looks like operating rates could stay elevated through -- over the next few years.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mike Sison.

Michael Joseph Sison
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Guys, nice end of the year. Bob, sounds like Schulman worked out really well, I guess, similar to
our browns. So hopefully, you enjoyed the season. But are there any other opportunities for bolt-on
acquisitions, your balance sheet is in good shape, maybe to add to that Advanced Materials segment?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes. So we are pleased with how the APS segment has really evolved. What I'm most pleased about is
that the integration is essentially complete. And so now as we face into recovering markets, the increasing
volume should increase earnings, and we'll see those synergies go straight to the bottom line, and that's
really ahead of us. So the best is still in front of us for APS, hopefully, the same for our browns.

In terms of bolt-on acquisitions, yes, I mean we're -- now that the platform is essentially set, it would
be very natural if we could find opportunities to bolt on and add to the segments that are most attractive
to us. So we're keeping a watchful eye for that, and we'll keep you updated. But given the kind of
acquisitions that are possible, the size will be very modest, and it will be more about just roll-ups.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Kevin William McCarthy
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Bob, with regard to propylene, the 3 explanations that we often hear for supply constraints are low
refinery operating rates, PDH outages and a light feedstock mix yielding diminished quantities of propylene
co-product. Can you speak to those and your view of the sustainability of this tightness in propylene
monomer? Not often we see prices rise $0.22 a pound over a 2-month period, and so I'm just curious to
hear your view on that.

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes, Kevin, it's kind of reminiscent of like 10 years ago when we used to see a lot more volatility. And
generally, when propylene gets close to being sold out, any outage causes these kinds of bursts in price.

I would add a fourth item to your list, which is very robust demand for the derivatives of propylene, not
just polypropylene, but the other propylene derivatives: cumene and derivatives and so on. So we've
really had a strong full from all propylene derivatives, which has helped. I think until the PDH outages or
turnarounds are behind us, I think we're going to have tightness in propylene.

The other thing is propane is very far out today so -- as the economic feedstock. So maybe if propane
cracking returns in the summer when propane gets cheaper, you could see a little bit more propylene
supply come. But my sense is that we have a pretty tight propylene market probably through May.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas.

Jeffrey John Zekauskas
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Bob, I was wondering if you could discuss business conditions in olefins and polyolefins in Europe and
maybe compare them to what they were like in 2019. That is, what is it about the European market in --
going into 2021 that seems to be so strong? And do you see it as sustainably strong?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Sure. Great question. So But you've probably right, Jeff, that there have been higher incidents of COVID in
Europe, lockdowns in various countries. But we've not seen significant impact on demand for polyolefins.
So polyolefins demand has been still very resilient.

If you look at EAI across the board, and of course, a lot of that's Europe if you think about our volume, if
you compare Q1 '21 how our book is building compared to Q1 '19, we expect that ethylene is going to be
up about 15% from Q1 '19 to Q1 '21; polyethylene, up 17%; polypropylene, up 12%, Q1 '19 to Q1 '21. So
it really points to a very resilient demand. And as you look forward into the turnaround season, very heavy
turnaround season also in Europe. In fact, in April, about 13% of the ethylene capacity is expected to be
offline on a planned basis.

So I mean, I think we could see tightness through a good bit of the first half of the year based on demand
hanging in there even when there's a spike of COVID rates in various countries. And as the vaccine is
distributed, I would think all of that will settle down and the demand growth we should see year-over-year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Duffy Fischer.

Patrick Duffy Fischer
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

First question just around polyethylene capacity globally. So how much effective new polyethylene capacity
do you think ran in 2020 versus '19? And then does that number get bigger or smaller on your numbers as
we go into 2020?

And then the second one is with Shell's Pennsylvania plant, when that comes on, just because of its
geographic advantage to some customers, do you think that will be more disruptive than an average plant
that would start up in the Gulf Coast?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes. So Duffy, your first question, 2020 was a pretty heavy year for startups. So including our new
Hyperzone polyethylene plant here in La Porte. I think '21, at least based on the schedules that we've
seen that are publicly available, '21 should be lighter. And then in '22, we'll see more expansions come
through. And that's what's reflected in that supply/demand graph on Page 11 of our earnings materials
or our slides. So I think, again, if you go back to what we talked about in the prepared materials, if we
have recovery kind of growth in '21 at 7% or something, I think we essentially can absorb what's coming
globally.

Your question about the Shell plant that will start up in Pennsylvania, yes, I mean certainly, there will
be temporary dislocation. They'll have to -- they'll find their way into the market. They'll export some
product. But much like when, for example, Sasol started up, it was a 4 quarter or a month or 2 when
these large plants start up. But eventually, as long as kind of the overall demand is such that the supply
is needed, it tends to find its way to where demand is. So I don't expect a massive disruption, but I would
imagine we'll see some bumps when they do start up.

Operator

Our next question comes from Hassan Ahmed.

Hassan Ijaz Ahmed
Alembic Global Advisors

Bob, question around 2 commodities. One on ethylene. As we take a look at the cost curve right now, who
do you think is setting the ethylene price? And the only reason I asked that is that, obviously, we've seen
a major escalation in the price of Chinese coal. So that's one part.

And the other question's around styrene. It seems Q4 volumes are very strong. What are you guys seeing
in the near term as far as the styrene market goes as well?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Okay. So first of all, your question about the price setter, so you're right, the coal price has gone up quite
a lot. So I would say CTO and MTO are probably setting the price. It's quite close. And given the high level
of demand for ethylene derivatives, some MTO-based ethylene is still needed in China. So I would say
those are the price setters.

And your second question about styrene, we've already seen styrene come back off again. So we had a
really nice period in November, early December, but styrene has come back off. I think the way to think
about styrene is when all the units are running, the margins will be pretty weak in styrene. I think when
there are outages, we could see some improvement, but we're not expecting a lot in terms of contribution
from styrene in 2021.

Operator

Our next question comes from P.J. Juvekar.

Prashant N. Juvekar
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Bob, this strong pricing in polyethylene in December, January and February, 3 sort of unseasonal months,
is that driven by global inventory build if underlying demand is flat sequentially from 3Q to 4Q? And if we
did that inventory build, usually converters try to buy ahead of these price increases. So my -- I guess my
question is, are they trying to scramble to buy right now? And if they buy too much, do we end up with
too much inventory in second half?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes. Good question. I mean it is -- the price strength has been somewhat unusual. But I think the supply
side, should be looked at carefully. With the hurricanes that came through the U.S., there were some
unplanned outages in Europe, there was just enough to really firm up the market.

Speaking for ourselves, we can barely keep up with orders, let alone allow any kind of prebuy. So our
team is essentially under pretty strict instructions to not allow prebuy because we simply don't have the
inventory to do it. We're just trying to meet the demand for customers. And many customers are saying,
"Hey, if you're 3 days late, we're going to run out of product." So I think we find ourselves in a really tight
environment. And I think if there's some softness, let's say in February, I can tell you, for us, we're going
to take the opportunity to selectively build back inventory and get ready for the spring season, which we
expect to be robust like usual.

Operator

Our next question comes from David Begleiter.

David L. Begleiter
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Bob, how are you thinking about refining and oxyfuels profitability as the world gets back to normal? And
point two, if it is a normal year, how do you think about the return to earnings of those 2 businesses?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes. I mean we're looking forward to, and both are contributing again. It's been, as you know, a pretty
challenging period. In oxyfuels, we've not had trouble moving the volume, it's just the margins have been
essentially 0. So part of what I think -- how you should think about LyondellBasell is that, that recovery
and the related earnings are still in front of us. So as driving recovers -- we don't even need air travel to
recover back to the original or pre-COVID levels. If driving recovers with vaccinations and more domestic
travel, we could really see both refining and oxyfuels contribute in the second half, and I think that's part
of the earnings growth story as vaccinations become more common.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jonas Oxgaard.

Jonas I. Oxgaard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

I was wondering about your feed slate. Propane spike and the relative profitability seems to have flipped
very rapidly. So question is, what does that do to your Q1 margins? And how is your feed slate evolving
here?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes, it's a good question. So we're really minimizing propane if cracking any at all. We have kind of what
we call a barbell feed slate today. It's ethane and it's liquids. So gas oil, naphtha still look decent. And
so we're either in ethane or we're at the other end of the spectrum. And both are profitable given where
propylene is. And butadiene, it's come off a little bit, but still hanging in there.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Operator

Our next question comes from Alex Yefremov.

Aleksey V. Yefremov
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Bob, so I noticed, typically, U.S. exports, about half, produce polyethylene. When global freight rates
went up, it didn't seem to hurt U.S. polyethylene's supply/demand dynamics but only helped it. Could you
explain why?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Well, so first of all, I mean, I think you have to look at overall demand globally. And if the demand is such
that the supply is needed, we find ways to get -- to meet the demand. Our -- so you may be referring
a little bit to the container dislocations and so on. For us, we've not really been impacted by that much.
We have long-term contracts. We've been able to continue our exports primarily down to Latin America
and Mexico, but also to Asia. So our exports have been uninterrupted and not really impacted by the spot
freight rates or container rates. So we continue this business as usual for us.

Operator

Our next question comes from Frank Mitsch.

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Bob, I wanted to come back to the polyethylene, Slide 11. You mentioned that 2020 global demand growth
was 4%. You guys sold 8%, as I do the math, between the U.S. and Europe. So if you could talk about
your operating rate? I mean, obviously, some of that is a Hyperzone capacity that was added. But I was
wondering where your operating rates were, and if you could say that relative to the industry average in
the sector. And as I'm looking at this chart, is this factoring in any delays whatsoever in terms of Chinese
capacity? Or are you factoring in what the press releases have said there?

Frank Joseph Mitsch
Fermium Research, LLC

Yes, we -- so operating rates in the second half of the year for us in polyethylene were essentially
unconstrained. We ran as much as we could. We had some unplanned downtime in Europe and the U.S.,
but we've essentially been running full since about July, August time frame. And we expect to do that for
the foreseeable future. And yes, the volume growth was related to Hyperzone operating for part of the
year.

Your question about the supply side on that chart on Page 11, we have not put any delays in for Chinese
capacity. So it's essentially -- we're assuming it's going to come on as advertised in IHS. It's really that's
to illustrate the impact of 7% growth versus 4% growth, how close we are to really having -- absorbing all
of the capacity that's in front of us if we just have 1 year of more typical economic recovery type growth
at 7%.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from John Roberts.

John Ezekiel E. Roberts
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

You indicated that the balance sheet focus was going to be on debt reduction. Would it be helpful to your
credit metrics if the Sasol option came earlier to you and you get full access to the cash flow there? Or
would it be better if that comes later, given you've got to focus on getting your debt down right now?

Bhavesh V. Patel
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

CEO & Director

Yes, John, I mean, I think clearly, our focus is to get the debt down now. I don't think that option is going
to come sooner, so I think it's a very low probability. Given kind of the earnings profile, I think we could
manage, but I don't think that's a plausible scenario. So our focus in terms of capital allocation is debt
reduction, first and foremost; modest increases in the dividend; and then perhaps buybacks, but those are
pretty far away, I think.

Operator

Our next question comes from Matthew Blair.

Matthew Robert Lovseth Blair
Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, LLC, Research Division

Bob, could you talk about your net long ethylene position in the U.S.? Are you able to capitalize on this
recent spike-up in spot ethylene? And then also, have you started to export ethylene just given the startup
of some new export facilities?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes. So Matthew, it's -- our Sasol acquisition has been fortunate with the timing because ethylene values
have gone up, and we've increased our merchant position as a result of acquiring half of that facility.
We are not exporting, but we have benefited from the increase in spot price. First and foremost, as you
know, as the spot price moves, it impacts the contract negotiations. So contract price has been moving up.
Most of our formulas have spot contract plans. So we benefit that way. And some of -- quite a bit of the
Sasol volume does have spot sales in it. So we've been able to capitalize on this improvement in ethylene
margins that I think will probably be persistent through most of the first half of the year because of this
very high unplanned turnaround schedule starting in March.

Operator

And our last question comes from John McNulty.

Bhavesh Mahesh Lodaya
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

This is Bhavesh Lodaya for John. When we look at the volume recovery for polypropylene, we are back to
close to pre-pandemic levels. However, we are obviously still going to see demand recovery from some
of the key autos, commercial construction and some of those end markets. So how much of the pre-
pandemic-based demand has now recovered? And then how much of new permanent ongoing demand was
created by the pandemic itself?

Bhavesh V. Patel
CEO & Director

Yes. Great question. So I'm going to give you statistics for the first part of your question, and then I'll talk
kind of qualitatively about the second half. So if you look at our polypropylene volume, I'll tell you how Q1
'21, we think, is shaping up compared to Q1 '19. In the U.S., we're likely up 14% from Q1 '19 to Q1 '21;
and in EAI, up 12%. Another sort of data point is that polypropylene demand in China grew about 10%
from 2019 to '20.

Now your second question about pandemic-related, certainly, the masks and the medical gowns and all of
that has been a pretty important driver. And frankly, I think even after vaccinations are more widespread,
use of masks will still be pretty common, I think, for most of this year and maybe even into next year. So
it's -- I don't have a number for you on what percent of the growth was accounted for by the masks. But
if I were to estimate, maybe 1% to 2% of the growth is related to the masks of the 14% that I mentioned
for the Americas polypropylene growth.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

All right. So I think that was our last question. I'd like to just offer a few closing remarks before I let you
all go. Thank you for hanging in there. So first of all, with the completion of 2020, you've seen a resilient
performance from our company through the first significant downturn since our emergence back in 2010.
Our fourth quarter results have given you a preview of our increased earnings power.

Going into 2021, we have more assets, strong order books, tight markets and rising economic activity,
all of which should provide confidence for continuing improvement into the first quarter. While much of
our industry is scheduling high levels of second quarter maintenance, LyondellBasell's planned downtime
for 2021 is relatively light. Our assets are ready to capture improving seasonal demand. Refining and
Oxyfuels businesses are poised to benefit from increased mobility during the second half of the year. I
think all of this positions us well to increase cash flow and continue to strengthen our balance sheet as we
work our way through 2021.

So thank you for your interest in our company, and we look forward to updating you in about 90 days.
Have a great weekend.

Operator
That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 29, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

