Marathon Oil Corporation NYSE:MRO
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, August 05, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.18

0.22

Revenue  (mm)

1117.23

1143.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-05-2021 12:22 PM GMT

22.22

2.31

0.33

1.08

1.04

1275.57

4803.50

4871.10

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

(0.28)

(0.20)

0.12

0.18

(0.28)

(0.12)

0.21

0.22

NM

NM

75.00 %

22.22 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Dane E. Whitehead
Executive VP & CFO

Guy Allen Baber
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Michael A. Henderson
Executive Vice President of
Operations

ANALYSTS

David Martin Heikkinen
Pickering Energy Partners Insights

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

Neal David Dingmann
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and
Markets, Research Division

Scott Michael Hanold
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Marathon Oil Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Vanessa, and I will be
your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded.

I will now turn the call over to Guy Baber, Vice President of Investor Relations.

Guy Allen Baber
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Vanessa, and thank you to everyone for joining us this morning on the call. Yesterday, after the
close, we issued a press release, a slide presentation and investor packet that address our second quarter
2021 results. Those documents can be found on our website at marathonoil.com.

Joining me on this call are Lee Tillman, our Chairman, President and CEO; Dane Whitehead, Executive
VP and CFO; Pat Wagner, Executive VP of Corporate Development and Strategy; and Mike Henderson,
Executive VP of Operations.

As always, today's call will contain forward-looking statements subject to risks and uncertainties that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. I'll refer
everyone to the cautionary language included in the press release and presentation materials as well as to
the risk factors described in our SEC filings.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Lee, who will provide his opening remarks. We will also hear from
Dane and Mike today before we get to our question-and-answer session. Lee?

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Guy, and good morning to everyone listening to our call today. I want to begin by once again
thanking our employees and contractors for their continued dedication and hard work in putting together
another quarter of outstanding execution. It is their hard work that makes all of the accomplishments that
we will discuss today possible.

The combination of our high-quality multi-basin portfolio, our differentiated execution and our
commitment to capital discipline are driving truly exceptional results for our company. During second
quarter, we generated $420 million of free cash flow, bringing free cash flow generation through the first
half of the year to over $860 million. For our $1 billion full year 2021 capital budget, assuming $65 WTI
and $3 Henry Hub, we now expect to generate $1.9 billion of free cash flow this year. This corresponds
to a free cash flow yield north of 20% at a reinvestment rate of just 35% and a corporate free cash flow
breakeven well below $35 per barrel WTI. A powerful combination of results that we believe differentiates
us against any company in our sector as well as the broader market. We are successfully delivering on all
of our financial, operational and ESG-related objectives. We remain fully committed to capital discipline
and our $1 billion capital program. As I've said many times, our budget is our budget and we won't raise
our spending levels with stronger commodity prices, but will simply generate more free cash flow.

Supported by such strong performance, we have just raised our quarterly base dividend by 25%. This
is the second quarter in a row that we have increased our base dividend. We are also accelerating our
balance sheet objectives, pulling forward achievement of our gross debt target, which will drive a shift
in our return of capital focus toward equity holders. Further, we are enhancing our return of capital
framework, now targeting at least 40% of our annual cash flow from operations to equity holders and
a $60 per barrel WTI or higher price environment, while still retiring future debt at maturity. This is
one of the most significant return of capital commitments to shareholders in our sector. Perhaps most
importantly, everything that we are doing is sustainable. The proof point for the sustainability is our 5-
year benchmark maintenance scenario. We previously highlighted that this scenario can deliver around $5
billion of free cash flow from 2021 to 2025 and a flat $50 WTI price environment. With corporate free cash

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

flow breakeven below $35 per barrel throughout the period. Updating our scenario for a flat $60 per barrel
WTI price deck, highlights the power of our balanced but oil-weighted portfolio and the significant leverage
we have to even modest commodity price support. At $60 flat WTI and an average reinvestment rate of
40%, we can deliver around $8 billion of cumulative free cash flow through 2025 or more than 90% of our
company's current market capitalization.

Integrating our updated capital allocation framework with this maintenance capital scenario, provides clear
visibility to a leading return of capital profile. Over $1 billion of capital return to equity holders per year in
a $60 per barrel environment. And this consistent financial delivery is underpinned by well over a decade
of high return inventory across 4 of the most competitive U.S. resource plays, complemented by our free
cash flow generative EG Integrated Gas business.

Finally, the ongoing pursuit of ESG excellence remains foundational to our strategy. Safety remains our
top priority. Our first half 2021 safety performance as measured by total recordable incident rate stands
at 0.29 and follows on from 2 consecutive years of record setting company safety performance. We have
taken a leadership role in governance, particularly when it comes to reshaping executive compensation.
We have reduced compensation for executives and the Board while also optimizing our framework for
better alignment with shareholders and the financial metrics that matter. This includes the elimination of
all production growth targets as well as the introduction of a cumulative free cash flow target in our long-
term incentive program.

And last but not least, we remain hard at work to reduce our GHG emissions. We continue to make
progress towards achieving our GHG intensity reduction target of 30% in 2021, A metric hardwired into
our compensation scorecard as well as our goal for a 50% reduction by 2025, both of these relative to our
2019 baseline.

With that brief overview, I would like to turn it over to Mike Henderson, our Executive Vice President of
Operations, who will provide an update on our 2021 performance.

Michael A. Henderson
Executive Vice President of Operations

Thanks, Lee. Second quarter operational results were outstanding, demonstrating that we remain
firmly on track to achieve or outperform all of the key 2021 financial and operational objectives that
we established at the beginning of the year. First and foremost, our consistent operational execution is
translating to strong financial outcomes, $1.9 billion of free cash flow generation, assuming $65 WTI and
$3 Henry Hub. A reinvestment rate of approximately 35% and a corporate free cash flow breakeven well
below $35 per barrel WTI. Operationally, we remain disciplined and focused on delivering on all of our
commitments. As Lee mentioned, there is no change to our $1 billion full year 2021 capital budget. Raising
our spending levels is simply not a consideration. We are, however, raising our full year U.S. oil equivalent
production guidance by 5,000 barrels per day or approximately 2%. Our full year oil production guidance
remains unchanged. While full year guidance for CapEx and for oil production remains unchanged, I would
like to address the production profile for the second half of the year.

We now expect third quarter oil production to be relatively flat with the second quarter oil production
of 170,000 barrels per day before an increase during fourth quarter towards the high end of our annual
guidance range. The flat trend in third quarter is largely the result of deferred Bakken production. As a
result, we are taking advantage of our multi-basin model and moving up a few Oklahoma and Permian
wells in our schedule. This action is returns and free cash flow accretive, especially in the current price
environment will be accomplished within our $1 billion capital budget and contributes to the 5,000 barrel
a day increase to our annual oil equivalent production guidance. Our second half capital spending will
be heavily weighted to third quarter. As schedule shifts now make this quarter our peak quarter for
completion activity including a REx multi-well pad in the Texas Delaware oil play. More specifically, we
expect third quarter CapEx to account for approximately 65% of our second half spending or around
$340 million. Relative to peers, our 2021 capital program remains well positioned to continue delivering
industry-leading results. As the top left graphic on Slide 9 shows, for every dollar of capital we are
spending this year, we are delivering more cash flow than any other company in our peer group, a
testament to our peer-leading capital and operating efficiency. We are also delivering top-tier free cash

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

flow, as highlighted by a free cash flow yield of more than 20%. Our 2021 CapEx per barrel of production
on either an oil or oil equivalent basis remains among the lowest in the sector, another indication of our
capital efficiency advantage.

Finally, the strength of our results is driving rapid improvement to our investment-grade balance sheet,
which is already one of the strongest in our peer space.

I will now turn it over to our Executive VP and CFO, Dane Whitehead, who will talk more about our balance
sheet as well as our enhanced return of capital framework.

Dane E. Whitehead
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everybody. My key message today is that we're clearly delivering
on our top financial priorities. We're generating significant free cash flow, bulletproofing our already
investment-grade balance sheet and returning significant capital to our shareholders.

Starting with our balance sheet. Strong operational and financial performance were enabling us to
accelerate all the objectives we previously highlighted. This includes our $4 billion gross debt target, which
will now be achieved in early September, when we close the full $900 million make-whole redemption
of the 2025 maturity. With this balance sheet improvement, we're shifting our return on capital focus
toward equity holders. To be clear, we've already made strong progress this year in returning capital to
shareholders while simultaneously reducing our gross debt, it really has not been an either/or proposition.
We've increased our base dividend in each of the past 2 quarters or by 67% over this period. The
annualized cash interest expense savings from this year's $1.4 billion gross debt reduction will largely
fund our last 2 base dividend increases, allowing us to keep our low corporate free cash flow breakeven
on a post-dividend basis, effectively unchanged at $35 a barrel. Importantly, we're now at a key inflection
point where we can accelerate the return of additional capital to equity holders above and beyond our
sustainable and competitive base dividend.

Our commitment is underscored by our enhanced return of capital framework, which now features a target
to return at least 40% of our cash flow from operations to equity holders, assuming a $60 per barrel WTI
or higher price environment, while also retiring future debt as it matures. To put this commitment into
perspective, at a $60 price and with a maintenance level capital program, this equates to a return of over
$1 billion to equity holders per year, an equity return equivalent of more than 11% of our current market
cap. Though it's premature to discuss the 2022 capital program, at consensus -- a consensus operating
cash flow for Marathon in '22, our target return of capital to equity holders would be over $1.2 billion. This
equates to a 13% return of capital yield, a leading return of capital profile among E&Ps and indeed across
the energy sector at large.

I'd like to emphasize that 40% of cash flow from operations is a minimum equity return target, and so
there's upside potential. At $60 a barrel on a maintenance scenario, we'd still be building cash on our
balance sheet, given our low projected reinvestment rate. And importantly, we don't necessarily have to
wait until 2022 to get started. With the progress we made on our balance sheet and assuming continued
strong free cash flow generation, it's reasonable to expect that we can begin making incremental returns
of capital to our equity holders during the second half of this year in 2021. While we want to be clear and
transparent regarding our commitment to deliver a peer-leading percentage of cash flow from operations
back to shareholders, we will retain flexibility regarding the exact mechanism. Market dynamics change
over time, and this flexibility will ensure that we're returning capital in the most efficient and most
valuable way possible for our shareholders. The specific return of cash mechanism is something we'll
continue to discuss with our Board and with our shareholders, while both buybacks and variable dividends
are on the table, we certainly believe that with the free cash flow yield north of 20% and equity valuations
disconnected from commodity prices, buybacks look like a very accretive option with the potential to
significantly improve our per share metrics. As a reminder, we have $1.3 billion of share repurchase
authorization currently outstanding.

I'll now turn it back to Lee, who will provide his closing remarks.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Dane. To close, I would like to briefly reiterate a few of the key takeaways from our second
quarter and year-to-date results. It should be clear that we have successfully positioned our company to
deliver strong financial performance, not only relative to our E&P peers, but relative to the broader S&P
500 as well. And we can now deliver the strong performance at a wide range of commodity prices. We
are price takers, not price predictors and must be prepared to not only survive but to thrive in a volatile
commodity environment. We are proving this year, we can deliver outsized financial performance versus
the broader market when we experienced commodity price support, highlighted by an expected $1.9
billion of free cash flow generation this year.

Yet perhaps more importantly, we are positioned to deliver a competitive free cash flow yield with the S&P
500 at much lower prices than we see today, all the way down to $40 per barrel WTI oil price. Such is the
power of our sustainable cost structure reductions, our capital and operating efficiency improvements,
which combined to generate our sub-$35 per barrel breakeven. To use Dane's term, we have further
bullet-proofed our investment-grade balance sheet, accelerating both our gross debt and net debt
leverage objectives. And with this balance sheet improvement, we are now at an inflection point for capital
return to equity holders, supported by an enhanced framework that provides clear visibility to a peer-
leading return of capital profile. And all of this is sustainable, highlighted by $8 billion of free cash flow
through 2025 and our $60 per barrel maintenance scenario with the majority of that free cash flow going
back to our equity investors, consistent with our capital allocation priorities.

To close, our company was among the first to recognize the need to move to a business model that
prioritizes returns, sustainable free cash flow, balance sheet improvement and return of capital. We
have also led the way in better aligning executive compensation to this new model and with investor
expectations. We are positioned to deliver both financial outcomes and ESG excellence that are
competitive not just with our direct E&P peers, but also the broader market.
With that, we can open up the line for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

And I see we have our first question from Scott Hanold with RBC Capital Markets.

Scott Michael Hanold
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I think the updated shareholder return plan is pretty interesting and exciting, frankly, if I'm an investor.
And Dane, I think you had made mention of, look, it's something you all don't have to necessarily wait
on until 2022. Can you give us a sense of like how do you think about timing, is this more likely like,
look, once you guys get that debt reduction done in September, that's when you'd look at it. And just
kind of curious on the go-forward plan. Is this something you evaluate once a quarter is done, what the
prices were, what the cash flow is to make that determination? Just -- is there any kind of structure
of just getting a sense of how we're connecting that ultimately, that return with the commodity price
environment?

Dane E. Whitehead
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Scott. So the short answer to the question, I said in my opening comments, is we feel like we
can begin this enhanced return to equity holders in 2021. But let me give you a little more context than
that. So you understand kind of where -- what I'm looking at as to when we start doing that, and then I'll
get on to your question about how do we execute it.

So financial priorities are clear. We haven't changed those, generate corporate returns with significant
sustainable free cash flow, bullet-proof already investment-grade balance sheet and return a significant
amount of capital to shareholders well ahead of schedule on our balance sheet plan. And assuming
continued commodity price support and associated free cash flow, we think we can start to make
incremental returns above our base dividend to equity holders in the second half of this year. On the base
dividend, let me touch on that for a second. We've increased that twice now this year. The cumulative
impact of that is a 67% increase year-to-date. At the same time, we've accelerated gross debt reduction
by $1.4 billion. And there's a synergy there. The annualized interest savings from the gross debt reduction
will essentially pay for the dividend increases. So our post-dividend enterprise breakeven, it's really
holding flat at $35 a barrel as a result of that synergy. So getting the returns to equity holders and
improving the balance sheet, I'd say, walking and chewing gum, mission accomplished but more to come.

So strong operational and financial performance year-to-date and commodity prices allowed us to really
accelerate the balance sheet to get to what I laid out in our last quarterly call as my bogey, which is a
$4 billion gross debt target. We gave notice to the trustee on those 2025 bonds, a $900 million maturity
yesterday that we intend to exercise the make-whole on the entire amount. It'll close on September
3. And so after we do that make-whole redemption on September 3, I would say it will take a bit of
time to rebuild cash to a level where we can manage intra-month sort of working capital swings without
having to lean too heavily on our credit facility. But given the commodity price support we're getting right
now, that should happen pretty quickly. And so with our balance sheet of goals, and goals achieved and
continued supportive commodity prices, we're right there at the inflection point where we can start moving
ahead. And like I said, once -- once we get reasonable cash level, I think of like $400 million is probably a
reasonable amount, and then we can move forward.

In terms of how do we execute on this thing, we've done share repurchases historically and have really
approached it on sort of a ratable basis, thinking about it maybe a quarter at a time, set aside an amount
of cash flow that generally that we've already generated that we want to use to purchase -- repurchase
shares over that period -- it was at 60 or 90 days. And then just execute it ratably sort of dollar cost
averaging into it. And you can do that seamlessly. It allows you to manage your repurchase -- share

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

repurchase limits more easily -- daily limits more easily when you do it that way as opposed to try and
outsmart the market and buy in bulk on big -- in big chunks.

Scott Michael Hanold
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. And just -- I mean, part of that was too is like that you had different payout thresholds depending
on the commodity price outlook. And I was just kind of just like how do you determine like this is a --
we're now looking at a 40% payout versus a 30% payout because, obviously, commodity prices right now
really point to more of a 40%, but obviously, things can fluctuate. So is it on the quarter that was just
accrued or the year that was accrued or just the dynamics that are kind of currently in the market? And I
think you all have a high-class problem. And sort of my second question is that when you look over each
year, you've got $1 billion of cash that could come back to equity holders. Your buyback is $1.3 billion,
your dividend -- base dividends is $150 million. So like you've guided you a lot more in terms of like giving
money back to shareholders. And so obviously, there's a lot of different mechanisms you can look at. But
like how do you think about what the best way to incrementally give back? And I know it's probably a
little premature for that, but if you can give us some structurally on how you think about that high-class
problem of like giving money back?

Dane E. Whitehead
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So I think, Scott, was your second question, is it share repurchases [indiscernible] or variable
dividends?

Scott Michael Hanold
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Yes. I'm sorry, just to be clear, it's -- you've got -- like if you look over a 3- to 5-year period, your
multiples in excess of what your buyback is right now and your base dividend. So there's a lot of room
to do a lot more, right? And so like as an investor or an analyst, how should we think about like how you
guys are thinking about the incremental ways of giving money back?

Dane E. Whitehead
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Okay. Well, let me talk about that first. And then we can come back to are we targeting 40% or 30%
based on fluctuations in commodity price. So buybacks versus variable dividends, it's obviously something
we have discussed frequently with our Board. We engage with shareholders about that on a regular basis.
The bottom line is our clear commitment is to be delivering peer-leading returns back to shareholders
regardless of the vehicle. Both options are on the table and there are pros and cons to each. And here's
how we think about them. In the case of buybacks, with energy equity valuations so disconnected from
commodity prices and our free cash flow yield at north of 20%, buybacks certainly looked like a very
accretive option for shareholders in the current environment.

In fact executed consistently over time, they have the potential to significantly reduce share count and
meaningfully improve all our per share metrics. And we're kind of in a new paradigm, which I think
makes share repurchases feel a little different maybe than they have historically. In the new E&P model
where capital discipline through commodity cycles provides a platform for ratable repurchases over
time, whereas previously in a price -- improving price environment, the call for growth would have sent
the capital to the drill bit or to acquisitions as opposed to back to shareholders. And the other point is
our corporate breakeven has been driven so low that we could continue to generate free cash flow and
execute buybacks at much lower prices and be more countercyclical than we were in the past. And of
course, buybacks are more tax efficient from an investor's perspective compared to dividends. We do -- I
noted in my comments, have a $1.3 billion share repurchase authorization outstanding currently. So that's
readily available to us.

In the case of variable dividends, they're interesting, they make conceptual sense in a cyclical industry,
kind of new, unproven concepts in the, I guess, you'd say, across the U.S. and certainly within our sector.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

The juries out in our minds on whether the stock price will adjust reflect a higher implied yield, in variable
dividend structure. But we do have a couple of peer examples to watch, and we are watching that to see
how that works. So we have flexibility to employ either or both models over time. And I would say there
certainly is the potential for that to change depending on market conditions and what looks like the big --
best value for our investors. I think the share repurchase in the near term seems like a clear winner from
a value perspective. And then we also have the flexibility within the base dividend, Scott, to increase that.
That's -- our target there is to have sort of a 10% of operating cash flow in a pro forma $45 to $50 oil
price environment in our base dividend. And today, we're probably more like 7% to 8%. So we have some
upside on that as well, and we'll continue to think about that.

The -- is it a $60 world and returning 40%? Or is it a $50 world and returning 30% question. I be --
obviously, we're going to have to take a view. We will have quarters behind us when we've generated
cash flow in a certain commodity price environment, and then we'll have a view forward. We'll have a
forward curve and also our outlook. And I think all of that will inform the levels at which we're planning to
distribute cash flow. And in 1 quarter, we decide we're going to dial it back a tad. We can always catch that
up later. This year, we've been well above our target distribution levels, a combination of debt reduction
and base dividend. And I did want to emphasize that point in my opening comments. What we're talking
about here are minimum targets, not maximum.

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

And Scott, maybe if I could just add a couple of just really quick comments here. Obviously, if we have
that excess free cash flow, we can re-up obviously our share repurchase authorization with approval from
our Board, and we've obviously done that in the past. Additionally, as Dane mentioned, there still is that
headroom that resides within our base dividend. And on the 40% versus 30% question, that's something
that's going to be naturally governed by the free cash flow generation in a given month or a given quarter.
And we're going to drive that free cash flow back to our shareholders. And that -- the 30%, 40% is kind
of a natural outcome from that. And as Dane stated, that's a minimum objective. And if you look at the
combination of our gross debt reduction of $1.4 billion and $100 million or so in base dividend this year,
we're obviously well beyond that 40%. So anyway, it's a framework. It's one that we're committed to. I
think what we're trying to, I think, give investors is a strong commitment on the quantum we're going to
get back to our equity holders, a good transparency on timing around that, while also preserving flexibility
to get that back in the most efficient manner possible, which, as Dane said, today, when we look at the
facts and the market certainly, that would appear to be a leaning toward share repurchase.

Operator

We have our next question from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities.

Neal David Dingmann
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Great details on the last question by the way. Dane, my question is really just on the reinvestment rate.
Can you talk a little bit about that, it continues just to impress and I'm trying to think when you go
forward for next year, is this sort of an outcome of just based on the plan? Or is this reinvestment rate
kind of something that you're focused on? I'm just wondering how you're thinking about that.

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. This is Lee, Neal. Certainly, the reinvestment rate is something that we -- as an input into our
planning process and really does reflect not only our commitment to capital discipline and driving
corporate returns but ensuring that we do, in fact, have that incremental cash flow available for
distribution to our shareholders. So that really is a key input. And then, of course, that drives both the
financial metrics as well as quite frankly, the production output that comes from our financial modeling. So
that is the essence of our framework. In fact, that's one of the reasons why we tend to look at that return
back to shareholders as a percent of cash from operations because that, of course, is very consistent with
our reinvestment rate framework as opposed to say, taking a percent of free cash flow, for example.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Neal David Dingmann
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Absolutely. It's very notable on the improved -- continued improvement. And then just last one quick one.
Just you guys continue to be very steadfast on obviously your spend not going up. Does that include what
you -- just any continued comments you can make about any sort of cost, whether that's steel and the
stuff that we've already seen, whether that's other type of in place and all the way to LOE, anything you
could talk about cost and if that's already baked into that -- under that spend?

Michael A. Henderson
Executive Vice President of Operations

Neal, it's Mike here. I'll answer that one. What I'd say at a high level, we are seeing inflation. I think it's
real. But maybe as you were alluding to there, it is understood, and it's factored into our 2021 guidance.
Maybe looking a little bit further afield, when we think about '22, I'd say it's fair to say we still got a lot of
work to do before we prepare to talk about it. Maybe coming back to '21, I think it is a similar message to
what we've conveyed in the past. We're seeing kind of low single-digit inflation this year, and it has been
driven primarily by OCTG. So steel, the raw material availability and even capacity constraints are kicking
in. I think the positive from our perspective is we have pretty much pre-committed to the majority of our
requirements for the remainder of this year. So not really anticipating any further significant pressure in
that area. We have seen a little bit of pressure in other areas like fuels, chemicals, transportation-related
services tied to WTI.

We're seeing some labor challenges were its head from time to time. What I would say is we are
managing to manage all of those, and we're doing that through probably a couple of areas, just increased
competitiveness in tendering. So kind of leveraging more competitive tendering and just manage
competition. I'd also say we're delivering offsetting efficiency improvements in other areas of the business
that's helping us in -- I think ultimately, it's showing up in our metrics. So for example, our completed well
cost per foot performance. We're on track to deliver our targets in Eagle Ford and Bakken this year. And
then the other one would be no change to our capital guidance. I just think it talks to great job that all of
the teams are doing in managing this.

Operator

We have our next question from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

I appreciate you getting me on lead. Well, you've given plenty of detail on the cash return idea, but if
you don't mind I'm going to be on this just a little bit more. And it really gets to the issue of the current
fashion of variable dividends because that's still, I guess, part of your consideration. I just wonder if you
could kind of frame for us how you think about how that creates sustainable value in terms of what the
market might be prepared to price in as repeatable. Because obviously, it's highly subjective versus the
obvious disconnect between where your stock is trading and the cash flow you're generating right now. So
clearly, it's a buyback question. But I'm just wondering if you could be more definitive about why one and
not the other? It seems pretty obvious.

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Well, thanks for the question, Doug. It's a dialogue that we continue to have. But certainly, when
we looked at the facts as presented today, when we look at a stock that's generating a greater than
20% free cash flow yield. When we look at the fundamental disconnect between the equity and the
commodities, when we examine I think, a more capital disciplined business model, coupled with extremely
low breakevens, which kind of takes some of the procyclicality risk out of share repurchases. And certainly,
that would look like the case to beat right now. Variable dividend, as Dane stated, is something that's
relatively new. It -- conceptually yes, it may make sense for a cyclical industry. But as we focus on
financial metrics, particularly per share metrics, there is a natural synergy there, obviously, by going after

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

share repurchase, particularly when those shares are fundamentally undervalued, whether that be on
an internal NAV basis or just on macro indicators from the market side. And so that's what we're really
focused on is -- in a more maintenance type world, how do we continue to improve our free cash flow
yield and our per cash -- our per share cash flow. And we think the strongest mechanism for doing that
and is something that the market can bake in is a very ratable and consistent approach to thoughtful
share repurchases.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

I appreciate it. I know it's been beaten pretty hard on this call, Lee. So I appreciate the answer. If I could
offer just a very quick perspective because I think it is a valid debate that's going on right now. If your
equity value is your unlevered free cash flow minus your net debt, it seems to me that when you take cash
off the balance sheet on a backward looking bases, it actually reduces your equity volume. Just something
to think about. My follow-up is hopefully a quick one. Dane, the balance sheet is obviously moving into
terrific shape. How does that change your thinking about the need for policy or philosophy around hedging
going forward? And I'll leave it there.

Dane E. Whitehead
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, that's a great question. It definitely factors into our thinking on hedging. Really hedging is one
element of sort of overall enterprise risk management and the less stress your balance sheet can get in a
lower commodity price environment, it kind of takes the real strong impetus out of being heavily hedged.
It's still a tool in the toolkit for us. We've been fairly circumspect about entering into new hedges in 2022.
We've just kind of dipped our toe into the water there, given the shape of the curve, which we just haven't
wanted to go in a whole hog. And I think that's been -- it's borne out to be a good judgment so far. But I
expect us to be hedgers, but not heavy hedgers going forward and we're methodical about it.

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I would just maybe add to that, Doug, that there are some structural things that allow us to approach
our hedge book a little bit differently and ensure that we can take advantage of upside performance in the
commodity. I mean, Dane mentioned, obviously, our balance sheet, our cost structure, the fact that we do
have a peer-leading free cash flow breakeven, but I'd also mention our diversified portfolio. Not just the
multi-basin nature of it, but the fact that it's an oil-weighted but very balanced portfolio. It's pretty much
50% oil, 50% gas and NGLs. And so that gives us a very good balance from a market-facing standpoint.
And all those things combined give us a little bit different approach to commodity risk management that
does allow us to take a bit more risk on the commodity given our torque to oil.

Operator

We have our next question from David Heikkinen with Pickering Energy.

David Martin Heikkinen
Pickering Energy Partners Insights

Still getting used to that. The -- as I was thinking through this interplay between your buybacks and your
dividends, let's say you buy back 10% of your stock, you're trying to balance the 10% of cash flow into
dividends. Should we think about as shares go down, your base dividend basically goes up to keep the
total dollars in that kind of 8% to 10% of operating cash flows. So you really are kind of getting a double
benefit if you balance that through each year as you go forward?

Dane E. Whitehead
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. David, that makes sense, just as you stated it. The synergy that we got from paying down debt and
cutting interest expense and being able to redeploy that to base dividend, you get sort of a similar synergy

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

when you're buying back shares. You're taking shares out of the system. The remaining shares can get
sort of a higher dividend allocated to them. So it all works pretty well once you get it rolling.

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. And importantly, David, and you described it very, very well, that kind of virtuous cycle you described
allows us to keep our enterprise breakeven even including the dividend well below $40, which is critical.
Again, as we just kind of talked about commodity risk management and volatility, we want to make
absolutely sure that we continue to protect that enterprise breakeven. And like you said, as we reduce
the share count, the absolute cost of our dividend load goes down, which provides us more headroom for
those existing shareholders to consider incremental base dividend increases.

David Martin Heikkinen
Pickering Energy Partners Insights

Yes. It keeps the -- that burden of the dividend that some of the larger companies had to cut in the past
off of it.

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Correct.

David Martin Heikkinen
Pickering Energy Partners Insights

That totally makes sense. I was just making sure I was thinking about that right on an annual basis. I like
the model.

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

We will take our next question from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Two questions, please. First, on the taxes resource pay, how many were you going to bring on stream
in the second half? And also that given the much stronger balance sheet, what is the spending for the
exploration program on that the REx going to be over the next couple of years? The second question
is, Lee, you guys are one of the best operators in Bakken and Eagle Ford. And -- but there's a limited
running room for maybe that you think that that's still sufficient. Do you think that it makes sense for the
industry, including you guys to join force with other people in some large-scale joint venture to put all the
acre together in those basins so that the best operator like you guys in Bakken and Eagle Ford, we'll be
wondering that, that will drive significant cost efficiency. Will that be the future for the Shale 4.0 for the
industry?

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Paul, I just want to make sure that we get all your questions and I'll kind of parse them out maybe
around the table. But I think your first question was just around kind of the wells to sales profile as we go
into the second half of this year, and I'll let -- yes, and I'll let Mike address that.

I think your second question was more around just our balance sheet, giving us the ability to look at also
more organic enhancement, resource capture opportunities and how that kind of folded into the business.
And then finally, are there kind of consolidation options within the Bakken and the Eagle Ford and does
that make sense from an efficiency standpoint.

Paul Cheng
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Sorry, Lee on the last question, it's not so much about M&A, but like just a joint venture that you're not
losing, you're just pull the asset together. Because I mean a lot of people don't want to lose the ownership
of the asset. But does it make sense to pull the asset together as a partner that each one still owns the
asset, just that you have the best operator to one each of the basin and with a much bigger asset pay?

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Okay. Got it. Well, let's start with maybe the wells to Shale question.

Michael A. Henderson
Executive Vice President of Operations

Paul, it's Mike here. I think you maybe had a Texas Delaware question in there on the wells to shale.
So I'll answer that one and then I'll give you a little bit of color on the general wells to shale cadence
in the second half of the year. So we've got 3 Texas Delaware wells that we're going to be bringing to
Shale in the second half of this year. More broadly speaking, prior full year guidance, as you probably
recall, we were given $165 million to $215 million was the range of wells to sales that we were looking
at. So midpoint of $190 million. We do expect that now to be a little bit closer to the $200 million range.
We're expecting 50 wells for sales in both the Eagle Ford and Bakken over the second half of the year.
As I alluded to in my prepared remarks, that is going to be weighted to the third quarter for both assets.
And with Bakken probably weighted a little bit more to the third quarter. And then with the production
deferment that we're seeing in Bakken, that is creating an opportunity in Oklahoma and Northern
Delaware. So we're bringing a few wells online there as well in the second half of the year. Hopefully, that
answers the question.

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

On the kind of the balance sheet and resource capture spend, I guess the way that I would think about
that is that we continue to reinvest back in the business. And even within, for instance, our $1 billion
capital program this year, embedded in that, of course, is the Texas Delaware oil play activity that Mike
just highlighted, but also within basin, we continue to do -- to chase opportunities that we refer to as
organic enhancement opportunities that have the ability to either add incremental sticks and/or enhance
the economics of existing inventory that we have in play. And generally speaking, we try to allocate
something on the order of about 10% of our capital program towards those type of resource capture,
inventory life type activities. And that's also even embedded in our kind of 5-year maintenance type
scenario, that same type of approach. And again, as you say, the balance sheet gives us the platform to
take some of that incremental risk on some of those resource capture opportunities.

On the last one, just around the JV structure, JVs have typically -- particularly large-scale JVs, particularly
in U.S. onshore. We have -- don't have a lot of really strong positive benchmarks there. They tend to
really escalate the complexity. We tend to look at JVs or drill-Cos as a maybe a smaller scope opportunity
to look at acreage that likely is much longer dated for us and that we likely won't get to from a value
perspective in the near term. Large scale, I think we want to make sure that we're doing just what you
asked, which is we want to protect the operational excellence that we generate in places like the Bakken
and the Eagle Ford. And certainly, would not want to see that diluted somehow in a JV structure where
some of that control maybe rest away from us. So not saying that all JVs are bad. It's just that we just
can't point to a lot of large-scale JVs in the onshore U.S. that have made a lot of sense for both partners.
So anyway, something that obviously, we'll always consider all options, anything that allows us to continue
to leverage our operational expertise, we certainly want to consider that. But today, I would say that's
pretty far down our list.

Operator

And thank you. We have no further questions in queue. I will now turn the call over to Lee Tillman for
closing remarks.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you for your interest in Marathon Oil, and I'd like to close by again thanking all of our dedicated
employees and contractors for their commitment to safely deliver the energy the world needs each and
every day. And that concludes our call.

Operator
And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes our conference. We thank you for your participation.
You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

