Marathon Petroleum Corporation 

NYSE:MPC
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, May 04, 2021 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(0.71)

(0.20)

Revenue  (mm)

18953.35

22882.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-04-2021 3:14 PM GMT

NM

20.73

0.20

0.04

3.30

21845.85

85500.37

91547.15

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

(1.76)

(1.74)

(1.24)

(0.71)

(1.33)

(1.00)

(0.94)

(0.20)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

NM

NM

NM

NM

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian C. Davis
Executive VP & Chief Commercial
Officer

Brian K. Partee
Senior Vice President of Global
Clean Products

David R. Heppner
Senior Vice President of Strategy &
Business Development

Kristina Anna Kazarian
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Maryann T. Mannen
Executive VP & CFO

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and
Markets, Research Division

Philip Mulkey Gresh
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Prashant Raghavendra Rao
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Raymond L. Brooks
Executive Vice President of
Refining

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Rick D. Hessling
Senior Vice President of Global
Feedstocks

Ryan M. Todd
Simmons & Company
International, Research Division

ANALYSTS

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

Manav Gupta
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the MPC First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. My name is Sheila, and I will be your operator for
today's call. [Operator Instructions]

Please note that this conference is being recorded.

I will now turn the call over to Kristina Kazarian. Kristina, you may begin.

Kristina Anna Kazarian
Vice President of Investor Relations

Welcome to Marathon Petroleum Corporation's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. The slides that
accompany this call can be found on our website at marathonpetroleum.com under the Investor tab.

Joining me on the call today are Mike Hennigan, CEO; Maryann Mannen, CFO; and other members of the
executive team.

We invite you to read the safe harbor statements on Slide 2. We will be making forward-looking
statements today. Actual results may differ. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included
there as well as in our SEC filings.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Kristina, and thank you for joining our call this morning. Before we get into our results for the
quarter, we wanted to provide a brief update on the business.

During the first quarter, our industry continued to struggle with a reduction in global economic activity
and demand for transportation fuels that resulted from the mobility restrictions related to COVID-19
pandemic. As we started the second quarter with the rollout of vaccinations, we still see industry-wide
gasoline demand down around 5% from historical levels and jet demand down around 25% to 30%. To the
extent that a pent-up desire to travel starts to brighten the macro outlook for our business, our team and
our assets are poised to take advantage of these opportunities. But in the meantime, as the challenging
backdrop holds, we'll continue to concentrate on the elements of our business that are within our control.

Our near-term priorities remain the same. Each quarter, we're focused on strengthening the competitive
position of our assets, improving our commercial performance and lowering our cost structure.

Slide 4 highlights some of our actions around our strategic priorities this quarter. First, we're close to
completion on the sale of our Speedway business. Second, we continue to take steps to reposition our
portfolio. Our Board of Directors approved our plans to convert our Martinez asset to a 48,000 barrel
per day renewable facility. We expect commissioning of Martinez to begin in the second half of 2022
with approximately 17,000 barrels per day of capacity. Additionally, we expect to reach full capacity of
approximately 48,000 barrels a day by the end of '23.

In line with our commitment to lowering the carbon intensity of our operations and products, we're
planning to install wind turbine generators at Dickinson facility. Sourcing electricity from wind will lower
the carbon intensity of the renewable diesel product at that facility. We'll continue to seek out the right
opportunities for investing and partnering on renewables and evolving technologies.

Finally, we also continue to exercise strict discipline on how capital and expense dollars are spent. In this
quarter, we were able to hold refining operating expenses roughly flat with the prior quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

I'd like to take a moment on Slide 5 to reinforce our priorities for the proceeds from the sale of our
Speedway business.

As we approach the close of the transaction, we've appreciated the continued dialogue we've had with
many of you. We remain committed to use the Speedway sale proceeds to strengthen our balance sheet
and return capital to MPC shareholders.

An important priority is our commitment to maintain a solid investment-grade credit profile. As we said
before, we intend to maintain an appropriate level of leverage for this business. And recently, Fitch
affirmed our investment-grade credit rating at BBB and improved the outlook for our MPC from negative to
stable.

With respect to debt reduction, we previously indicated $2.5 billion of debt that could be retired with
minimal friction costs. We've repaid approximately $2.1 billion, as was announced, since October
by issuing commercial paper, which we intend to pay down immediately with the proceeds from the
Speedway sale. We'll be thoughtful on how to reduce our debt to minimize costs while not jeopardizing our
investment-grade credit rating.

Within this framework of maintaining a solid balance sheet, we expect the remaining proceeds will be
targeted for shareholder return, and we plan to announce more details around these plans in conjunction
with the closing of the transaction.

Slide 6 demonstrates our execution around lowering our cost structure.

Our refining and corporate cost results this quarter illustrate the impact of the team's commitment to
cost discipline. And while rising utilization will bring variable costs as volume increase, we believe that the
structural cost reductions we have made are sustainable.

While our results reflect our focus on cost discipline, we have not compromised on our commitment
to safely operating our assets and protect the health and safety of our employees, customers and the
communities in which we operate.

As you may recall, 2020 was the company's best performance ever in the area, with nearly 30%
improvement across both process and personal safety rates and our very best environmental performance.
And recently, 4 of our refineries received safety awards from the American Fuel & Petrochemical
Manufacturers trade association. These awards recognize facilities that go above and beyond to keep their
people, facilities and surrounding communities safe. Robinson, Detroit and Anacortes and Dickinson all
demonstrated outstanding safety performance and leadership that set them apart.

Lastly, I'd like to take a moment to provide some comments on our commitment to ESG.

From a strategic standpoint, our focus is to meet the needs of today while investing in the energy-diverse
future. This includes lowering the carbon intensity of our operations and products, expanding renewable
fuels and technologies, conserving natural resources, engaging with stakeholders and investing in our
communities.

We have 3 company-wide targets many of our investors know well: First, a 30% reduction in our Scope 1
and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 2030; second, a 50% reduction in our midstream methane intensity
by 2025; and lastly, a 20% reduction in our freshwater withdrawal intensity by 2030.

Our focus on sustainability is pervasive across everything we do. And to ensure this, our compensation
now includes a sustainability metric in our bonus target weighted at 20%. We've also linked the diversity
metric to compensation in the same way that last year we linked greenhouse gas intensity reductions to
our compensation.

Reflecting our current commitment on ESG, we are pleased for the second consecutive year to have
earned U.S. EPA's ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year Sustained Excellence Award. MPC is the only company
with fuels manufacturing as its primary business to earn this award, and we're very proud of the work our
employees do in this area.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

At this point, I'd like to turn it over to Maryann to review the first quarter results.

Maryann T. Mannen
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Mike. Slide 8 provides a summary of our first quarter financial results.

This morning, we reported an adjusted loss per share of $0.20. Adjusted EBITDA was $1.552 billion for
the quarter. This includes results from both continuing and discontinued operations. Cash from continuing
operations, excluding working capital, was $613 million, which is a nearly $500 million increase since the
prior quarter. This also marks the first time since the start of the pandemic that cash from continuing
operations has been above our quarterly dividend payment, which was $379 million.

Slide 9 shows the reconciliation from net income to adjusted EBITDA as well as the sequential change in
adjusted EBITDA from fourth quarter 2020 to first quarter 2021.

Adjusted EBITDA was nearly $650 million more quarter-over-quarter driven primarily by higher earnings
in Refining & Marketing. As a reminder, both the fourth and first quarter results reflect Speedway as a
discontinued operation.

Moving to our segment results. Slide 10 provides an overview of our Refining & Marketing segment.

The business reported positive EBITDA for the first time since the start of the COVID pandemic with first
quarter adjusted EBITDA of $23 million. This was an increase of $725 million when compared to the fourth
quarter of 2020. The increase was driven primarily by higher refining margins, which were considerably
improved across all regions in the first quarter as compared to the fourth quarter.

Total utilization for refining was 83%, which was roughly flat with the fourth quarter utilization of 82%.

Operating expenses were in line with the previous quarter despite the slight increase in utilization.

Distribution costs were lower by $69 million due to variations in quarter-to-quarter timing of costs.

In March, severe winter storms impacted our industry. We estimate that the cost impact across our
Refining & Marketing business was roughly $39 million this quarter, with an additional $12 million to be
incurred in the second quarter. Although our Galveston Bay and El Paso refineries both had to shut down
for a period of time, neither experienced any significant mechanical damage or safety incidents as the
team was steadfast in safeguarding our operations and ensuring the safety of our employees and the
surrounding communities. El Paso was able to quickly resume operations, and Galveston Bay was able to
begin its planned turnaround during the period. The efforts of our people during this time demonstrate the
values that are integral to the way we conduct our business.

Slide 11 shows the change in our Midstream EBITDA versus the fourth quarter of 2020.

Our Midstream segment continues to demonstrate earnings resiliency and stability with consistent results
from the previous quarter. Here again, the team continues to make excellent progress on reducing
operating expenses, which helped to partially offset headwinds from lower gathered and processed
volumes and reduced revenues. We estimate the cost impact from storms on our Midstream business was
approximately $16 million.

Slide 12 provides an overview of Speedway results as a discontinued operation.

Speedway fuel and merchandise volumes were impacted by usual seasonality in the first quarter. Fuel
margins decreased and merchandise revenues were lower due to rising crude and product costs in the
quarter. Overall, we continue to see lower foot traffic and transaction counts than pre-COVID levels. Fuel
margins were $0.26 per gallon.

Slide 13 presents the elements of change in our consolidated cash position for the first quarter. It reflects
both our continuing and discontinued operations.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Within continuing operations, operating cash flow before changes in working capital was $613 million in
the quarter. Changes in working capital was a $348 million use of cash in the quarter. This was primarily
driven by the rebuilding of our inventory position in the first quarter and partially offset by a benefit for
the increase in crude prices this quarter.

During the quarter, net debt increased $865 million as we used our short-term debt facilities to manage
capital needs during the quarter. In March, we retired $1 billion in senior notes utilizing short-term
liquidity.

We returned $379 million to shareholders through our dividend.

Our cash balance at the end of the quarter for both continuing and discontinued operations was $758
million.

Turning to guidance on Slide 14, we provide our second quarter outlook.

We expect total throughput volumes of roughly 2.7 million barrels per day. Planned turnaround costs are
projected to be approximately $100 million in the second quarter, which includes activity at our Galveston
Bay refinery. Total operating costs are projected to be $5.20 per barrel for the quarter. Distribution costs
are expected to be approximately $1.25 billion for the second quarter.

With that, let me turn the call back over to Kristina.

Kristina Anna Kazarian
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Maryann. [Operator Instructions]
We will now open the call for questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

Mike, I wonder if I could ask about the return of cash. I know it's kind of a routine question that comes
every quarter. But you talked about the appropriate level of leverage. I'm wondering if that's -- how that's
changed or what the latest thinking in there as to what that looks like.

And then as a kind of follow-on for that, when you think about buybacks, how big of a consideration is
lowering the dividend burden on the ex Speedway refining and Midstream business? And just what --
so basically, debt level and buybacks. I realize MPLX's share prices run away from you now, so that's
probably off the table anyway.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Doug. I'll start and I'll let Maryann jump in.

So throughout this process, we've been getting the question about what does appropriate leverage mean.
When we pick a metric, we've been saying 1 to 1.5x mid-cycle, and then everybody says, well, then what
do you think about mid-cycle? And my standard answer is, "I don't think about the 50-yard line. I think
about the banks of the river," and I try and do scenario planning around what we think could be good
times and bad times.

Obviously, everybody's excited about vaccine rollouts and getting recovery here. And certainly, the market
is moving in that direction. At the same time, Doug, in our prepared remarks, we said gasoline demand is
still 5% lower year-on-year overall. The West Coast is still considerably down compared to the other areas.

So we're going to have to evaluate it, and it'll be dynamic. But in general, the best guidance we've been
trying to give is these are the parameters we think about. 1 to 1.5 kind of leverage. We said we had $2.5
billion of debt that we could do right away. You heard in our prepared remarks that we've essentially got
most of that done, and we'll finish that off once we close with Speedway. And then we're going to evaluate
to try and minimize any friction costs but make sure that we leave enough dry powder that our balance
sheet comes out to the place that we want to be.

And then absent that, as that evolves, we're going to return capital. And we tried to be as transparent as
we can throughout this process that we have core liquidity that we want to make sure the balance sheet's
in good position, we have debt level that we want to make sure is in good position. And then we're going
to return capital. That's been our goal from the start of this.

And I go all the way back to, at one point, we were going to spin Speedway out to the investors so they
would get that return of capital via that way. We decided to go a different path. We're ending up with this
partnership with 7-Eleven that we're looking forward to getting into the next phase where they own the
assets and we supply fuel. We think there are some real good opportunities for both parties after that. So
we're going to continue to evaluate that as we go forward, but that's the best color I can give you on the
balance sheet unless, Maryann, you want to jump in with anything there.

Maryann T. Mannen
Executive VP & CFO

No. Doug, I think Mike covered it quite comprehensively. Just a couple of other additions. As we continue
to say, it was our objective and continues to be to maintain an investment-grade balance sheet. As
you've seen and Mike talked about, Fitch has already confirmed that. So another key variable that we will

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

continue to consider, we want to be sure that the debt repayment is efficient. But other than that, I think
Mike has covered the comments quite well.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

And then, Doug, the only other thing I'd add is we have committed and we've stated it many times that
once we get to close, we'll provide some more details. We're getting really close, and hopefully, that's not
too far away from now. But we've been resistant to doing it ahead of time. So we're just -- as soon as we
get close, we'll give a little more color to the market and then continue to communicate the way we have
been, I think.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

So Mike, just for clarity, to be clear on my point about the dividend, you're obviously losing substantial
cash coverage for the dividend. Should we expect some kind of accelerated buyback to accelerate the
reduction in that dividend burden? Or how are you thinking about that?

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Big picture, Doug, we believe in our dividend, and we think we have a competitive dividend.
Obviously, we're going to reduce share count as a result of this. How that gets reduced is still to be seen
as far as the way this lays itself out and where the share price is over time. But we are committed to a
competitive dividend. That's something that we've had in our mind all throughout this process.

We'll see at the end of the return where we end up as far as share count and then kind of evaluate where
we are. But hopefully, the takeaway that you've seen from this is we're committed to our dividend, we do
believe in returning capital, we have a nice opportunity here that's unique as a result of this sale and that
return of capital will be a little bit of a differentiating factor for us for some time here.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

Not today. My follow-up, I want to be respectful to everyone else, so I'll be real quick here. But the cost
structure looks like you're making big holes -- or big strides in getting your cost down, but you haven't
talked much about a broader portfolio review or restructuring. One of your competitors suggested the
other day that if the RFS doesn't get resolved one way or the other, we could see further rationalization of
your current capacity. So I just wonder if you could bring us up-to-date with the overall portfolio review
and stickiness of the cost reductions you've achieved so far.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Doug. On the portfolio, we decided very early on that the 2 facilities that we idled, we did not see
being long-term assets for us. We do have an ongoing portfolio assessment, but we did pause a little bit
because we want to kind of get through this pandemic and see what the other side looks like and what the
new normal looks like.

So we still have ongoing work internally on portfolio, nothing that we're ready to disclose yet, but a
conscious decision on our part to kind of pause as we went through this pandemic and started to see the
light at the end of the tunnel. And I know everybody is anxious to get this behind us, and hopefully, we're
getting really close. The vaccine rollouts have gone very well. We'll get a little better sense of what a new
normal looks like and kind of do a final check on what we think about the portfolio in general.

But -- so in the near term, nothing to announce right now. We'll get through this new normal. We'll see
what that looks like. But I will tell you, Doug, it's going to be an ongoing effort on our part to continue
to ask ourselves all the time, where is our cost structure, how is it evolving, what are the assets that we

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

have in the portfolio, because we are a believer that over time, this energy evolution will continue to play
itself out. And as it does, we're going to be adaptive to the market.

And obviously, one of the high priorities that we put on ourselves was to get our cost structure down so
that in our base business, we were in a much more competitive position. And I think we've done that to
some extent, and that's not going to be an effort that we give up on. We're going to continue to do that.
In fact, I often get asked the question, what inning are we in, in that regard? And overall, I think Ray and
his team on the refining side are going to continue to look at it, but I'll let Ray make a comment as to
where we are on costs as well.

So hopefully, that answers you on portfolio, but let me let Ray make a comment on costs.

Raymond L. Brooks
Executive Vice President of Refining

Yes. Mike brought up what inning we're in, and I'd have to say we're not in the first inning and we're not in
the ninth inning. So we challenge ourselves every day what can we do to take more discretionary cost out
of our system.

Hey, the biggest thing that we did early on, and you kind of alluded to that, is we took some of our high-
cost facilities out of the system. And on the West Coast, you will -- you have seen that quarter-over-
quarter as we idled the Martinez refinery as an oil refinery. And through the subsequent quarters, we
completed a majority of the idling costs.

And hey, going forward, Doug, we just continue to look at efficiency cost savings every day while
maintaining our emphasis towards safe and reliable operations of our assets. Those are nonnegotiable.
Discretionary spending is negotiable.

Operator

Our next question will come from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I just wanted to build on some of your comments in the prepared remarks on the Speedway transaction.
Mike, it sounds like you're really close and just wanted to get some clarity what really close means from
your perspective. Are we talking days? Are we talking months? Are we talking quarters? And in terms of
the gating factors, just maybe you talk about what are the things we should be monitoring from a closure
perspective.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

That's a good way to frame it. I think the best way to answer it is exactly the way you set it up, is what we
believe at this point is that we're in weeks, not months. We're not days. It's not going to be tomorrow or
the next day, but we think we are down to weeks.

And what we've tried to do in this process is to be an intermediary communication tool because it's really
between the FTC and 7-Eleven. Obviously, we're at the table trying to understand if we can help the
process at all. But I guess the best way to describe it is the FTC communicated to us that we're in the final
stage of the process. So with that in mind, we think we're within weeks.

I guess that's the best way to give you our sense of it. We don't think we're months, we don't think we're
days, but we think we're very, very close. And that's why we chose the word close to completion.

I hope that helps you. And I know everybody's anxious for us to give the next set of disclosures relative
to this. We're also anxious to do that. This has been a process that's taken a long time. I'm hoping the
market appreciates that we've tried to be as transparent as we can. We thought for a long time there. We
thought we were going to hit by the end of the quarter. That kind of came and went a little bit. Process

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

takes a little bit longer sometimes when you get into the details at the end. But we are very, very close,
and hopefully, we're talking within weeks.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Yes. That conviction comes through. So that's great, Mike. And the follow-up is on Martinez. Maybe you
could just step back and talk about the renewable diesel project. And if you could level set us, sort of how
are you thinking about the total capital associated with the project to the extent you can provide it? I think
you've given the guidance for $350 million of renewable spend this year, but just sort of the total spend
associated with the project. And how should we think about the returns associated with this project?

And there are a lot of moving pieces, but the biggest fear, I guess, is the soybean prices continue to
move higher. So how do you manage the feedstock flexibility to ensure this is a good through-the-cycle
investment?

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It's a great question, Neil. And obviously, we've communicated that we've gotten full Board support
for this project. So I'll let Ray start off. off. He'll give you some color on how we're thinking about it, and
then let Brian and Dave jump in as needed on feedstocks, et cetera. So go ahead, Ray.

Raymond L. Brooks
Executive Vice President of Refining

Sure, Mike. From a project standpoint, I'd like to give a little bit of color on where we stand from a timing
schedule standpoint.

At this point, Phase 1, we're targeting completion in the second half of next year, 2022, and that would be
for 17,000 barrels of renewable fuels coming online. And then that would be followed up by pretreatment
in 2023 and then finally the rest of the facility the back half of '23 for a total of 48,000 barrels of
renewable diesel -- renewable fuels production.

Now if I go back to Doug's comment or question before as far as OpEx, I commented that Martinez was
a very high-cost oil refinery, but there are some real gems at Martinez that make it a very good project
for us from a renewables fuel standpoint: 300 processing units, 2 hydrogen plants, the infrastructure that
provides us the ability to have a very cost-competitive brownfield project. And so I can't give a lot more
CapEx guidance, and you've already alluded to, but we're very excited about this project.

And just what we've done in the last quarter, in Q1, we progressed our engineering. We're toward the end
of definition engineering and have also made a lot of progress on our permitting efforts with regards to
getting the environmental impact report kickstarted and out for review in the near term.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Neil, I'll turn it over to the commercial guys in a second. Just I guess one way to think about it is
there were 3 major hurdles the way we think about this project. Do we have the right location in logistics?
And obviously, Martinez is sitting on the demand. Dickinson, on the other hand, is very close to supply. So
we like our location in our renewable facilities.

Ray just mentioned the second big hurdle is capital, operating expense. Basically, what do you think of the
hardware? And Ray just described it. The full asset facility was relatively high cost, but the real gem, as
he mentioned, was in the hydroprocessing area. So it became obvious to us that the best use of this asset
was to put it into service.

And then the last piece of the puzzle is the one that's ongoing, and that's feedstock optimization. And
that'll continue, so I'll let the guys comment a little bit on that.

Brian C. Davis
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

It's Brian Davis here. So maybe just picking up the feedstock question. I think the first thing here is
that Ray and his team have done a good job in creating a sufficient optionality there through on-site
pretreatment over time but also the capability to receive feedstock by rail as well as by water. So that
opens our commercial flexibility quite considerably.

We're evaluating a portfolio of options to give us the right mix of feedstocks which will deliver value
over the life of the project. We have a number of commercial negotiations underway with a wide range
of suppliers. And we've been leveraging our existing capabilities and relationships because we have
been buying these feedstocks for a period of time for our existing biodiesel and now, more recently, for
Dickinson.

Operator

Our next question will come from Phil Gresh with JPMorgan.

Philip Mulkey Gresh
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

My first question would just be on the OpEx results on the West Coast. The OpEx per barrel there was
even lower than it was in 2019 despite the fact that utilization is still pretty low here at this point. So
maybe you could just -- obviously, Martinez, I think, is probably out of those numbers now, so maybe
that's the biggest factor. But any other things that we should think about as to the drivers of the lower
OpEx and how you think about the potential there as utilization ramps back up?

Raymond L. Brooks
Executive Vice President of Refining

Okay. I'll go ahead and take this question. This is Ray.

You're right. Martinez is largely out of the OpEx number. There still is some residual OpEx for tank cleaning
and work that will carry on to this year. So there is a little bit of Martinez spend.

I will say on the West Coast Q1 -- quarter 1 was a challenging OpEx quarter primarily because the energy
costs put a big demand on us in the last part of February and early March. I will say on the West Coast
we were partially able to mitigate the impact of those natural gas price spike by reducing our natural
gas purchase requirements to close the balance by producing more internal fuel from our operations. I
think this was a real key for us as far as managing the winter storm not just in Texas but across all of our
operations.

And I really got to give a shout-out to our commercial group. Close coordination with our commercial
group and the refineries really allowed us to pivot quickly on the day when natural gas went up by a
hundredfold and adjust our operations, reduce our demand requirement for natural gas and have as
minimal of an impact on our OpEx as possible. So that was across all of our system. It really was impactful
on the West Coast as well.

Aside from that, I'll just go back to what I said earlier as far as every day we challenge ourselves,
discretionary spending from got-to-do, stay-in-business type of spending. And that's starting to show in
the numbers.

Philip Mulkey Gresh
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Great. That's helpful. My follow-up on renewable diesel. I guess I'll just try to glue these together
very quickly. If you could just talk about how you feel things are going with the start-up so far, Dickinson,
what you've learned from that start-up process.

And then just on the feedstock side of things, would you consider signing up for some kind of joint venture
or something like that for soybean crush capacity like we've seen from one of your peers? Is that one of
the things you're considering?
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Raymond L. Brooks
Executive Vice President of Refining

Okay, this is Ray again, and I'll start off with the first thing as far as what we learned from start-up.

One of the things we learned -- we already knew is that start-ups are hard. You don't just push a button
and everything works perfectly. But I will tell you, in the first quarter, we achieved 90% of our design
capacity at Dickinson. And we also qualified and got a provisional score for our renewable feedstocks,
which is soybean oil and corn oil. And that's a lower number than the temporary score that we start off
with.

But as you know, we're not seeking to get to 90%. We want to get to 100% of capacity and get lower
carbon intensity scores. So work has continued in that regard. We work with our licensor for the process
and catalyst on a new catalyst formulation. We just actually did that work and have come back up. So
we're working towards getting better, getting toward 100% yield and exactly what we want from the
project.

Brian C. Davis
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Okay. And Phil, it's Brian here. On your question about soybean crush capacity, et cetera, we're looking
at all options here. Clearly, we're targeting advantaged feedstocks as much as possible. But we think
we'll also -- the industry will need to use soybean oil in its production as well. So there are certainly
considerations of putting in the commercial mix as we understand the right balance between gaining
access to the right feeds at the right price with security of supply.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

And Phil, it's Mike. The only thing I'll add, kind of a tag on to what Niel had asked is, we really like the
project. Ray described it well. We think we got really advantaged hardware from CapEx and OpEx. We're
concentrating on the feedstock side of the equation now.

We're open to a lot of things, as Brian said, but we're anxious to get this project online. We think it's going
to be a nice addition to our portfolio, and it really does optimize the assets that were available to us at
Martinez, where we're going to use the really strong ones for hydroprocessing and then take out a lot of
costs that were part of the facility from a crude processing standpoint.

Operator

Our next question will come from Roger Read with Wells Fargo.

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Guess come back and take a shot here at the core refining business. So I think Doug mentioned earlier
the RFS. Most of your peers have talked about it as being RINs in general being quite the headwind to
capture. Your capture was actually pretty good. I know as Speedway is being separated, you're trying to
maintain as much of the blending capacity as possible. I was just curious if you could kind of break out
maybe how your exposure to RINs is today either pre or post the spin and what impact you believe it had
on Q1.

Brian K. Partee
Senior Vice President of Global Clean Products

Roger, this is Brian Partee. I can address that question. So consistent with the past, we self-generate
about 70% to 75% of our RIN through either blending or generation in our biofuels refining assets. So
Q1 was pretty similar to that historical average. As it relates to the separation of Speedway, yes, no real
impact there.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

The RIN is something that's pretty transparent in the marketplace. It's a real expense. We all have to deal
with it. It's not something we can control. We think of it like a commodity. We deal with commodity prices
that are volatile and move dramatically up and down.

And the one thing I'd leave you with on the RIN and the RIN expense, I know there's a lot of hyperfocus
on it appropriately right now in the environment that we're in, but there's also really good opportunities
to optimizing that space. So depending on how you're modeling and what you're looking at, you have to
think about RINs in terms of true obligated volume. Obviously, not all gallons are obligated. So if you think
about stripping off exports, jet as well as some other boutique fuels -- and for us, Alaska also is not an
obligated state from an RVO perspective.

The other thing that I think played out interestingly in the market in the first quarter was the year-on-year
carry-in. So you can meet obligations in the prompt here with up to 20% of carry-ins from prior year. And
we think there's far less carry-in from 2020 to 2021 largely due to the uncertainty around the election last
fall.

So -- and then the last part about the commercialization in the RIN space is how you buy and when you
buy. I would presume -- maybe from a modeling perspective assume kind of a ratable purchase for RINs.
And that could be a strategy, and we try to be very commercial in this space and try to optimize. And
obviously, the higher the RIN value gets, the more opportunity there is to outperform and, conversely,
underperform in that space.

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Other question I had, again kind of sticking with the refining side of things. We're hearing that some
of the maintenance in Canada may not happen on quite the same pace because of the COVID issues up
there, which I guess might imply it's a little more drawn out. But as you think about light/heavy, whether
it's inland U.S. or coastal U.S., what sort of updates can you offer there in terms of crude availability, what
you're seeing and expectations on crude differentials?

Rick D. Hessling
Senior Vice President of Global Feedstocks

Roger, this is Rick Hessling. So the intel you're getting in Canada or from Canada is spot on. We're
hearing the same thing. They've experienced some start-up issues at a couple -- with a couple of their
maintenance projects, as well as we're hearing one of the producers specifically as having some COVID
issues. So that's certainly not good for production in Canada, so we'll continue to watch that specifically to
Canada.

In terms of differentials in Canada, I would point you towards -- I still think probably your general rule of
thumb is the forward market there, which is plus or minus $12. And the incremental barrel in Canada is
moving out via rail. The pipes are full. So we expect that to continue.

When you look worldwide and more so on the Gulf Coast, a lot of -- there's a lot of conversation around
OPEC and the barrels that they're releasing into the market. I'm a little more measured on OPEC and what
we might expect on the Gulf Coast than others. Quite frankly, when you look at what OPEC has done the
last several months, they've been very measured on how they're managing their production with demand.
And currently, today, as you know, we've got a tug of war. There's a little bit of slight optimism coming out
of the West, and then there is a lot of the fear of the unknown which is well publicized in India. So we'll
just have to see how that plays out.

Operator

Our next question will come from Manav Gupta with Crédit Suisse.

Manav Gupta
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

In your prepared remarks, you did indicate that while the demand is recovering, it's the recovery -- the
pace of recovery is slower on the West Coast. I think California is going for a full reopen around mid-June.
So I'm just trying to understand going forward, do you see an improved demand recovery based on a full
reopen in California?

Brian K. Partee
Senior Vice President of Global Clean Products

Yes. Manav. This is Brian Partee. I can take that one. So what I would say, to kind of reiterate Mike's
points that he made in his opening remarks, we have seen gasoline demand really grind back across
the entire portfolio. Certainly, the West Coast has lagged. In the East, we've been running over the last
several weeks 2% to 5% off of 2019 comps. In the West, it's been more in the 18%, call it, high teens to
low 20s. But we have seen a gradual grind back from the early part of this year.

And you're spot on, yes, California is prepared to reopen here mid-June. And just looking at some of the
vaccination data and just anecdotal discussions in the market, we do expect meaningful recovery through
the summer months. To what extent, it's very difficult to estimate. COVID has been a very dynamic
environment for us. California has been very aggressive. So I'm really hesitant to make a call on where we
expect it to go. But we've seen favorable trends in other markets as we've gotten back off and opened up
the economies. And we'd expect to see a degree of the same out in the West Coast.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

And Manav, it's Mike. The other thing that I would add, it's kind of what I said earlier, is once we get
through this and a lot of these states open up -- I mean, California, as Brian just mentioned, is a major
indicator as to where that market's going to be. But Florida, New Jersey, New York, some other big
gasoline-consuming states are also in the process of reopening.

The question becomes, where do we end up after that point? One of the things that I think we still need
to see is, is there potential pent-up demand? Is that one of the things that we're going to see come
out of this? Is there going to be a new normal with the way people operate as far as work and remote
operations, et cetera, et cetera? So we're excited that it continues to get better, but we're also cautious as
to what it's going to mean once we get to the other side of this.

If anything, I would say the way we try to think about it is, at the end of the day, vaccines are rolling out
well, states are opening up, things are heading in the right direction. To what absolute number, as Brian
just mentioned, where that ends up is still to be played out.

And to your point, June -- like you said, it's going to occur in June. Essentially, the second quarter will be
over. We'll be talking about results here where we still don't really have as much insight. So I think it's still
going to play out a little bit more time, understanding that pent-up demand, how much of it is robust to
stay long term and how much of it is just short term for people trying to get out from under the lockdown
conditions.

So still a lot to learn. Like I said, we concentrate on what we control. We'll keep an eye on what we don't
control and try and learn as much as we can as to what the new normal looks like.

Manav Gupta
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Mike, one quick follow-up here. We saw you putting in some wind turbines on the Dickinson refinery to
lower the carbon intensity. Clearly, you guys are focusing a lot on carbon intensity. And one of -- some
of what your peers and others are doing is carbon capture and sequestration. Is it something which
MPC could look at potentially to further lower the carbon intensity of both gasoline and diesel that it is
producing in its refineries?

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Yes, Manav, I think I'll let Ray and Dave jump in there, but we are obviously cognizant of the value of
lowering the carbon intensity of the operations, of the product, et cetera. The wind situation in Dickinson,
Ray, if you want to give a little more color there. Or Dave, if you want to give total color on lowering
carbon.

Raymond L. Brooks
Executive Vice President of Refining

Yes. Just to give you a little bit more detail on Dickinson and what we're doing with the carbon intensity.
The first thing that you mentioned is wind turbines. So that's a project that we're planning to go ahead
with in 2022 to put enough wind turbines in there to provide about 50% of our electricity demand via
renewable electricity. And that lowers the carbon intensity.

The other thing that we're doing is we've got a feed pretreatment now down at Beatrice, and that plant
has started up. That material has made its way to Dickinson. And so we now have pretreated corn oil.
That's significant from a carbon intensity standpoint, that, one, it's pretreated, so it processes better;
secondly, it's a significantly lower carbon intensity than soybean oil.

David R. Heppner
Senior Vice President of Strategy & Business Development

Yes. And this is Dave Heppner. Just another comment would be whether it be wind turbines or carbon
capture and sequestration, those are all additional complementary technologies to increase the value of
the Dickinson project by lowering the CI. There's other technologies, such as renewable natural gas, solar
and other technologies, we're continuing to evaluate, and we'll implement those if and when they make
sense for us.

Operator

Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

My two question. If we're looking at your cost structure, whether you put the refining OpEx, the
distribution costs and the corporate costs together or individually, they were really well in the first quarter,
and you have done a great job there. I was just curious that when I'm looking at your total throughput
guidance is higher, natural gas cost is lower in the second quarter. Is there any reason? Is it just being
conservative? Or there's a -- some one-off reason why the second quarter unit cost across the board in
your refining actually going to be higher and your corporate costs and the distribution cost is also going to
be higher? So that's the first question.

The second question is that going back into the ESG, with the energy transition, what's the longer-term
plan or objective? Are you going to take the initiative in a sense or just trying to lower your own emission
or CI? Or that you're looking at it as an opportunity for you to expand and perhaps that even create a new
line of business?

And also, on the renewable -- on the feedstock, your -- one of your largest competitor put all their
renewable diesel into a joint venture and partnered with someone expertise in their feedstock supply. Why
that's not a good idea for you guys?

Maryann T. Mannen
Executive VP & CFO

It's Maryann. Let me try to address your first question around the second quarter guidance and certainly
as it compares to the first quarter. Just maybe as a bit of a reminder, we are expecting volumes to be up
slightly from the first quarter, about 2.7 million barrels per day.

As you spoke about the distribution cost, $1.25 billion is the expectation for the second quarter, again
up slightly. We are expecting some higher product demand and therefore, obviously, some higher cost to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

transport product. But overall, fairly flattish as we look at the increase in the expectation for throughput,
and then similarly when you look at total operating costs really on a per-barrel basis when you consider
that they're about flattish Q1 to Q2. So hope that helps to address your questions there around the nature
of the second quarter guidance.

Mike has cleared for you sort of how we're thinking about the second quarter. Obviously, things can
play out just depending on how the demand and recovery happens. But hopefully, that addresses your
question, Paul.

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Maryann, I'm sorry, but that your unit cost is actually higher in your guidance in the second quarter. That's
even on the distribution side, on the distribution cost comparing to the first quarter. And that's why that
I'm not sure. You said we have some one-off issue. That's why that you expect the unit cost on a per-
barrel throughput going higher. Because one would imagine that with the higher throughput volume and
lower energy costs, that the per-unit cost should be going lower, not going higher.

Maryann T. Mannen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Paul, it's Maryann again. So you're right, when we talk about total operating costs based on that
demand, it's about $5.20 versus the quarter, which was about $5.16. I was saying about flat. But you're
right that there is a slight tick-up as we think about those total operating costs.

And then distribution costs, hopefully, I tried to address the key elements there that were drivers to the
higher cost.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Paul, it's Mike. On your second point, I think it's a combination of cost and portfolio. As Ray mentioned
earlier, one of the things that we accomplished and kind of got 2 birds with one stone is Martinez was one
of our highest-cost facilities. Galv was one of our highest-cost facilities. So we want to have, when we're
processing fossil fuels, a very competitive, low-cost system because it's going to be around for a long time
and we want to make sure that we create value in that regard.

At the same time, the energy evolution is going to tick into renewables and other technologies as they
develop. So we found a nice opportunity. We're very pleased with the effort that's going on at Dickinson.

And as Dave just mentioned, once we're in that boat, we're going to try and do everything we can to
increase the profitability, whether it's lowering the carbon intensity of the operation, the product, the
feedstocks, as Brian mentioned.

And I'll let Brian comment, and like I said earlier, is, location is in a good spot for us, CapEx is in a good
spot for us, OpEx is in a good spot for us. Ray is going through some learnings on the start-up of the one
facility, which will help us on the next facility.

And then the last piece to your puzzle was feedstock. And I'll let Brian reiterate, but I would tell you we
like our base plan. We feel very comfortable that we have a really good project in front of us. But we are
continuing to challenge ourselves, is there a way to increase value there?

Brian C. Davis
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Sure. Thanks, Mike. Yes, as we build out the feedstock procurement strategy and create more options,
we're certainly looking at partners along the entire value chain, all the way from the procurement of
feedstock onwards. And so we are considering where we can do more with partners than just only a
commercial arrangement. But I think we're still going to let those discussions play out. And whatever we
do needs to make sense for them and obviously make sense for us as well from a value perspective.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

And Mike, can you also address that on the longer term, do you see the energy transition will create a
new line of business for you? Or that you're looking at it as that or the initiative is just to reducing your
emission and CI for your own existing operation?

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I don't think of it as either/or, Paul. I think if it as somewhat both. We're going to have an opportunity
as this transition or I like to call it evolution evolves. There's going to be some technologies that we can
implement in our existing fossil fuel facilities that will be helpful. There's going to be some technologies
that get implemented in truly renewable facilities. So I think in time, you're going to see us grow both.

And at the end -- what's the end game is what you're asking, and I don't know how long you're thinking
out in time, but the end game is for us to have a very competitive refining offering of fossil fuels and a
very competitive offering on renewable fuels and continue to look for ways to grow our earnings.

Dave mentioned it, we're looking at a lot of different things right at the moment. We're going to act on
them once we believe that they will give a good return for us. Some things, I think, are a little ahead of
their time right at the moment, and the technology still needs to develop a little bit. At the same time,
there are some things like Ray just mentioned. We're going to implement some wind support to our
Dickinson facility as early as next year. So some things are on the immediate side. Some things are on the
watch side and evaluate. We're going to have a very robust look at through all this.

One of the things that everybody keeps asking me, and hopefully, you'll get to see it through results is
what are we doing commercially since one of my goals is to improve our commercial performance. And it's
not something that we're going to talk about in the forecasting of it, but hopefully we'll point out things as
we go along. And Ray mentioned a couple today that happened in the first quarter that helped us minimize
our impact around the winter storm.

So I think you're going to see the answer to your question is really both. There's going to be some
opportunities on both sides of the business as we change the portfolio over time. And that was asked
earlier today. You're going to see some more changes in the portfolio as time goes by. And as we get to
evaluate that, we'll give disclosures as quickly as we can so everybody knows which way we're pulling the
company.

Operator

Our next question comes from Prashant Rao with Citigroup.

Prashant Raghavendra Rao
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

My questions are both on R&M and specifically on CapEx. First, on Martinez. I know you can't disclose an
overall cost. But Mike, I was wondering, in terms of cadence at $350 million this year, and it sounds like
you'll do the first diesel hydrotreater next year, and then the 3 other hydros and the pretreat come on in
2023, so is it right to think about it as sort of a stair-step that the CapEx for that and, therefore, the R&M
growth CapEx kind of steps up in terms of renewables next year and in 2023? Or is it sort of more evenly
spread out?

And sort of related to that, I just wanted to check that -- would that be funded purely from internally
generated cash? Or would you be looking to -- what are your financing sort of options if you -- as to how
you fund the project? And then I have a follow-up.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Yes. Prashant, I think you're thinking about it right. It is a phased approach to the activity out there.
But it kind of dovetails to what Paul just asked. So when you step back and think about it, roughly 40-
some percent or let me round to half of the growth capital that we have in this year is directed towards
renewables. But then also, half of it is directed towards our fossil fuel business. So we still think there's
going to be continuing monies that we can spend in that business. So like what Paul was asking, I was
trying to say we're going to do a little bit of both.

But I think you're also seeing the way we're approaching this project, which is in a phased approach. So
as Ray mentioned, we'll get it online early next year. Pretreatment comes on, full capacity comes on. So
there will be some stair stepping in capital in that area.

At the same time, we're still looking forward to the $450 million that we're investing in the base business.
We still got some activity going on down on the Gulf Coast with our STAR project that we want to get to
the finish line as well.

So kind of dovetails to your question the same as Paul's is that we're going to have activity occurring in
both areas. We're committed to both sides of the business because it's going to be a long evolution. It's
not something that's going to happen very quickly. But it's something that we're going to be very attentive
to as to where we deploy capital.

I'm hoping everybody's getting a feel from us that we're going to have strict capital discipline. That's a
mantra that we're going to continue to push and challenge ourselves through all the scenario planning
that we do as to what's the best use of that capital, whether it's in our existing facilities in fossil fuels or in
renewable facilities or, as Paul mentioned, if we come up with something that we think is a little bit more
of a step-out.

So we'll try and give everybody as much disclosure as we can as time goes by. We're looking forward
to the opportunity as the evolution continues, and we think it'll provide us some value opportunities to
increase value for the shareholders.

Prashant Raghavendra Rao
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Great. And then sort of related to, I guess, the second part of my question there was on how you expect
to fund projects because it sounds like this is going to be a very large facility at Martinez. But you also
have a ramp here in terms of cash flow generation, potentially internally generated. So I just wanted to
get a sense of if you, broadly speaking, expect to fund Martinez out of operating cash that you generate
or if there -- if you were to finance it, would you look at project financing? Or what would be some of the
options in terms of how you fund the build on the project?

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Prashant. So our base plan, obviously, assuming the market cooperates, is we want to fund it out of
operating cash. We don't want to get this color with Speedway earnings, and we'll give more color on that.
That return of capital is kind of separate.

And hopefully, as everybody is anticipating, as the market kind of comes back to a normal, we'll be
generating operating cash that will fund our capital program, fund our dividend, hopefully have excess
beyond that, that we'll have optionality beyond that as well.

Prashant Raghavendra Rao
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Okay. Great. And just one last follow-up real quick. On the maintenance side, I think you guided to about
$250 million this year in R&M. A little early, I know, to answer this, Mike, but any color on how you think
about that maintenance number in R&M on a sort of a through-cycle basis? When we get volumes back
up and as we look at MPC in the years coming ahead, is that $250 million not that far off from how you're
looking at maintenance cost now that you'll rationalize costs across the structure and you will continue to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

do so? Or is it -- should we be thinking that this is sort of a low year and there should be a little bit more
that we need to layer in as we think about next year and maybe beyond?

Raymond L. Brooks
Executive Vice President of Refining

Yes. Let me take a shot at that. This is Ray. When I talked earlier about looking at the needs versus wants,
certainly the maintenance CapEx is along that line. So we challenge ourselves every day to the point of
where we are, whether it's OpEx or CapEx, as far as really scrutinizing those spend. So our goal is not to
go grossly up on maintenance CapEx.

Operator

Our last question will come from Ryan Todd with Simmons Energy.

Ryan M. Todd
Simmons & Company International, Research Division

Great. Maybe just one quick one on the refining side. Your utilization guidance for the second quarter is
probably a little more conservative in terms of sequential improvement relative to some of your peers'. I
mean your commentary has maybe been a little more cautious. Is that -- how do you think about ramping
utilization over the next couple of months? And is there a potential upside to your 2Q guidance there?

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

I think Brian alluded to it early on, is we have these states that have a lot of impact to gasoline, the West
Coast being one of them. They're all talking about going into the next phase of opening up. We just don't
know how to totally gauge what that means. Manav mentioned June for the West Coast. We'll see if it
turns out to be June or not. I mean we got to get through the rest of May.

So, I mean, we're doing our best to try and forecast that. But I try and remind everybody that we don't
have control of that. We're just, just like everybody else, monitoring the situation and giving our best
assessment.

But there's a lot of key states that are saying they're going to be opening up. I mentioned a few:
New York, New Jersey, Florida on the East Coast. Obviously, the West Coast has been under the most
restrictions. Brian mentioned 20% down year-on-year when overall, you're about 5% down on gasoline.
So it's a pretty bifurcated situation right now, and we'll just have to see how it plays out. And obviously,
we try and give you the best guidance we can. And then as the results come in, we'll give you kind of a
post audit of what things look like.

Ryan M. Todd
Simmons & Company International, Research Division

Maybe a quick follow-up on Dickinson. I mean I guess as you think about the -- I know you have the
pretreatment up and going for some of the corn oil. Do you have -- I mean, is there a thought for what
you think the kind of an average mix might look like in terms of vegetable oil versus corn oil at that
facility and an estimate of maybe what you think the average CI value of the product will be once the wind
facilities are up and running?

Raymond L. Brooks
Executive Vice President of Refining

Sure. The -- this is Ray. The design basis for the project is 10,000 barrels a day of soybean oil and 2,000
barrels of corn oil -- treated corn oil. So that's the goal. That's where we're headed to get as we get into
the second quarter.

Just a little bit about the CI value. The target CI value for soybean oil is going to be in the mid-50s, and
take about 30 numbers off that for corn oil. So that's the range you need to be thinking about from a
carbon intensity standpoint.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Ryan M. Todd
Simmons & Company International, Research Division

And how much do you think you can -- how meaningful is the wind energy in terms of -- is that assuming
the wind energy? Or can you knock a few more points off it with that project?

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Ryan, I would tell you let us get that up and running, and we'll be happy to give you some feedback after
that, but we don't want to get ahead of ourselves. We're excited about the opportunity, but we don't want
to predetermine how effective we're going to be there. We're excited about it, but let us get it up and
running then we'll give you more color.

Kristina Anna Kazarian
Vice President of Investor Relations

Operator, are there any other questions for today?

Operator

We are showing no further questions at this time.

Kristina Anna Kazarian
Vice President of Investor Relations

Perfect. Well, thank you all for your interest in Marathon Petroleum Corporation. Should you have
additional questions or would you -- like clarification on topics discussed this morning, please reach out to
our team, and we'll be available to take your calls. Thank you so much for joining us this afternoon.

Operator
Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this
time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

