Marathon Petroleum Corporation 

NYSE:MPC
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, February 02, 2021 4:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

(1.40)

(0.94)

NM

0.00

(3.86)

(3.44)

NM

(0.32)

17677.80

18187.00

2.88

18534.23

70566.36

69032.00

(2.17 %)

78442.32

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-02-2021 12:32 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

(0.27)

(1.76)

(1.74)

(1.40)

(0.16)

(1.33)

(1.00)

(0.94)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

NM

NM

NM

NM

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 02, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian K. Partee
Senior Vice President of Marketing

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and
Markets, Research Division

Prashant Raghavendra Rao
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Kristina Anna Kazarian
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Maryann T. Mannen
Executive VP & CFO

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Raymond L. Brooks
Executive Vice President of
Refining

Rick D. Hessling
Senior Vice President of Crude Oil
Supply & Logistics

Timothy T. Griffith
President of Speedway LLC

ANALYSTS

Benny Wong
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Douglas Todd Terreson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Manav Gupta
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 02, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the MPC Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. My name is Sheila, and I will be your operator for
today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded.

I will now turn the call over to Kristina Kazarian. Kristina, you may begin.

Kristina Anna Kazarian
Vice President of Investor Relations

Welcome to Marathon Petroleum's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. The slides that
accompany this call can be found on our website at marathonpetroleum.com under the Investor tab.
Joining me on the call today are Mike Hennigan, CEO; Maryann Mannen, CFO; and other members of the
executive team. We invite you to read the safe harbor statements on Slide 2.

We will be making forward-looking statements today. Actual results may differ. Factors that could cause
actual results to differ are included there as well as in our filings with the SEC.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Kristina. Good morning, everyone.

I want to start by welcoming a couple new members to our executive team. First, in January, we
announced the appointment of Maryann Mannen as our new CFO. She joins us having spent nearly a
decade as the CFO in the energy services and manufacturing sectors. Maryann brings the financial acumen
and strategic leadership expertise critical for delivering our business transformation objectives, including
strict capital discipline and overall expense management to lower our cost structure. I'm excited for the
perspective and business insights she will add to our executive team as we work together to continue
strengthening our financial and competitive positions.

Yesterday, we announced Brian Davis has joined the company in our newly created role of Chief
Commercial Officer. Brian has spent over 3 decades in the industry. His extensive commercial experience,
his recent deep background in renewables and alternative energy and a track record of developing and
enhancing capabilities is highly complementary to our strategic focus on improving our commercial
performance. We look forward to his leadership in developing and implementing a holistic and integrated
strategy for MPC's commercial business. These additions will be integral in supporting our strategic
initiatives as we progress through 2021 and beyond.

Before we get into our results for the quarter, I wanted to provide a brief business update. The
unprecedented challenges this year created by the COVID pandemic accelerated the need for us to
act swiftly and decisively to change how we conduct our business. The 3 initiatives highlighted on this
slide focus on the aspects of our business within our control, strengthening the competitive position of
our assets, improving our commercial performance and lowering our cost structure. During the year,
we've been faced with many tough decisions, but our team continues to make tangible progress on all 3
initiatives in ways we believe will drive stronger through-cycle earnings and position the company for long-
term success.

Slide #5 highlights some of our actions taken around our strategic priorities this quarter. First, we
continue progressing the sale of the Speedway business. During the quarter, we responded to the second
request from the FTC and continued to support 7-Eleven in its efforts to secure antitrust clearance. Our
interactions with 7-Eleven and our interactions with the FTC have gone well. As everyone is aware, the
timing of the close is dependent on the FTC process, and we continue to target closing by the end of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 02, 2021

the first quarter of 2021. Within the scope of what we can control, we're finalizing transition services
agreements with 7-Eleven and expect to have them completed by the end of February.

Moving on to other actions to reposition our portfolio, we continue to advance our investments in
renewables. During the quarter, we worked through start-up issues and are ramping production at our
Dickinson, North Dakota renewable fuels facility. This facility is now the second largest renewable diesel
facility in the United States. Consistent with the time line we discussed last quarter, we have begun to load
trains and ship renewable diesel out of the facility. We remain on track to reach full production by the end
of the quarter.

Since the last time we reported to you, we've also made excellent progress on our plans to convert our
Martinez refinery into a renewable fuels facility. We've continued to progress engineering and permitting
activities. We expect commissioning in the second half of 2022 with approximately 17,000 barrels per day
of capacity. Further, we expect the pretreatment system to be online in 2023 and to reach full capacity of
approximately 48,000 barrels per day by the end of 2023.

Finally, we continue to exercise strict discipline on how capital and expense dollars are spent. This year,
we accomplished our goal of significantly reducing our capital spending levels by over $1.4 billion from the
initial 2021 plans. We also reduced our 2020 forecasted operating expenses by more than our target of
$950 million.

I started off my comments by saying that we're focused on the things we can control. No matter what
lies ahead, we're setting the company on a path to drive stronger through-cycle earnings and position
the company for longer-term success. I'd like to take a moment on Slide 6 to reinforce comments made
on our last earnings call around priorities for the proceeds from the sale of our Speedway business. We
continue to receive questions on our use of proceeds framework, so I wanted to reiterate that our plans
have not changed. We remain committed to using the sale proceeds to strengthen our balance sheet and
return capital to MPC shareholders.

An important priority and our commitment is to defend a solid investment-grade credit profile. On a mid-
cycle basis, we expect to target MPC's stand-alone debt to EBITDA leverage metric of around 1x to 1.5x.
This metric contemplates MPC earnings and also includes distributions from MPLX. Given the significant
and stable distributions from MPLX, we don't envision an MPC balance sheet with less than $5 billion
of debt on a through-cycle basis. As a reminder, we also expect to increase the cash component of our
core liquidity position by an additional $1 billion to offset the loss of cash flows from Speedway upon
completion of the sale.

With respect to debt reduction, we have approximately $2.5 billion of debt that can be addressed with
minimal friction costs. We'll be thoughtful on how we reduce incremental debt amounts to minimize costs
while not jeopardizing our credit rating. Within this framework, we continue to expect that the remaining
proceeds will be targeted for shareholder return. We continue to evaluate the form and timing, and we'll
share more details as we get closer to the transaction close.

Moving to Slide 7, we highlight some of the reductions we've made to our cost structure. In Refining,
we've reduced our operating cost by more than $1 billion from the 2019 spending levels. In the Midstream
business, we reduced our cost by over $200 million. And at the corporate level, we've applied the same
discipline, and these reductions are reflected in our fourth quarter results.

We're pleased with these results when you consider we have not compromised on our commitment to
safely operating our assets and protect the health and safety of our employees, customers and support
the communities in which we operate. In fact, the full year 2020 was the company's best performance
ever in this area, with a nearly 30% improvement across both our process and personal safety rates and
our best ever environmental performance.

Moving to another key focus area, Slide 8 highlights our focus on capital discipline. Today, we announced
our 2021 capital outlook for MPC. We significantly reduced our capital program from 2019 levels. MPC's
investment plan now stands approximately $1.4 billion, excluding MPLX. This reflects a nearly $1.7 billion
reduction from 2019 and a $1.2 billion reduction from our initial plan for 2020 prior to the pandemic.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 02, 2021

Our 2021 outlook reflects funding for growth projects already underway. However, our incremental growth
capital will be primarily focused on renewables and projects that we expect will help us reduce future
operating costs. We expect our team's focus on lowering our cost structure and capital discipline to be
something that will be a recurring theme for 2021 and beyond.

At this point, I'd like to turn it over to Maryann to review the fourth quarter results.

Maryann T. Mannen
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Mike.

Slide 9 provides a summary of our fourth quarter financial results. This morning, we reported an adjusted
loss per share of $0.94. This reflects pretax adjustments of $851 million, driven primarily by a $1.2 billion
pretax lower of cost or market inventory benefit. These adjustments can be found in detail on Slide 29 in
the appendix. Adjusted EBITDA was $907 million for the quarter. This include the results from both the
continuing and discontinued operations. Our dividend payment for the quarter were $377 million.

Slide 10 shows the reconciliation from net income to adjusted EBITDA as well as the sequential change
in adjusted EBITDA from the third quarter of 2020 to the fourth quarter of 2020. Adjusted EBITDA was
down $100 million quarter-over-quarter, driven primarily by lower earnings in Refining and Marketing and
Speedway. As a result of the contemplated sale of Speedway, both the third and fourth quarter results
reflect Speedway as a discontinued operation.

Moving to our segment results. Slide 11 provides an overview of our Refining and Marketing segment.
Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was negative $702 million, a decrease of approximately $80 million when
compared to the third quarter of 2020. As a result of the contemplated sale of Speedway, adjusted EBITDA
for the R&M segment now includes the direct dealer business.

Crack spreads and margins remain under considerable pressure. Results across our 3 regions were
impacted by weaker crack spreads and narrow crude differentials. As a result of these challenging macro
conditions, we moderated throughput levels, which resulted in capacity utilization of 82% for the fourth
quarter. In response to these challenging conditions, the team continues to focus on structurally lowering
cost and driving efficiencies. When you compare our R&M expense to the prior year, 2020 expenses are
over $1 billion lower than 2019, and we continue to pursue opportunities to lower cost.

Slide 12 shows the change in our Midstream EBITDA versus the third quarter of 2020. Our Midstream
segment continues to demonstrate earnings resiliency and stability, increasing by $22 million from the
last quarter. This performance is underpinned by stable fee-based revenues, growth from organic projects
and the continued execution on operating expense reductions. It is worth highlighting that MPLX, which
contributes a substantial portion of MPC's Midstream EBITDA, inflected to excess cash for 2020 for the first
time in the partnership's history, self-funding both capital spending and distributions. With this inflection,
MPLX began repurchasing units in the fourth quarter.

Slide 13 provides an overview of Speedway results as a discontinued operation. Fourth quarter adjusted
EBITDA is down $66 million from third quarter. Fuel and merchandise revenues were impacted by
seasonality as well as COVID-related lower fuel demand and lower resulting foot traffic in the stores. On a
year-over-year basis, merchandise sales were up 1.8%.

Slide 14 presents the elements of change in our consolidated cash position for the fourth quarter. It
reflects both our continuing and discontinued operations. Within continuing operations, operating cash flow
before changes in working capital was $144 million in the quarter. Changes in working capital was an $804
million source of cash in the quarter as rising commodity prices and increasing utilization continue to offset
working capital cash use impacts from the first quarter. During the quarter, debt declined $344 million. We
returned $377 million to shareholders through our dividend. Our cash balance at the end of the quarter for
both continuing and discontinued operations was approximately $555 million.

Slide 15 provides our capital investment plan for 2021, which reflects our continuing focus on strict capital
discipline. MPC's investment plan, excluding MPLX, totals approximately $1.4 billion. The plan includes just

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 02, 2021

over $1 billion for the Refining and Marketing segment, of which approximately $250 million or roughly
25% is related to maintenance and regulatory compliance spending.

Our growth capital is approximately $800 million, split between renewables and ongoing projects such
as the STAR project. Keeping these ongoing projects moving forward will enhance the capability of our
refining assets, particularly in the Gulf Coast. Within renewables spending, we have capital allocated for
potential projects like our Martinez conversion.

Until close, we will fund Speedway capital and anticipate this spending will be approximately $150 million.
The plan also includes approximately $50 million for our Midstream segment for projects such as the
Capline reversal. Also included is approximately $150 million of corporate spending to support activities
we believe will enhance our ability to lower future costs. This morning, MPLX also announced its 2021
capital plan, investment plan, which includes approximately $800 million of organic growth capital and
$165 million of maintenance capital.

On Slide 16, we provide our first quarter outlook, which includes estimated throughput at our facilities
based on projected regional demand. We expect total throughput volumes of just over 2.5 million barrels
per day, a slight increase compared to the fourth quarter actual throughput.

Planned turnaround costs are projected to be $150 million in the first quarter, which includes activity in
our Galveston Bay refinery. For the year, we expect turnaround spending to come in at below our 2020
levels, reflecting a lighter than average year.

Total operating costs, including major maintenance and engineered projects, are projected to be $5.35
per barrel for the quarter. This operating expense guidance represents a slight increase from fourth
quarter actuals to account for higher costs associated with work we plan to do in conjunction with our
turnarounds.

Distribution costs are expected to be approximately $1.3 billion for the first quarter. This slight increase
relative to fourth quarter actuals is due to cost associated with moving product to the West Coast from our
new Dickinson renewable diesel facility. As a reminder, our Dickinson renewable facility is accounted for in
the guidance we provided for the R&M segment.

For Speedway, we expect fuel volumes of approximately 1.3 billion to 1.5 billion gallons, and merchandise
sales in a range of $1.43 billion to $1.53 billion.

With that, let me turn the call back over to Mike for some closing remarks.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Maryann. I'd like to take a moment to provide some comments on our responsibilities around
corporate leadership.

Last quarter, we discussed the recent publication of our 2020 climate perspectives report, highlighting
opportunities and strategic planning work the company is engaged in related to climate scenarios.
We also discussed our goals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, methane emissions and freshwater
withdrawal intensities. It's important that we set objectives for the organization that drive our continuous
improvement on ESG. Our principles for leading in sustainable energy position us to deliver strong results
in this space, from lowering the carbon intensity of our operations and products, improving energy
efficiency and conserving natural resources, to increasing renewable fuels production and embracing
innovation and deploying advanced technologies. We believe the goals we are setting and our transparent
disclosures on how we plan to achieve them place Marathon at the leading edge of our industry. We are
seeing recent improvements in our ESG ratings, reflecting our hard work in the area. Slide 20 in the
appendix highlights just some of these accomplishments.

Our approach to sustainability also reflects our commitment to create shared value with our stakeholders,
the communities where we operate, our people, our business partners and many others. How we conduct

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 02, 2021

our business enhances the performance we deliver. We look forward to even further expanding our robust
engagement with stakeholders and continuing to serve as a valued partner.

With that, let me turn the call back over to Kristina.

Kristina Anna Kazarian
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Mike. [Operator Instructions] We will now open the line to questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 02, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Doug Terreson with Evercore ISI.

Douglas Todd Terreson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Mike, I have a market outlook question in refining. And specifically, it looks like inventories for both
gasoline and distillate are headed towards normal levels by the end of this quarter, which may be why
refining margins have returned near year ago levels. And if we see OPEC raise output later in the year,
which also seems likely, we could also get some help on feedstock differentials. So my question is whether
you're encouraged by the trends that we're seeing in products markets and the pace of the recovery as
well and also whether you think this will be sustainable?

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Doug. It's a good question. Before I answer it, I'll let some other members of the team jump
in as well. I first want to say, I appreciate your insights over the years. And I want to congratulate you,
specifically, on your next steps in your career, and thank you for all your contributions to our industry.

Douglas Todd Terreson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

You guys have been easy to support, for sure. The pleasure has been all mine.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

On your question as far as go forward, I think you mentioned a lot of things that we're looking at. And
I guess our term is cautious optimism. For me specifically, I tend to try not to call the market but really
call the banks of the rivers more. And on the positive side, some of the things that you mentioned that
we clearly see, and we have that, I call it, cautious optimism as a result. Hopefully, vaccinations will go
smooth, and hopefully, we'll come out of this pandemic in a robust way. So that's kind of the bull view.

And then the bear case is, we saw towards the end of last year, cases were going up, restrictions started
to kick in a little bit more. And we saw what a lot of people anticipated, which was a tough December and
into January. Now we're approaching February and we'll head into the spring.

So for us, there's a bull case that says things are moving in the right direction. There's a bear case that
says we're not through with this pandemic yet, and we got some more field to play through before we
really see the end of it. But let me, I'm going to let Tim comment on gasoline a little bit, and Brian can
comment on the other projects, just so you can get a sense of what we see in the market today. Tim?

Timothy T. Griffith
President of Speedway LLC

Yes. Thanks, Mike. Doug, just to reiterate Mike's comments, I mean, we did see a little bit of softness into
the back half of the year, really after Thanksgiving and really through the end of the year, almost a step
down with regard to demand. And again, a lot of it relating to higher case rates. We'll see. We're seeing a
couple of bright spots early in the year, but we're hoping for more. We think this is probably going to take
some time.

As Mike said, we really need to get the immunization protocol built and as a country, accelerate that
process to get more and more people comfortable. And then ultimately get schools back in session, get
people back in the office, get people back on the roads, improve discretionary travel, and we think that's
going to happen, but that may take some time. And I think we're going to be sort of patient over the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 02, 2021

course of the year to see that really bear fruit, but definitely better times ahead. We just think it's going to
take a little bit of time to really see that.

I mean, for first quarter, I think, based on the year-over-year, we're probably going to be 90% of last
year's volumes at the retail gasoline level. And again, hope to see improvement over the rest of 2021.

Douglas Todd Terreson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. And then also, Mike, a few minutes ago, you talked about strategic focus and commitment to
corporate responsibility as being key elements. And so that makes it kind of clear to me that your
leadership team believes that we may be experiencing a paradigm shift in energy, maybe more so than
we've had in the past. And so my question is, first of all, do you agree? And second, what are some of the
things that the management team needs to do to stay on the leading edge in the industry, which I think
was the phrase you used a minute ago in this new environment?

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It's a really good question, Doug. So first off, yes, we do believe that there is a paradigm shift
occurring. I like the word energy evolution. So we see that occurring. And I guess, the momentum
towards a low-carbon future is obvious. We're focused on how we position ourselves, as you mentioned.
I felt that we had to get some things in line relative to cost and looking at our portfolio. But a focus on
cost is essential in addition to a lower carbon intensity company to remain competitive for the long term
as these scenarios start to play themselves out.

As you mentioned, we have made a commitment in sustainable energy. And partly, that comes from
lowering the carbon intensity of our assets and increasing our exposure in renewable fuels production.
And we can talk about that in a lot more detail today, but we have our Dickinson facility up and running
and Ray is working through the start-up there. And then we're still very optimistic about what Martinez
can bring to us in that area. And then we're hopeful as technologies advance that we're on top of that and
commercially and responsibly putting ourselves in a position for the future.

So I do agree with your belief that it is a paradigm shift. I do believe there's going to be increasing
momentum towards low carbon. Obviously, everybody sees that occurring through the administration's
announcements as well as many other companies coming out. And our goal is to stay focused on that
change and put Marathon in the best position to be a long-term player in that energy evolution.

Operator

Our next question will come from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Congrats on some better-than-expected results here. I guess the first question is just to build on that is,
refining costs came in certainly better than what we were expecting. And the 2021 stand-alone capital
spending surprised as well to the downside, and that was largely at refining as well. So can you talk about
both of those, the CapEx and the OpEx improvements and how much of it is cyclical given that you still are
running at depressed utilization, although maybe a little bit better than what we had anticipated based on
your guide? And how much of it is structural and that will carry forward as we recover from here?

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Neil. Thanks for that question. So obviously, we've been very focused on cost. I stated that
throughout 2020 that we needed to make a step change. And in refining, particularly, Ray and his team
have taken that and put some really good actions in place, so I'll let him comment in a second.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 02, 2021

But overall, I think what you're seeing from us is trying to reset our overall cost structure, whether it's in
the corporate area or midstream or refining. To your point, we do expect, over time, as we get past the
pandemic for variable costs to come up a little bit. At the same time, we believe that many of the cost
reductions that we have in place are structural. They're fixed cost in nature. Obviously, we're hopeful that
we have more variable costs and that the demand for our products comes back up. But I think you've seen
over the last couple of quarters a pretty sustainable step change, and that's what we were hoping to show
the market.

As far as capital, Neil, what we're doing there is pivoting to what Doug just referred to as a new paradigm.
We have a bunch of projects that are already in progress in refining that we'll continue to finish those
out. Examples of that would be like the STAR project we have going on down in the Gulf Coast. That's an
important project for us. That's still going to take some time to get through. But at the end of the day,
we're going to do those projects that we think are in progress and are still valued. We're going to look for
projects in refining that lower our cost going forward or change the dynamic we have around this energy
evolution. And then obviously, pivot more into the renewable space. We have a bunch of things planned
for both Dickinson and Martinez as kind of the first step in this energy evolution. Renewables is the hot
topic, and I think we're in a real good position to put ourselves in a good spot there. So Ray, do you have
anything you want to add or?

Raymond L. Brooks
Executive Vice President of Refining

Sure, Mike. Neil, I'll just give a little bit more color on the OpEx. And this should be fairly consistent with
what we talked about during the last earnings call. But for OpEx reductions in refining, it wasn't just one
thing. It was a multitude of things. But if I had to key on 2 items, I would say the first is scrutinizing the
number of people in our facilities. This is both contractors and employees. And just looking at the number
of people we have, the number of projects we were working on and so forth and not just cutting people,
but also consolidating contractor companies and really taking an efficiency look at that.

The other thing that we really wanted to do, and our procurement, the supply chain group did a
phenomenal job of working with us, is making sure that we really leverage the spend across our 2.9
million barrel a day refining system. So looking at all of our contracts, goods and services and making sure
that we just had the best terms and best contracts out there.

Just want to jump on to what Mike said earlier, too, is our goal is to make sure that these reductions
are structural as possible. Early on in the pandemic, we did some deferral activity with turnarounds. But
largely, that was to get out of the initial period of March, April, May time frame. But since then, we've
caught up on our turnaround work. And going into this year, we'll do more of the same. So that's just a
little bit more color on OpEx.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

And the follow-up is just on the transaction, the Speedway transaction. Can you just walk us through what
are the gating items to close the deal, your conviction level that you can close it in Q1?

And Mike, I've asked this question so many times over the last couple of months. But can you just kind of
walk through the waterfall again of, you got $16.5 billion of cash coming in, plus another $1.2 billion or so
from the government. And based on where your debt level is, what the sort of the ballpark ability to return
capital to shareholders is, so that framework? So 2 questions there, deal gating factors and then return of
capital framework.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Neil, on the first one, the major gating factor is the FTC process with 7-Eleven. So we're watching the
process. We're contributing where we can and as needed, but that's really a process between 7-Eleven
and the FTC.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 02, 2021

What we know as of today, it continues to go well. And like I say, I use the word we're targeting for the
end of Q1 or we're hopeful that the end of Q1 is the right timing. But really, the gating item is essentially
that process that is not really our process, it's more 7-Eleven and the FTC. So we're supporting it where
we can. As I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we've responded to questions. We're supporting it as
much as we can.

The other activities that we have to get accomplished, which we're very confident will get done is the
transition services. Obviously, it's a major transaction between us and 7-Eleven, and there's some services
that Marathon is going to transition to 7-Eleven over time. So that's been a lot of the internal work that
we've been doing recently.

But the bottom line, and I know everybody keeps asking about use of proceeds. We're as anxious as
anybody to get to that spot. But at the end of the day, the major gating item is we don't have control of
that timing. All we can do is continue to give you the best insight we have. And right now, we still say,
we're hopeful it's end of first quarter. We're targeting that. We think that's achievable based on what we
know. So that's our best guidance at this point.

On your second issue, as far as the use of proceeds, we've tried as best we can to frame what we believe
is the 2 main pillars that we're going to be targeting, which is getting the balance sheet back to where
we want it to be and then return capital to our shareholders as quickly and as efficiently as we can. And
on the first issue, we've tried to make the statement that our debt situation maturities is, there's about
$2.5 billion that comes with essentially minimal friction costs. And we'll jump on that one right away. Right
today, we have a little over $11 billion of debt. We'll continue to try and evaluate, as everybody wants
to know, where is mid-cycle going to be, et cetera, et cetera. We need to work with the agencies. So our
financial team, Maryann and Tom, and the treasury team will work with the agencies as to the proper path
to bring that debt down to a level that we think is the right spot.

In an effort to try and give as much color as we can, we've kind of said to people that, hey, we don't see it
going below $5 billion. And that's kind of like our low refining case, if you want to call it that. So if you say
in that regard, we have about a little over $11 billion. We don't see it going below $5 billion. So a number
to put on the piece of paper is around $6 billion, depending on how well the recovery is and how quick the
recovery is and working with the agencies, et cetera.

Absent that, we said we're going to return capital. We've talked about what's the best way to do that. And
the only reason we don't give additional color there is because at least in our mind, what we believe right
now is end of March is the targeted time frame. So we have another 60 days to go. And we'll continue to
evaluate the market and the opportunities. And we've been going through this internally with our Board,
with our advisers, with ourselves, and we have a pretty good framework, but we just don't want to get
ahead of ourselves in case it takes a little longer than we're expecting.

So we do want to return that capital to shareholders. I personally am a believer that refining, to a large
extent, is a return of capital business. We've got to position ourselves where we're generating cash and
then think about the best way to create value returning it to shareholders. And we've talked about all the
various ways to do that. It's predominantly in a buyback type mode. That's what we're thinking about. And
then there's pros and cons to the various ways that you can do that. And then kind of our commitment is,
once we get close enough that we know we're there, then we'll come on publicly and give a little bit more
color as to how we think that will effect itself. But our goal is, as efficiently and as quickly and effectively
as we can, we want to try and provide that return of capital.

Operator

Our next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Mike and team, I hope you're all doing well. Mike, you're going to hate me for this. I'm going to bleak on
about the same issue with my first question, and I've got a follow-up on the macro for Ray, please. And
it's really, I wanted to do some very quick math with you and make sure I'm thinking about this right.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 02, 2021

So your market cap is about $30 billion. Your share of MPLX, 2/3 is about $16 billion. So let's assume in
a sum of the parts basis, that means that the value recognized for everything else is about $14 billion,
and you're potentially going to have a $10 billion share buyback program, if I net out $6 billion of debt
paydown. Those are pretty enormous numbers, obviously.

So first of all, am I thinking about that right? And secondly, how exactly would you expect to deploy such
a scale of a buyback, which, I guess, is Neil's question? And I'm thinking along the lines of like a bought
deal, a direct regular acquisition of shares in the market. What are you actually thinking about structure
and timing because those numbers are obviously pretty significant when you look at it that way.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Doug, first of all, I don't hate you for asking the question. It's a fair question. And I know you've
asked a few times about, do we plan to use any of the proceeds towards MPLX. As I stated before,
we don't see that as in the best interest. But we do see, to your point, returning that capital. And I
think you've made the point, it will be a large sum of money. It will take some time to effectively do it
efficiently, et cetera. So that's part of what we're kicking around.

And a lot of things come into play. Where is the equity going to be when we actually go to do this, what's
the best method, pros and cons, relative to that? So part of the reason that we don't get more detailed at
this point, I just use this as the example is, when we announced the deal, we were trading in the $30s.
Now we're trading around the mid-$40s or so. And we'll see where we are in 60 days or whatever the
timing turns out to be. Obviously, to your point, if you're trying to convince us we're undervalued, we're
100% aligned with you. We think that there's a lot of opportunity in our equity. But part of the process in
looking at the pros and cons is, where is that equity going to be by the time we get there and what's the
best way to actually go about doing things?

The debt side of it, I mentioned a little bit, that will be ongoing conversations with the rating agencies.
We do want to protect our investment-grade rating. So that's important to us. We want to see how the
pandemic continues to play itself out. As you heard Tim mentioned earlier, you're feeling good and then all
the restrictions and things give you a little bit of a pause, but we're feeling pretty good about that as well.
So taking that all into consideration is what we're thinking about.

And then to your point, it will be a large return of capital. It will definitely take some time. And when we
get there, we'll give as much color as we can as to what we think at that time. And then there'll be some
ongoing dialogue. To your point, the numbers are good, and we're happy that we're in that position. So
we think we'll be able to effect a balance sheet adjustment that's really good for us. We think we'll be able
to effect return of capital that's really good for us. It will take some time. And the only thing that we're
holding out is the method and the timing because we'll have to wait and see when that time comes.

Hopefully, that helps. I'm trying my best to give you guys as much color as I can. But at the same time,
try not to get ahead of where we're going to be when we actually receive the proceeds.

Operator

Our next question will come from Roger Read with Wells Fargo.

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I just want to say, I'm glad to know that we, on the sell side, don't have to talk you into your stock being
undervalued. That's very comforting on our side.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, appreciate that.

Roger David Read

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 02, 2021

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Kidding comment for the day. Yes, to kick back into some of the stuff that's been asked and maybe to dig
a little deeper on a couple of things. First off, I think Doug Terreson mentioned on the crack spreads. But
as we know, at least part of the move in the crack spreads here has been RINs-related. And I know with
the separation of Speedway, you're retaining the RINs inside of the R&M segment. And I was just curious
how you're looking at the impact of the increase in the RINs costs and then how we should think about
that flowing through the company now that we're going to have or I guess, essentially, already have the
separation in terms of how it comes through?

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Roger, that's a good question on RINs. I'll let Brian take that one.

Brian K. Partee
Senior Vice President of Marketing

Roger. Yes. So great question. So RIN expense is real, right? It's cash out the door. We face it. It's an
element of our industry, but RIN costs are also very transparent day in and day out. So we really believe
the full consideration is given really across the entire value chain when you look at refiners, ethanol
producers, blenders, marketers that sit in the value chain and establishing daily prices. So that's not to
say that it's "in the crack." I think empirically, that's very difficult to point to, no different than hydrogen
cost or catalyst cost being in the crack. But it's a very transparent element in the value chain that we
believe is fully considered in the commercial tension across all the various players that we mentioned.

Specific to Speedway, yes, absolutely 0 impact. I mean we've always treated Speedway as a third-party
customer and our contracts across our entire book really give full consideration for RIN costs in value.
But so really no impact, no shift in value when you think about between segments as a result of the
separation.

The last point to make on this really is across our entire book, we have extensive terminal network and a
pretty robust marketing platform, the least of which is the Speedway book of business. So historically or
near historically, the last couple of years, 70% to 75% of our RFS obligation has been met really through
wet blending. With Dickinson, you can add roughly another 10% of that, and you can keep doing the math
into Martinez. So we're quickly approaching 100%. So we feel like historically, we've positioned well on
this issue, we're positioned great today, and we're going to be positioned even better into the future.

Roger David Read
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then, I guess, as a somewhat unrelated follow-up here. I saw on the CapEx
for the renewables, I think -- I'm sorry, I'm going to try to find the chart here. I was flipping around all
the different pages, but I think it's $325 million or $350 million in renewables CapEx in 2021. Is that all
Martinez? I mean I know you've mentioned some other things in renewables. So I was just curious what
all is included in that $350 million? And as we think about Martinez, would it be another $350 million in '22
as just sort of a preliminary way to think about it?

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Roger. So yes, you're right on that most of that is Martinez. That's the way to think about it. There's a
little bit that's dedicated to Dickinson, but mostly Martinez. And that's the start of what we believe is going
to be a multi-phase project. So I'll let Ray give you a little bit more color on that to talk a little bit about
timing and the phased approach that we have to it. But we're pretty excited about the opportunity.

Raymond L. Brooks
Executive Vice President of Refining

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 02, 2021

Thanks, Mike. Yes. As Mike said earlier, we are progressing the Martinez renewable fuels project, and
that is the bulk of the projected renewable spend in 2021. Just to tell you where we are right now. We're
in definition engineering. So we're in the third phase of the engineering on the project. And we're also
working to progress our permit. So we're working with the governmental, the regulatory, the NGO, all the
stakeholders in our project for our aggressive permitting efforts. And our focus remains to have the first
phase, the first of the hydrotreaters reconverted to a renewable diesel facility or diesel unit in the second
half of 2022. And then we would follow that up with the remaining 2 hydrotreaters in 2023, along with the
pretreatment system. So it's a staged project. And the reason that we're doing the first stage in 2022 is
that requires the least amount of equipment modification to do that. So we're still in the evaluation stage,
but I just want to give you a little color on the project.

Operator

Our next question will come from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Mike, I'm so sorry, my line dropped when you were halfway through your question, but I managed to
see the answer in the transcript. So thank you for that. And I apologize, again, everybody. My follow-up
question was probably for Ray. And Ray, it's actually, I guess, a follow-on from Mr. Terreson's question
earlier on crack spreads, but I wanted to be a little bit more specific. It seems to us that we're seeing
naphtha LPG substitution in Asia, probably heat-related, driving up naphtha Brent spreads. And we are
obviously outside the second-order effects then in the gasoline fill. So I'm just wondering if you could
share any observations you have specific to that issue. Are we seeing gasoline crack support coming from
non-transportation sources? I just want to get your color on that. I'll leave it there.

Brian K. Partee
Senior Vice President of Marketing

Yes, Doug, sorry about that. This is Brian Partee. Yes. I think on the naphtha to Brent spread, we have
seen some uptick in the demand over in Asia as a result of, obviously, the cooler temperatures over there
and really the entire petrochemical complex. So we've seen some steady demand outside of the U.S. Gulf
and even beyond moving over to Asia and really moving into the petrochemical space. So I think it's been
supportive to that. I don't know that, that's a long-term structural shift. And in the short term, we've seen
that as a positive.

Operator

Our next question comes from Manav Gupta with Crédit Suisse.

Manav Gupta
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I wanted to focus on the Gulf Coast operating cost, which was like $3.40, down about 31% year-over-year.
This is one of the lowest we have seen it for MPC, and definitely well below a number of your peers. So
what has allowed MPC to achieve this? I know, Mike, you're very focused on cost reductions. But trying to
understand what specifically driving the Gulf Coast cost reductions here?

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Manav, it's a good question. I'll let Ray give you some specifics there.

Raymond L. Brooks
Executive Vice President of Refining

Manav, say, on the Gulf Coast, we have 2 refineries, large refineries, Garyville in Louisiana and Galveston
Bay in Texas. And of course, Garyville has always been a very low-cost refinery for us. And so the ability
to get better there is somewhat limited. The big reductions that we've had in our Gulf Coast structure has

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 02, 2021

been at Galveston Bay. They've made significant improvements in their OpEx, and that really showed in
the back half of 2020.

Manav Gupta
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

A quick follow-up here is on your Dickinson facility. Obviously, you're spending some money right now to
move the product to California. But Canada is talking about introducing the clean fuel standards. They kick
in 2022. The location of that facility would allow you to move the product seemly across the border. So is
that something you are considering? And also, if a pretreatment unit possible at the Dickinson facility also
besides the Martinez facility?

Brian K. Partee
Senior Vice President of Marketing

Manav, this is Brian Partee. Yes. Just to address kind of the market disposition out of Dickinson. Of course,
we're looking for the highest valued markets. The design for Dickinson and the expectation in and around
placement is certainly in California, and that really has proven to be the most lucrative markets out of
the box, but we're having active dialogue with outside of really the West Coast and California, including
Canada, and we'll continue to chase that highest value placement. But with our position in the Portland
area, in the Pacific Northwest, we really feel optimally positioned with a wet physical position to be able
to move product into Canada and even export as well as into California. And we also think long term with
the contemplated project at Martinez is really complementary to having kind of a robust position out in the
West Coast.

And then the last thing I would say, beyond just Canada, there's a lot of different contemplated low carbon
fuel standards in the U.S. as well that with the load out on rail, we have really ultimate flexibility, only
limited by the rail infrastructure in the U.S., which is quite robust.

So a long-winded way of saying, we really feel like we've got a good -- we're in a great position logistically
to optimize the placement of the product out of Dickinson.

Manav Gupta
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Would you ever consider a pretreatment unit at Dickinson also?

Raymond L. Brooks
Executive Vice President of Refining

We have pretreatment options for Dickinson, but that would be at our facility at Beatrice to pretreat corn
oil. So that is in progress.

Operator

Our next question will come from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

I think the first question I have is for Ray. Ray, the OpEx cost in refining and the distribution cost is really
impressive. So at this point, is it the bulk of the, say, whatever it is you are doing that you think you're
already capturing it, as you say, like in Garyville that is limited upside or that -- I mean, I'm sure that you
continue to drive the cost down, but is that really a step function change from this point on that we could
expect or that this is a pretty good base and any improvement would be pretty limited? So that's the first
question.

The second question is probably for Mike and Brian. Brian, I mean, if we look at your old firm, they are
far more aggressive in their commercial trading and everything. So when we're looking at Marathon, do
you have the right system in place and also the right personnel for your organization or that, that really is
only the first step and you're going to take some time for you to build it out? And where you see the most

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 02, 2021

opportunities for the improvement in return and earnings from that operation and where is the risk? And
are we going to see that increase the risk?

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

So Paul, I'll start on both of them, and then I'll let Ray and Brian chip in. So on the cost, we've made
a significant move, as you've noted. We're going to challenge ourselves in '21 and beyond to continue
to look at each part of our portfolio and where we're spending money, whether it's in refining or on the
corporate side, et cetera. So I don't want to ever say that we're done. At the same time, I do appreciate
acknowledging that it was a pretty significant move. I mean, we decided, when I put out the 3 initiatives,
that costs would be a major part of what we were doing in 2020. So that's why it got a lot of attention but
it continues on, right? It's not something that's over just because we've come to the end of the year or
whatever. So I'll let Ray comment a little bit more on refining.

And then on your second question, relative to commercial and systems. I mean one of the things if you
look at in our disclosure on capital is we are spending some money at the corporate level to try and
improve ourselves from a digital standpoint. Doug mentioned, we're moving into a low-carbon future.
The business has also become much more strategic from a digital standpoint. And our new Chief Digital
Officer has a lot of good thoughts that will help our commercial teams advance the ball. So we're going
to try and deploy capital in that regard and put ourselves in a much better position from an information
standpoint so that we can act on it better commercially. But I'll let Ray jump in and Brian, if he wants to
add something there.

Raymond L. Brooks
Executive Vice President of Refining

Sure, Paul. On the OpEx, I'm prepared to answer that because Mike actually ask that to me all the time.
Are we done yet? Is there more to do? What I'll tell you is, with $1 billion of cost taken out of the system,
we took a big bite out of the apple in 2020. But what I'll tell you is that the culture is there as far as
questioning everything we do, whether it's a person replacement, whether it's a project need to do
or whatever. There's definitely the mentality in refining to question everything that we do from a cost
standpoint.

The one thing that I want to emphasize, though, is the one thing that's not in play is anything that would
impact the safety or environmental performance of our refineries. Mike, in his opening comments, talked
about 2020 being the safest and best environmental performance that we had. So that always is a key
thing, but our team really is questioning everything we do beyond that.

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Ray, just curious that in September, you guys have a restructuring effort and about 1,000 people from
the Martinez and also Gallup people are gone. So is that benefit already fully factoring in into the fourth
quarter or we have another leg up in the first quarter that we will see the benefit come in?

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

On that one, Paul, you'll see some of the benefit occurring in the first quarter. We did the restructuring
in the back end of 2020, but you'll actually see the benefit in the first quarter. But before I turn it over to
Brian Partee, I want to -- since we have 2 Brians now, you may have been asking relative to Brian Davis,
who's just joined us. But Brian Davis is not on the call for today. But I'll let Brian Partee talk a little bit
from products, and I'll let Rick kick in with a little bit from crude. And by our next call, Brian Davis will be
with us, and we'll be able to get his insights as well.

Brian K. Partee
Senior Vice President of Marketing

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 02, 2021

Yes. Thank, Mike. Paul, this is Brian Partee. Yes. Just to answer your question on people and systems
and commercial opportunity. The short answer is absolutely, yes. I mean, we've gone through a massive
transformation over the last several months realigning on the clean product side of the business our
marketing, supply and trading, our international book as well into one unified organization. So I think just
org structure alone has helped unleash opportunities. As Mike indicated, we're spending quite a bit of time
building out for a massive system to integrate the back office, and that's in-flight and underway and really
long term see great potential. And we're starting to see the benefits of that already.

And when we think about commercial performance, it's not just revenue, it's looking at the expense and
distribution costs, as you called out earlier, inventory positions as well. So it's really the full deployment
of capital across the value chain, not just on the revenue side, but I'm extraordinarily encouraged with
where we're at. And we're really pivoting Paul, to be quite honest with you, from really a legacy of more
of an operational focus with refining over the last decade running full capacity and utilizing physically the
infrastructure and arbs to maximize value, to the system that we're in today, which is requiring a little
different playbook and more commerciality. So we're excited to work with the team to bring that all to
bear, and we're seeing benefits already. We'll continue to build on that here over the next year.

Paul Cheng
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

And Mike, can I just sneak in with a really quick question. Should we look at over the next several years
the CapEx for 2021 will be sort of the baseline and you're not going to be substantially higher than that?

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Paul. On capital, we're not giving guidance beyond that, but I can give you my general philosophy is,
like I mentioned earlier, we're going to obviously finish the projects that we have in progress. So some of
those are going to go in '21, into '22. So that's ongoing.

As far as investment in refining, asking Ray to look at ideas that reduce cost and put ourselves in a
position for a low-carbon future. So energy intensity, as an example, is something that still matters a lot
in the energy evolution. Looking at putting ourselves in a position where we check both of those boxes
of cost and carbon emission reductions, et cetera, are going to be top of mind for us. At the same time,
we're pivoting to investment into renewables in some of the other areas, which we'll give you some more
color as time goes on. But I think that's the general philosophy of it.

As far as the absolute spend, we'll obviously give guidance as we progress. But I think just in general,
I think that's the philosophy that you should be thinking about. And it kind of started off with the way
Doug asked the question. We do think there's a paradigm shift occurring. And our reaction to that is, get
our costs down, be very conscious of the new environment, trying to check off 2 birds with 1 stone, put
ourselves portfolio-wise in a position where our refining assets are in a good spot for many decades to
come, that's obviously a goal for us, and position ourselves that the products we're making are what the
demand in the market is.

So that's kind of our overall philosophy, and we'll continue to challenge what we're doing in that area. And
we tried to give you a little bit more color with that breakdown of capital. So hopefully, that helps people
get a sense of what we're thinking philosophy-wise.

Operator

Our next question will come from Benny Wong with Morgan Stanley.

Benny Wong
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

My first question is really on your outlook on the gasoline market. I think over the next couple of years,
we're going to see almost 1 million barrels per day of capacity come offline, arguably half of that is going
to be gasoline. And if I kind of look at the imports over the last 5 years, we've been importing about
500,000 barrels per day. If demand kind of rounds back up to more of a normal environment, could we get
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 02, 2021

back to more of an importing scenario for the U.S.? Is that kind of a reasonable way to think about it or
how do you guys think about that?

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

So I'll start off and I'll let the guys jump in. So one of the things, Benny, that I think everybody is
obviously trying to understand is what does the supply/demand look like post pandemic. And we obviously
are seeing in the short term the demand reduction, supply rationalizations in progress. But how that all
plays itself out at the end of the day is still an unknown. We tend to, like I said earlier, we look at the
banks of the river. We anticipated some challenges on the supply/demand coming into the decade. That's
part of the reason why we wanted to focus on cost reductions.

But the question of where does the supply/demand end up after the pandemic, after the demand settles to
a new normal, wherever that's going to be, after the rationalization settles out to where that's going to be,
I think that's still the question that we're all trying to get our arms around. For us, like I keep saying is,
we try to look at it from a banks of the river standpoint. And then we'll assess it as time goes on. I don't
know if you guys have anything to add. They're shaking their heads. So I think that's the best we can give
you at this point.

Benny Wong
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Mike, that's very helpful. And can you just remind us, like if we look at MPC's system, what's the ability
to flex your gasoline yield? And then how different is that from the U.S. complex, is it more or less or
relatively in line?

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Are you asking, Benny, like flex between gasoline and distillate, is that what you're asking?

Benny Wong
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Yes. Like how high can you get your yield in terms of gasoline output overall?

Raymond L. Brooks
Executive Vice President of Refining

Yes, Benny, this is Ray. We typically will have like a 10% swing that would swing between our gasoline and
diesel, and we'll do that based on the economics that we see. And what I'll tell you in the last year and the
pandemic, you've seen us do it both ways, seeing us all the way to diesel and challenging ourselves how
much more diesel can we make, and we've gone back to the other direction.

Rick D. Hessling
Senior Vice President of Crude Oil Supply & Logistics

Yes, Benny, this is Rick. Just one thing I'll add to that, to Ray's comments on yield. A lot of that is driven
by e-com and then a lot of that is driven by the sweet-sour spread, the heavy to light spread. So as we've
stated many times, we have great flexibility by region as you'll continue to see as we pivot from sweets
to sours, from heavies to lights. We often say 1/3, 2/3, but that varies by region, and that gives us the
flexibility to really turn that yield knob.

Operator

Our next question will come from Prashant Rao with Citibank.

Prashant Raghavendra Rao
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 02, 2021

First one, Mike, I wanted to touch back on the leaning into renewables. You've talked about it several
times on this call. So I wanted to take a big picture view. Ultimately, how do you think about your
ambitions here? And would you think about, at some point, maybe as we go forward, holding that out
either as a separate earnings stream or a separate segment? I think some of the peers in the space are
starting to allude to or are starting to do that, helping sort of analysts and investors to quantify that and
sort of gauge where the progress is. So that's my first question. And within that too, sort of a tag along
is on the carbon capture. I know you've talked about carbon emission reduction and energy intensity
earlier in this call. I was curious, there's opportunities with adding carbon capture on LCFS programs that
are fairly attractive. So I wanted to sort of ask on that. And then I just had a follow-up on the cash flow
statement after that.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Prashant, on your first one, as far as renewables and segment results, we do have that on the
radar screen. At some point, we think that may be appropriate for us. As you know, we just started up
Dickinson, so we don't even have a full quarter yet. So once we get Dickinson up and running and are
generating results, and then we have Martinez coming behind that, then we'll have more of a significant
discussion point on actual results as opposed to where we are today, which is anticipating those results.

So I can see that at some point. I would say, one of the things that we've worked with Kristina and her
team on is trying to be very consistent so people can get a good insight into the things that we're doing
today. But at some point in the future, I think you could see some changes from us. And we'll give you,
obviously, a heads-up when we're thinking of doing that. Second question was...

Raymond L. Brooks
Executive Vice President of Refining

Carbon capture.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes, carbon capture, and I'll let Ray jump in on this as well. I mean, right now, in all of the areas of low-
carbon future or climate areas, there's a lot of things on the plate. Obviously, renewable diesel, as you
mentioned, is kind of at the top of the list because we're executing on that as we speak. But there's a lot
of different items that we haven't talked a lot about, technologies, different areas that we think we can
drive our carbon footprint down. And there's different ways, whether it's capture or many other areas
that we have on the radar screen, and we're looking at it. We want to make sure that what we're thinking
about is economical for us, going to create value for the shareholders. Like I said, if we can hit 2 birds
with 1 stone, that's the best of all worlds. So I'll let Ray comment specifically on capture.

Raymond L. Brooks
Executive Vice President of Refining

Yes. What I'll just add on capture is that's something that's on the radar screen. We're looking at
opportunities there. And I'll just emphasize that the capture part is the easier part, the sequestration is a
little bit more of the challenging part. So you have opportunities within hydrogen plants and some of our
other operations to do capture and sequestration. I'll just say that it's on the radar screen. We're looking
at it, but nothing more incremental to really say at this point.

Prashant Raghavendra Rao
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Okay, appreciate all the color. And then just a quick follow-up on the financial statements, particularly
on the cash flow. Working capital was obviously a good tailwind in the quarter, sort of a two-parter. One,
how to think about that here in 1Q, if that holds up towards -- if we see a bit of a reversal? And secondly,
within the Speedway portion of discontinued is working cap also. I'm assuming was included in that. Was
that also sort of positive there as well?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 02, 2021

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Prashant, on working capital, as we've said in the past is, there's a rule of thumb that as flat price
moves, we have essentially a net 20 days exposure to that. So as flat price moves itself up, that's
obviously a source of capital for us. And if flat price were to come down, like we saw in the early part of
2020, then it's a use of capital. So part of that, that you're going to see is depending on where crude price
is and product prices are. But as a general rule, we're about a net 20-day exposure there.

Prashant Raghavendra Rao
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Okay. And that Speedway number in the discontinued also included working capital as well? That's not,
just to clarify, that's not an ex working capital number, correct?

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

I don't know if I'm understanding your question there.

Prashant Raghavendra Rao
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

The working capital, sorry, not the working capital, the cash flow from ops, I apologize. The cash flow from
ops from Speedway that was in the discontinued portion, I just wanted to just clarify if that includes any
working capital impacts to Speedway in the discontinued portion of cash flows, if that makes sense. I was
just sort of trying to suss out how much of working capital impact is still in MPC after Speedway, but I can
take that question offline as well, Mike.

Michael J. Hennigan
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Probably better to take it offline.

Operator

Thank you. That is all the time that we have for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Kristina
Kazarian for closing remarks.

Kristina Anna Kazarian
Vice President of Investor Relations

Sounds great. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. If you have any follow-ups after the call,
our team is available to help out with those.

And with that, I'll turn it back to the operator.

Operator
Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you again for your participation. You may
disconnect at this time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 02, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

