Marathon Oil Corporation NYSE:MRO
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 06, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.11

0.21

90.91

0.13

0.60

0.39

Revenue  (mm)

1111.57

1071.00

(3.65 %)

1039.40

4321.02

4301.09

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-06-2021 9:48 AM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

(0.64)

(0.28)

(0.20)

0.11

(0.60)

(0.28)

(0.12)

0.21

NM

NM

NM

90.91 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Dane E. Whitehead
Executive VP & CFO

Guy Allen Baber
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Michael A. Henderson
Executive Vice President of
Operations

Patrick J. Wagner
Executive Vice President of
Corporate Development & Strategy

ANALYSTS

Arun Jayaram
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

Jeanine Wai
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Neal David Dingmann
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Nitin Kumar
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the Marathon Oil First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. My name is
Brandon, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being
recorded.

I will now turn the call over to Guy Baber, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin, sir.

Guy Allen Baber
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Brandon, and thank you to everyone for joining us this morning on the call. Yesterday, after the
close, we issued a press release, a slide presentation and an investor packet that address our first quarter
2021 results. Those documents can be found on our website at marathonoil.com.

Joining me on today's call are Lee Tillman, our Chairman, President and CEO; Dane Whitehead, Executive
VP and CFO; Pat Wagner; Executive VP of Corporate Development & Strategy; and Mike Henderson,
Executive VP of Operations.

Today's call will contain forward-looking statements subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. I'll refer everyone
to the cautionary language included in the press release and presentation materials as well as to the risk
factors described in our SEC filings.

Now with that, I'll turn the call over to Lee, who will provide his opening remarks. We'll also hear from
Dane and Mike today before we go to our question-and-answer session. Lee?

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Guy, and good morning to everyone listening to our call today. I want to begin by once again
thanking our employees and contractors for their dedication and hard work and putting together another
quarter of outstanding execution.

Not only have our teams continue to manage through the COVID-19 pandemic as critical essential
infrastructure providers. They also successfully overcame the challenges of Winter Storm Uri during first
quarter, maintaining their focus on safety, while still delivering on all of our core operational and financial
objectives.

Though 2020 was a challenging year for our industry, it also brought with it opportunity. And Marathon
Oil chose to leverage the supply/demand crisis to further optimize and enhance our business model. We
high-graded and focused our capital program. We lowered our cost structure and we further improved our
financial strength and flexibility. As a result, we have dramatically enhanced the resilience of our company,
driving our free cash flow breakevens consistently below $35 per barrel WTI and building on a multiyear
trend of sustainable free cash flow and getting that cash back in the hands of our investors.

And we have dramatically enhanced our ability to sustainably deliver robust financial outcomes. Financial
outcomes that can compete with any sector in the S&P 500 and do so across a much broader and lower
range of commodity prices. We recognize that given the inherent volatility of our commodity business
that we must offer outsized free cash flow generation, coupled with investor-friendly actions to make a
compelling investment case. To that end, first quarter '21 results are a testament to the strength of our
business model and how we have positioned our company for success.

During first quarter, we generated over $440 million of free cash flow. Despite the challenges associated
with Winter Storm Uri, production volumes were in line with the midpoint of our full year 2021 guidance,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

and we are fully on track to meet the annual production, CapEx and cost guidance we provided at the
beginning of the year. And we are on track to exceed our free cash flow objectives.

For $1 billion of capital spending, we now expect to generate $1.6 billion of free cash flow at $60 per
barrel WTI, up from the prior guidance of around $1.5 billion. This corresponds to a free cash flow yield
approaching 20% and a sub 40% reinvestment rate. All at an assumed oil price that is below the current
forward curve. We remain committed to our $1 billion capital program. There will be no change to our
capital budget even if oil prices continue to strengthen. We will simply generate more free cash flow
and further solidify our standing as an industry leader when it comes to capital discipline, a hard-earned
reputation we have established over multiple years. We have accelerated our balance sheet and return of
capital objectives, the specifics of which Dane will cover in just a few minutes.

Importantly, everything that we are doing is sustainable. Our peer-leading capital efficiency, our outsized
free cash flow generation, our competitive cost structure, our investment-grade balance sheet and our
rising return of capital profile. The proof point for this sustainability is our 5-year benchmark maintenance
scenario that can deliver around $5 billion of free cash flow from 2021 to 2025 and a flat $50 per barrel
WTI price environment or closer to $7 billion of free cash flow at the current forward curve, along with a
corporate free cash flow breakeven of less than $35 per barrel throughout the period. And the foundation
for these differentiated financial outcomes is our multi-basin U.S. portfolio with well over a decade of high-
return inventory, complemented by our integrated gas position in EG.

Finally, we are leading the way in our approach to ESG excellence and are committed to continually
enhancing all elements of our company's ESG performance. Safety remains our top priority, we are
building on the record safety performance we delivered last year with a very strong start to 2021,
as measured by total recordable incident rate. Best-in-class governance remains at the forefront of
everything we do. We have appointed 2 new directors to the Board this year and remain committed to
ongoing refreshment, independence and diversity. We also reduced and redesigned executive and Board
compensation for improved alignment with investors as I highlighted early this year.

And last but not least, we remain committed to reducing our greenhouse gas emissions intensity. We
made tremendous strides during 2020, reducing our overall GHG intensity by approximately 25%. We
are hard at work to achieve our GHG intensity reduction target of 30% in 2021, a metric hardwired into
our compensation scorecard as well as our goal for a 50% reduction by 2025, both relative to our 2019
baseline. And we have included $100 million of investment over the 5 years of the benchmark scenario to
support this goal.

With that brief summary of how we have positioned our company for success, I would like to turn it over
to our CFO, Dane Whitehead, to share the notable acceleration of our balance sheet and return of capital
objectives.

Dane E. Whitehead
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Lee, and good morning, everybody. At the center of our capital allocation and reinvestment
rate framework is our objective to return at least 30% of our cash flow from operations back to our
investors. Our capital return strategy prioritizes balance sheet enhancement through gross debt reduction
and direct return of capital to equity holders through our base dividend and over time, likely through other
return vehicles as well.

We have a strong track record of generating free cash flow and directing that cash back to our investors,
are fully committed to this model and are well positioned to meaningfully beat our objectives in 2021.
When considering our updated debt reduction target on recent base dividend increase, we're actually on
track to return well over 40% of our cash flow back to investors this year.

First, we accelerated our 2021 gross debt reduction objective of $500 million, fully retiring our next
significant maturity and we're now targeting at least another $500 million of gross debt reduction, bringing
our total 2021 debt reduction target to $1 billion. Reducing our gross debt is entirely consistent with our
goal to further enhance our balance sheet, our investment-grade credit rating.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

More specifically, our goal has been to reduce our net debt-to-EBITDA to below 1.5x, assuming more of
a mid-cycle $45 to $50 per barrel WTI environment. We're making rapid progress toward achieving this
milestone by the end of the year. And in parallel, our aim is to significantly reduce our gross debt moving
toward a $4 billion gross debt level.

Beyond the obvious benefit to our financial flexibility, the interest expense reductions associated with
the structural gross debt reduction have the added potential to fund future dividend increases at no
incremental cost to the company, thereby preserving our very competitive post-dividend corporate free
cash flow breakeven.

Along with reducing our gross debt, we also raised our quarterly base dividend by 33%. Our objective is
to pay a base dividend that is both competitive relative to our peer group in the S&P 500 and sustainable
throughout commodity price cycles. Our decision to raise our dividend is a sign of our confidence in the
strength and sustainability of our financial performance, and we see potential for disciplined, sustainable
and competitive base dividend growth over time.

We're targeting up to 10% of our cash flow from operations toward the base dividend, assuming $45 to
$50 price environment, and we currently have ample headroom to progress under this framework. And to
ensure sustainability through the price cycle, we're focused on maintaining our post-dividend breakeven
well below $40 a barrel WTI. In fact, even with the recent dividend increase, our post-dividend free cash
flow breakeven currently sits around $35 per barrel of WTI.

In summary, we are well positioned this year to return over 40% of our cash flow to investors through
gross debt reduction and our base dividend, our top near-term priorities. As we make significant
progress toward our $4 billion gross debt objective, we will likely take the balance of 2021 to accomplish.
And as we continue to advance further base dividend growth in line with our framework, we'll look to
transition towards simply retiring debt as it matures and focusing more on alternative shareholder return
mechanisms, including share buybacks or variable dividends, all funded through sustainable free cash flow
generation.

Before I turn the call over to Mike Henderson, who will provide an update on our 2021 operational
performance and capital program, I'd like to address an issue that has been topical recently, and that
is cash taxes. We are not a cash taxpayer in the U.S. this year. And at prevailing commodity prices, we
don't expect to be paying U.S. cash federal income taxes until the latter part of this decade. This holds
true even if the tax rules for intangible drilling costs or IDCs are changed or if the corporate tax rate has
increased.

We have significant tax attributes in the form of net operating losses, approximately $8.4 billion on a
gross basis, in addition to foreign tax credits of over $600 million. These attributes will be used to offset
future taxes. Neither of these items is energy sector specific, so we don't expect any new tax legislation to
threaten them. The bottom line is we don't expect to be a U.S. cash taxpayer until the latter part of this
decade.

Now I'll turn it over to Mike Henderson, our EVP of Operations.

Michael A. Henderson
Executive Vice President of Operations

Thanks, Dane. My key message today is that we're on track to achieve all of our 2021 operational
objectives that we set at the beginning of the year, including our $1 billion capital program, and that we
are on track to exceed the free cash flow objectives.

Our strong performance is due to tremendous execution from our asset teams during first quarter,
despite the significant challenges associated with Winter Storm Uri. Flat quarter-on-quarter, total oil
production of 172,000 barrels per day was quite an accomplishment in light of the operational challenges
we experienced and the impact to production you've seen reported by peer companies.

Our teams did an exceptional job keeping our volumes online and delivering much needed production at
a time when utilities and households were in critical need. Our success began with extensive preplanning

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

efforts and continued with a hands-on approach to managing our operations throughout the storm. We
did not proactively shut in our volumes as a preventative measure, rather we fully leveraged our digital
infrastructure to prioritize protecting our highest volume, highest rate wells, intelligently routing operators
to our highest priority locations. All the while, we kept the safety of our people as our top priority.

Our hands-on approach clearly paid off, and our operational and financial results speak for themselves.
Our capital spending during 1Q came in slightly below expectations, reflecting solid well cost execution,
but also the shift in timing of some capital from first to second quarter, largely due to storm-driven delays.

Looking ahead to 2Q, we expect a slight sequential decline in our oil production, the result of fewer wells
to sales in the first quarter, particularly in the Bakken. This is simply a function of the timing of our wells
to sales, reflecting a natural level of quarter-to-quarter variability. We will continue to prioritize maximizing
our capital efficiency and free cash flow generation sustainably over time, not the production output of any
individual quarter.

We do expect the significant increase in our second quarter wells to sales to translate to an improving
production trend as we move into third quarter. With the increase in wells to sales and shifting capital
from 1Q to 2Q, we expect 2Q CapEx to rise to the $300 million range, likely representing the peak CapEx
quarter for the year. Still, our capital program is fairly well balanced and ratable, split almost 50-50
between the first half and second half of the year.

More importantly, our full year capital spending and production guidance remain unchanged. As the most
capital-efficient basins across the Lower 48, the Bakken and Eagle Ford will still receive approximately
90% of our capital this year. However, both our Oklahoma and Permian assets have high-return
opportunities that can effectively compete for capital today. Both assets provide capital allocation
optionality, commodity diversification and incremental high-quality inventory.

Consistent with what we previously disclosed in our 5-year maintenance case and our plan entering the
year, our objective is to reintroduce a disciplined level of steady-state activity back into Oklahoma and
the Permian by 2022 at 20% to 30% of the total capital budget. When we do, our expectation is that both
assets will support accretive corporate returns and incremental free cash flow to the enterprise.

I will now pass it back to Lee, who will provide a few more comments before we move to Q&A.

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Mike. I would like to briefly put the 2021 capital program, Mike just discussed, into context by
comparing our capital efficiency, our cost structure and our free cash flow generation to peer disclosures
from the fourth quarter earnings season.

As highlighted by Slide 10 in our earnings deck, our 2021 capital program is among the most capital-
efficient and free cash flow generative of any company in our peer space. The top 2 graphics summarize
peer reinvestment rate normalized to a $50 and $60 WTI price environment. As you can see, our
reinvestment rate, which is a reasonable proxy for both operating and capital efficiency in a maintenance
or flat production scenario is among the lowest in our peer group. For every dollar of capital we are
spending, we are delivering more cash flow than virtually any of our peers. Similarly, our 2021 CapEx per
barrel of production on either an oil or oil equivalent basis is among the lowest in our space.

In the current more disciplined environment, operating and capital efficiency are paramount and, in fact,
represent our competitive differentiators. Most importantly, as shown by the bottom right graphic, our free
cash flow generation relative to our current valuation remains compelling and outsized against our peers
and the broader market with a free cash flow yield approaching 20%.

We continue to believe that we must deliver outsized free cash flow generation relative to the S&P 500
to effectively compete for investor capital. This is why we remain so focused on sustainably reducing our
corporate free cash flow breakeven, now an integral part of our compensation scorecard, and continuing to
optimize our cost structure.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

With a free cash flow breakeven comfortably below $35 per barrel, we can generate free cash flow yield
competitive with the S&P 500, assuming an annual oil price down to approximately $40 per barrel WTI.

We never rest when it comes to our structure. In a commodity business, the low-cost producer wins, and
Slide 11 provides additional details around our ongoing efforts and reinforces our multiyear track record
of cash cost reductions. We have opted to use an all-in cost basis that normalizes peer-reported data and
avoids the challenges of how each operator categorizes their respective cost.

As you can see from the data, our all-in 2020 unit cash costs are well below the peer average. On a more
apples-to-apples comparison basis, our all-in unit cost are top quartile among our direct multi-basin peers.
Specific cost reduction actions already taken this year are broad-based, including a 25% reduction to CEO
and Board compensation, a 10% to 20% reduction to other corporate officer compensation, a workforce
reduction to more appropriately align our headcount with a lower level of future activity, a full exit from
corporate-owned and leased aircraft and various other cost reduction initiatives.

Finally, I would like to again underscore the sustainability of all that we are doing. The sustainability of our
sector-leading capital efficiency and free cash flow generation is underscored by the financial strength of
our previously disclosed 5-year benchmark maintenance capital scenario. And our maintenance scenario
is underpinned by well over a decade of high-quality inventory that competes very favorably in the peer
group as validated by credible third-party independent analysis shown on Slide 13. The quality and depth
of our inventory, in combination with our reinvestment rate capital allocation approach, provides us with
visibility to continued strong financial performance.

Further, we have a demonstrated track record of ongoing organic enhancement and inventory
replenishment. Even in our maintenance scenario, we continue to direct capital toward resource play
exploration and targeted organic enhancement initiatives, including our redevelopment program in the
Eagle Ford.

In conclusion, I truly believe our combined actions have positioned Marathon Oil for success not only
relative to our E&P peer group, but relative to the broader S&P 500 as well. And our long-term incentives
now reflect that conviction explicitly. Our company was among the first to recognize the need to move
to a business model that prioritizes returns, sustainable free cash flow, balance sheet improvement and
return of capital. We also led the way in better aligning executive compensation to this new model and
with investor expectations. We are positioned to deliver both financial outcomes and ESG excellence that
are competitive, not just with our direct E&P peers, but also the broader market.
With that, we can now open up the line for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And from Barclays, we have Jeanine Wai.

Jeanine Wai
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Our first question is on return of capital. And Dane, you gave some incremental good commentary there
in your prepared remarks. So the new target is at least $500 million more for the year. Ultimately, you
want to get to $4 billion gross versus the $5 billion that you're at now. And -- so what actually determines
how much of that -- or what determines how much above the new $500 million target that you're doing
specifically for this year? Does the at least part of the $500 million target, does that reflect that you need
to do this opportunistically in the open market because you have to go after 2025 or is it more that you're
just going to see whatever you can get done with free cash flow this year?

And I guess, what we're really trying to back into is figuring out whether getting to that $4 billion growth
is mutually exclusive to maybe pulling the trigger on the variable distribution to equity holders because, I
guess, based on our free cash flow forecast, we think you could get to $4 billion growth by the end of the
year, still have good operating cash balance, et cetera, et cetera.

Dane E. Whitehead
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think at current commodity prices, Jeanine, we are well positioned to meet all the financial
objectives I laid out and get to sort of the next leg of visibility to variable returns. Just kind of -- if I
can just back up a second and kind of frame up where we are. I went through it relatively quickly in my
prepared comments. To our goal, 30% of cash flow from operations to investors in a combination of debt
reduction and base dividend near term and then variable vehicles maybe longer term. On track from 40%,
$1 billion debt reduction this year based on our new goal, plus $120 million of dividends. And paying down
debt and looking at the base dividend and make sure it remains competitive or not mutually exclusive,
we'll continue to look at that.

Our goal has been to reduce net debt-to-EBITDA to sub 1.5x in a $45 to $50 world. Clearly, in the current
market price world, where they're already, but we're looking at a more conservative longer-term price
deck and we're trying to manage, too. In parallel with that, we laid out a $4 billion gross debt target. And
so hence, your question, is it $500 million? Or is it more? And how are you going to accomplish it? We
definitely will need to tender the 2022 $500 million maturity that we took out earlier this year was pretty
near-term maturity. So we could just do -- make whole redemption on that. We'll be going to a tender
process for the next tranche of debt. And it's more art and science for sure. You're really trying to balance
the quantum of debt, the premium you're willing to pay and the ultimate interest rate -- interest expense
reduction, which is a real benefit of the process as well.

So market conditions matter a lot when you go. We'll certainly want to make sure we've got the cash to
fund whatever we do. And so probably in the second half of the year, we'll go -- and the answer to your
question is, will we stick to $500 million or will we upsize, it's really going to depend on market conditions
at the time. We'll have to make a market judgment then. But it's certainly not off the table.

The 1 other thing I'll leave you with, just a reminder that we have forward starting interest rate swaps
with a notional value of $850 million. They have a mark-to-market value. Today's pricing of roughly $85
million. And it's very levered to 10-year treasury rates. So if treasury rates go up, that -- those swaps will
continue to go up. And that's a nice vehicle to help us pay premiums in a tender transaction.

Jeanine Wai
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Okay. That's interesting. Maybe for a second question, just switching to operations here. It's kind of a
philosophical one, little nuance, not sure if it matters that it kind of does to us. But given good efficiencies
and good well performance this year and you're already at the midpoint of the full year oil guide at 172
and you've been at that level for 3 quarters now. Is the preference for 2021, is it to really hit the full year
production guide on the least amount of CapEx? And I guess I'm just asking because we see inflation on
the horizon, we see activity picking up maybe more on the private side of things. And companies seem
to be in 2 camps. And some say that they -- if they can produce more oil in the same CapEx this year,
that's great. And others are just adamant that there's going to be no growth period this year. So we're just
wondering what camp you're in.

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Jeanine, this is Lee. First of all, we are in the camp of prioritizing capital efficiency and free cash flow,
not the production output of any given quarter. So there's going to be some natural variability as we move
through the year. But our #1 objectives really revolve around delivering financial outcomes, not production
outcomes. So perhaps we're a third camp then based on your description.

So that's where our focus is going to be as we're going to be really focused on meeting that objective
that Dane put out there, which is a minimum of that 30% return of cash back to our investors. We're
already trending well above that, above 40%, even with just the new debt targets and the base dividend
increases. And I think we still will have -- again, if prices remain constructive, we still have additional
headroom moving through the year. But that's really our perspective is to maintain that capital and
operating efficiency and deliver on that more from a financial lens as opposed to a production lens.

Operator

From JPMorgan Chase, we have Arun Jayaram.

Arun Jayaram
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I was wondering if you could give us your thought process, the Board's thought process on variable
dividends versus buybacks? And who do you think is a clubhouse leader at this point? Obviously, Devon
appears to be getting some credit for its policy. So just wanted to get your thought process and where
your head is at today?

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I'll maybe offer a few comments, then I can certainly let Dane jump in. First, I would just say, Arun,
everything is on the table. Our near-term priorities, I think, as Dane very clearly laid out, are achieving
our gross and net debt reduction targets. The net debt reduction targets really calibrated to more of a
mid-cycle pricing environment. Essentially, we're already there in the current environment, but we're not
going to lean on just the EBITDA performance. We want to structurally improve our balance sheet. Hence,
both the combination of both net debt and gross debt targets.

Beyond that, as Dane mentioned in his opening remarks, is we still believe that we have room to grow
within our base dividend structure. We've made 1 change. We bumped the dividend by a bit over 30%
this quarter or at -- subsequent to this quarter. And we still believe using that kind of 10% of cash from
operations as a metric in a mid-cycle environment, that there is still room to maneuver there.

So we believe in the near term, we have our priorities set correctly. As we transition from that, I think the
other opportunities that you've highlighted become more in play. And again, we're not presupposing an
answer today. We're going to look to get the capital back to our investors in the most efficient manner
possible. We're continuing to look at how variable dividends are received in the marketplace. We also, of
course, have the lever of still having an outstanding authorization on share repurchases as well.

So that's a future decision. But clearly, it's one that is getting discussed today with the Board and
internally. And we're also watching market response as well. But we think the starting point of structural
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

gross debt reduction coupled with a competitive and sustainable base dividend is really the starting point
to even have that discussion.

Operator

And from Bank of America, we have Doug Leggate.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

I wonder -- maybe Dane or one of the other guys would like to take this, but Lee, the focus on the balance
sheet is always pretty palpable in terms of your capacity to accelerate into a much stronger position
relative to your peer group. My question is what happens next? Because clearly, there's a lot of assets
for sale and the words of Ryan Lance of Conoco, there's a lot of companies doing the same thing. And
I completely agree with the business model that you've put together. Question is, can you take that to
someone else's assets? So it's basically an M&A question. You've talked about cash returns. You haven't
talked about M&A. So I wonder if you could just address that.

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

No, happy to do so, Doug. I guess, first of all, Doug, all opportunities in M&A, we're going to view through
the lens of our very strong organic case. And we've already talked about that industry-leading capital
efficiency, strong free cash flow yields. In fact, yields approaching 20% on current equity valuation and all
that's supported by well over a decade of very high-quality inventory with extremely low breakeven.

So I say all that and couple that with the 5-year benchmark scenario because that really does, in many
ways, set the bar that we have to clear for any M&A, large or small. And we have been very disciplined.
We have a very clear criteria around any inorganic opportunities. We're not going to move away from that
criteria. We operate in 4 of the key basins in the U.S. and not surprisingly, we're engaged in the evaluation
and assessment that really anything that comes available. But what we're not going to do is we're not
going to indulge in expensive M&A. That is something that is just not required in our model. Our model is
very strong organically.

And great rock is necessary but not sufficient for M&A. You must also capture value. You must also
generate returns. And so the same discipline that we exert in our organic business is the discipline that
you're going to see on the inorganic side as well. We're engaged in the market. We see everything across
those 4 core basins. But you should expect us to continue to say no to any expensive M&A that does not
meet our criteria.

Douglas George Blyth Leggate
BofA Securities, Research Division

I appreciate the color. My follow-up is, I hate to do this, but it's also an M&A question. And it's because
I look at some of the things are for sale, look like they're right in your backyard. So a few, for example,
overseas, Chesapeake's Eagle Ford in Texas, obviously.

So when I -- that's why I asked the question, but the other side of that question, however, is if your
balance sheet and free cash flow outlook is so strong, some of the assets that have generated free cash,
I wonder where they rank in terms of the other side of the equation, which is potential asset sales? I'm
thinking specifically about EG. You've got a big LNG plant there. Those other resource holders around
you, potentially a lot of value there that you're not getting recognition for. So how do you think about in a
better balance sheet environment is EG a core asset for the business?

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I think, Doug, we're always looking at our own internal portfolio and ensuring that we have the right
mix. I think we've got -- we've demonstrated a history of challenging and concentrating and simplifying
our portfolio over time. EG is a very unique, but very complementary asset. We actually provided a 5-year

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

view of EG, which showed that even on a $50, $3 gas kind of view of the world across those 5 years, it
generates about $1 billion of free cash flow, a couple of hundred million dollars a year.

We continue to see opportunities there in the form of gas, like the Alen project that just came online
earlier this year. We think there are other opportunities like that, particularly as we look further afield to
cross-border opportunities. In fact, EG and Nigeria just signed an HOA for cross-border cooperation. We
have this extremely unique integrated gas infrastructure, as you mentioned, with an LNG plant, methanol
plant, gas plant storage and offloading. And we're sitting in one of the most gas-prone areas of West
Africa.

So we believe the value proposition for EG remains exceptionally strong. And certainly, when we look at it
in the balance of our 5-year benchmark case, it remains a very strong contributor.

Operator

From Wells Fargo, we have Nitin Kumar.

Nitin Kumar
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

My first 1, Lee, is for you, and it might be a bit of an unfair question, but you've talked quite a bit about
more S&P and less E&P and you've talked about how your metrics come with the S&P 500. But obviously,
there is a view out there that just E&P business or oil and gas business is not great. You've talked about
your ESG credentials. But beyond that, are there opportunities for you to improve your sort of green
metrics, if I may?

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, absolutely. Well, first of all, I think when we talk about the investment case, for E&P or for Marathon
specifically, you have financial performance and you have nonfinancial performance. You obviously must
have the financial performance. You have to be able to in a commodity business with high volatility to
generate free cash flow yields that are going to be outsized relative to the S&P 500.

And I believe certainly, Marathon is delivering on that commitment. On the nonfinancial performance
side, which really, to me, is wrapped around our license to operate. I think you have to address all
dimensions of performance there from safety to emissions, to good governance. And I believe there, we
have placed ourselves in a very leadership position, whether you want to talk about executive comp, Board
composition and refreshment and diversity, all of those things we have driven.

Specifically to the E in ESG, which generally means emissions, we have set very aggressive, but in our
view, practical targets to achieve reductions in our emissions intensity footprint. We've set a single-year
target that is integrated in with our compensation structure, which is a 30% improvement relative to the
2019 baseline. And then we've also set more of a midterm goal. And a goal that's not so aspirational and
out in time that the current management doesn't feel the accountability for it. And for that one, it's a 50%
reduction.

And when you look at achieving that ultimate goal, that places us, I believe, in a very competitive position
relative to other sources of oil and gas both here in the U.S. and internationally. So I believe those
green credentials are, in fact, improving in time. There's still much to do. I believe there is still a lot of
opportunity. We believe that we're still in the phase of elimination and reduction first as opposed to offsets
-- I mean, offsets and things like CCS will certainly play a role in the future, but the industry has a great
opportunity just around flaring and gas pneumatics and moving to line power, all of these things that will
help us move our emissions intensity footprint in the right direction.

So I believe that the answer is that we have to deliver the financial performance. We also have to protect
our license to operate through our nonfinancial performance and the way you do that is by setting
aggressive but pragmatic goals that are really within the purview of the current leadership team.

Nitin Kumar

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. I really appreciate that. I guess my next follow-up is around capital allocation. As you -- we've
talked a little bit about what you would do with excess free cash. But in your 5-year plan, today, you're
focused on the Bakken and the Eagle Ford, you're seeing strength in gas and NGL pricing. So as you
go forward, how does the Permian and Oklahoma and I'll put REx in there as well, how do those start
competing for capital?

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Just maybe as a bit of a reminder, and I think Mike probably referenced this in his opening remarks, is
that as we move to 2022 and beyond and the 5-year kind of benchmark case, 20% to 30% of our capital
allocation will be going to the Permian and Oklahoma. In fact, even in this year, as you know, we'll be
completing some DUCs in Oklahoma that we'll be taking advantage of the secondary product pricing, gas
and NGLs that you just discussed.

So we still have extremely high-quality inventory. And in a combination play like Oklahoma, we certainly
have the optionality to take advantage of what the gas market and NGL market delivers. But we fully
expect to be blending in more in consistent capital allocation to both Oklahoma and Permian as we step
into 2022.

Nitin Kumar
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

And what about REx?

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Just -- maybe on REx, maybe I'll just maybe let Pat talk a little bit about where we are on REx, both
near-term and as we look a little bit out toward the future.

Patrick J. Wagner
Executive Vice President of Corporate Development & Strategy

Nitin, this is Pat. We have continued to progress our West Texas oil play. I think I might have mentioned
this last quarter, but we are in the midst right now of drilling a 3-well pad with both Woodford and
Meramec targets, testing kind of a spacing test on that project. I may remind you that we've drilled 6
wells to date on that project in the Woodford and Meramec, and they continue to perform very well, good
oil cut, low decline, low water cut, stable GOR.

So we're really encouraged. And now we're in more of a maturing part of the project to try to get our well
costs down and test spacing and progress that project. So we've allocated capital to it this year, and we
will continue to allocate capital to it to bring it to development.

Operator

From Goldman Sachs, we have Neil Mehta.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

The first question is just, Lee, building on your comments on costs, are you seeing on the ground any
signs of inflation, whether it's on the steel side, chemicals, we're certainly seeing higher commodity prices,
or on the service side? And how do you offset that? And is that through the good efficiencies and the
supply chain mechanisms that you put in place?

Michael A. Henderson
Executive Vice President of Operations

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Neil, it's Mike here. I'll take first cut at that, and certainly, any other guys want to chime in, they can.
What I'd say is, overall, our costs we experienced, they're aligned with what we had in the budget, both
in the capital and the expense space. We are seeing a bit of pressure in the OCTG area and to a lesser
extent, in chemicals and fuels. OCTG, the driver there, simply down to raw material availability and then
some capacity constraints in the mills. Obviously, diesel -- things like diesel fuel, chemicals, just tied into
the rise that we've seen in WTI.

In terms of what we're doing to mitigate that, we are seeing some success through some competitive
tendering exercises and managed competition in other areas of the business. I'll provide a little bit of
color in the 2 largest areas of our spend. So if I look at the rig space, for example, at the moment, we've
got a mix of term contracts and pad-to-pad commitments. That provides us with a bit of flexibility, but
also some insight into the prevailing market conditions. And that certainly allows us to be opportunistic,
particularly maybe as we think about getting ready for next year.

In the pressure pumping space, we've recently tendered our Bakken scope. We had no commercial
surprises there. A crew is now on contract through the end of the year and operating well. In the Eagle
Ford, the main crew that we've got there, they're on contract through into the beginning of the fourth
quarter. So all of those costs are tied down.

Interestingly, we've also gone out with some tenders for some spot crews. We're seeing very competitive
rates there. Again, all in line with the forecast that we had for the year. So I'd probably wrap it up by
saying that we are on track to deliver, certainly our completed well cost per footage targets that we laid
out in the Eagle Ford and Bakken. And as I mentioned earlier, our full year capital budget of $1 billion.

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

I guess, Neil, 1 thing I would maybe add to Mike's comments, you mentioned, well, how do you offset
even a little bit of movement, say, on things like OCTG. And I want to remind everyone, there are some
very durable savings that the teams continue to work each and every day. It starts kind of with the way
we optimize our well designs, the execution efficiency that we generate in the field, whether stages per
day, rate of penetration, all those things. There's supply chain optimization and vertical integration, how
we actually secure our services. And then finally, there's that commercial leverage side, which obviously
is still 1 that we try to pull, just given our size and scale. But 3 of those 4 are very durable. They're not
cyclical. And those are the levers that we pull on to ensure that we can continue to keep our well cost
trends -- our well cost trends heading downward.

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

And the follow-up here, in the slide, you talk about Dakota access risks and you contained the impact of
plus/minus $50 million here. Just how are you thinking about takeaway out of the Bakken? It does look
like, by all indications, the pipe will flow, but what are you hearing on the ground? And then just kind of
walk through the maths behind that data point.

Patrick J. Wagner
Executive Vice President of Corporate Development & Strategy

Neil, this is Pat. I'll take that. I get -- could you just clarify, are you focused on takeaway or the impact to
us from a cash flow perspective?

Neil Singhvi Mehta
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Yes, both. What are your thoughts on the Dakota access pipeline? And then how would any decision there
either way impact the cash flow?

Patrick J. Wagner
Executive Vice President of Corporate Development & Strategy

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Okay. All right. Well, obviously, it's a complex case that we're following very closely. There's a lot of
motions pending now, but there's 1 pending with the district court to enjoin the continued operation of
DAPL, and DAPL is preparing to file an appeal of the DC circuit court's decision with the Supreme Court. So
we'll just continue to monitor that.

We won't speculate on the outcome. We do believe that if DAPL is ordered to shut down, there's a variety
of stakeholders in the communities where we do business, which include the state of North Dakota itself
and the 3 affiliated tribes, the MHA Nation, which will be significantly impacted. In fact, MHA Nation
has recently disclosed that estimates losses of more than $160 million over a 1-year period and more
than $250 million over a 2-year period, which is why they've come out in support of DAPL's continued
operation.

In terms of our impact, we've talked about that we really only have direct exposure to DAPL of about
10,000 barrels a day net. We have no flow assurance concerns. We made that disclosure to try to give
some clarity on what the overall impact could be for us on cash flow, that $50 million to $60 million that
we disclosed last quarter would assume a June 1 shutdown. Obviously, as this plays out, that's probably a
conservative estimate. It probably would flow a little longer than that.

On a full year, we'd expect an initial sort of blowout in the in-basin diffs, but then we think things would
settle down to the marginal cost to transport barrels. And there's plenty of capacity from a rail standpoint
to clear the basin. So from a full year perspective, we think it'd just be slightly above the $50 million to
$60 million if it lingered for a long period of time.

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

And I would maybe just also add, Neil, that the Army Corps of Engineers has been very consistent in their
position of supporting continued operations through the EIS process, which is now, I think, scheduled to
complete in March of 2022. So although we can't predict how the courts will act, certainly, from a Corps
of Engineers perspective, they have been supportive. The line has been operating safely and reliably for
some time. So and as Pat mentioned, we have very strong support within North Dakota, both the state
government there as well as the 3 affiliated tribes. So -- anyway, so we want to be prepared, and I believe
we are. But certainly, our view today is that DAPL will continue to operate safely just as it is today.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And from Truist Securities. We have Neal Dingmann.

Neal David Dingmann
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

My first question is really just on efficiencies. I can't help but notice -- especially pertaining to the Bakken,
I can't help but notice very limited number of wells needed to keep production flat. So I guess 2 questions
around that. One, are there -- I guess, when it comes to efficiencies, are you still seeing improvements?
I just -- I guess I can't get over it was it like 3 wells or so that kept production essentially flat there.
Number one, if you're still seeing that kind of improvement? And number two, if you are -- given that you
are getting that kind of efficiencies there, why not potentially even lent a little bit and potentially take
some of that CapEx from somewhere else?

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Just on the Bakken performance, first of all, we did benefit in first quarter from obviously the Bakken
completions that were done in Q4. So we carried a bit of that momentum. So even though we only had 3
formal wells to sales in the quarter, it was really also that carry-in effect from fourth quarter, I think that
certainly gave us the ability to keep Bakken flowing strongly.

The other thing, and this is kudos to the asset team. They've done an exceptional job of high uptime
performance and ensuring that if we have a well go offline for, say, something like ESP performance, that
we're able to get a workover rig on location and get that taken care of.
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

So we will see some impact, though, of that reduced wells to sales in the Bakken as we move into second
quarter. But that's just -- it's a phasing impact more than anything.

Neal David Dingmann
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

And is it -- let me just add, I guess, 1 more follow-up just in that same area. Is it again because of your
kind of proprietary infrastructure because it does seem like still when I kind of hone in on the efficiencies
that you all have, I'm just wondering, it seems like you are having a bit better returns and if that's the
case, kind of back to Doug's question, there has been some M&A in the Bakken, if you have that kind of
competitive advantage, is this kind of a focus area when looking for particular deals?

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, certainly, when we benchmark from an operating and capital execution standpoint, we feel very good
about our position in the Bakken. That team is very strong performing top quartile, if not top of basin kind
of team. So you're right. In terms of our ability to drive value in our core basins, there's very few teams
that can do that better than us. But each of these opportunities are unique. And again, we're going to be
very disciplined. Even applying our operating advantage, we have to be able to demonstrate that it meets
our criteria around financial accretion, certainly no harm to the balance sheet, synergies and industrial
logic. So again, good rock is necessary, but not sufficient. We have to see both value and return from
anything inorganic that we might look at.

Operator

And we'll now turn it back to Lee Tillman for closing remarks.

Lee M. Tillman
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you for your interest in Marathon Oil, and I'd like to close by again thanking all of our dedicated
employees and contractors for their commitment and perseverance, particularly during Winter Storm Uri.
That concludes our call.

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our call today. Thank you for joining. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MARATHON OIL CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

