Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. 

NYSE:MMC
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 30, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.13

1.32

Revenue  (mm)

4177.34

4189.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-30-2020 1:19 PM GMT

16.81

0.28

0.69

4.61

5.09

3797.35

16799.13

17584.27

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

0.70

1.18

1.56

1.13

0.77

1.19

1.64

1.32

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10.00 %

0.85 %

5.13 %

16.81 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

John Quinlan Doyle
Vice Chair

Mark Christopher McGivney
Chief Financial Officer

Peter C. Hearn
President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jon Paul Newsome
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Joshua David Shanker
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Meyer Shields
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Michael David Zaremski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Michael Wayne Phillips
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Yaron Joseph Kinar
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to Marsh & McLennan Companies Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Second quarter
2020 financial results and supplemental information were issued earlier this morning. They are available
on the company's website at www.mmc.com.

Please note that remarks made today may include forward-looking statements, including certain
expectations related to COVID-19 and other matters. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks
and uncertainties, and a variety of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those
contemplated by such statements. For a more detailed discussion of those factors, please refer to our
earnings release for this quarter and to our most recent SEC filings, including our most recent Form 10-K,
all of which are available on the MMC website.

During the call today, we may also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of
these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the schedule in today's
earnings release.

I'll now turn this over to Dan Glaser, President and CEO of Marsh & Mclennan Companies.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, operator. Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our second quarter results
reported earlier today. I'm Dan Glaser, President and CEO of Marsh & McLennan. Joining me on the call
today is Mark McGivney, our CFO; and the CEOs of our businesses, John Doyle of Marsh; Peter Hearn
of Guy Carpenter; Martine Ferland of Mercer; and Scott McDonald of Oliver Wyman. Also with us this
morning is Sarah Dewitt, Head of Investor Relations.

I am pleased with our second quarter results, which demonstrate Marsh & McLennan's strength
and resiliency as we navigate the current global health crisis and economic recession. The world is
experiencing 2 dramatic and unforeseen events at the same time: first, the global pandemic; and second,
the global economic crisis, driven by an unprecedented simultaneous lockdown in almost every part of the
world. In addition, society reached the breaking point on racial inequalities, which have persisted for far
too long.

In the face of this extraordinary combination of events, Marsh & McLennan colleagues rose to the occasion
and continued to serve our clients with excellence and distinction. I want to thank our 76,000 colleagues
globally and our leadership team for their dedication and outstanding execution in these challenging times.

While the impact to our business from the economic downturn and health crisis so far has been
manageable. We live in troubled times, and the conditions in many parts of the world remain extremely
difficult and uncertain. The world may have avoided the worst-case health and economic scenarios,
but the downturn may be longer than many initially expected with ways of virus resurgence in certain
geographies. While in most parts of the world we are through the initial phase of peak fear and
uncertainty around health outcomes, we are now in a period of dealing with the economic fallout and living
with the continuing health implications. These economic and health uncertainties could last for a year or
longer, challenging companies well into 2021.

Regardless of the shape of the recovery, we have proven our business is resilient. We have strong control
over our expense base, and the need for our advice and solutions is now more clinical than ever. Our
management team has made a number of tough calls, and I believe the right ones as we navigated
through these first months of the crisis. We continue to take actions that balance the short term with a
focus of positioning for the long term. These include maintaining jobs in the thick of the pandemic as well
as proceeding with our annual salary increases, avoiding a hiring freeze and continuing to make strategic
hires in the face of industry dislocation, and moving forward with several acquisitions so far this year in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

MMA as we continue to pursue inorganic growth. We have cut back significantly on discretionary expenses
and have set a high bar for what is deemed essential spending, which has driven costs down while we
preserve jobs and salaries. We also enhanced our liquidity by establishing a new credit facility and issuing
additional long-term debt.

Looking beyond the current crisis, I believe we will emerge as a stronger firm. Our organization has
never been flatter, faster and better connected than it is today. I want to pause and comment on racial
inequality. The racial inequality in our society is a pervasive issue that recently came to a breaking point
with the tragic death of George Floyd. Systemic racism has caused in equities in justice, health care,
education, careers, wealth creation and freedom. The recent events have been shocking to many and all
too familiar to others. Our Executive Committee has been fully engaged, listening to our black colleagues
and others, speaking up alongside them and implementing concrete actions to make a difference. We are
determined to seize this moment to create a more diverse and inclusive company.

In these dynamic times, we are pressing to develop new solutions to address rising and evolving risk
globally. Our businesses are collaborating more than ever to bring the power of our firm to clients.
For example, Marsh and Guy Carpenter are leading the industry to create a new market for pandemic
insurance. We initiated a dialogue in Congress in late March to create a public-private partnership for
pandemic risk, which would facilitate future economic recovery and enhanced resiliency among companies
going forward. We are also developing public-private pandemic solutions in multiple countries.

In Oliver Wyman, we developed a leading disease progression model, Pandemic Navigator, which is being
used by governments and companies to predict virus spread and guide decisions. Both Oliver Wyman and
Mercer are advising clients across a number of industries utilizing Pandemic Navigator to make return-
to-office plans, understand future demand recovery patterns, manage supply chains, forecast credit
losses and assess early warning signals. Mercer and Marsh Risk Consulting have also joined forces to work
with employers on their new normal strategies, helping clients use this time as an opportunity to adapt,
reinvent and become more resilient. In summary, I am proud of how our company continues to innovate
while responding to the immediate pressures caused by the crisis.

Let me spend a moment on current P&C insurance market conditions. P&C insurance pricing continues to
accelerate. The Marsh global insurance market index increased 19% year-over-year versus 14% in the
first quarter and 11% in the fourth quarter of 2019. Global property insurance was up 19%, and global
financial and professional lines were up 37% while global casualty rates are up 7% on average. Keep in
mind, our index skews to large account business where we typically earn fees. However, U.S. small and
middle market insurance pricing is up meaningfully as well, although not to the same magnitude as large
complex accounts. Overall, underwriters continue to push for higher levels of rate increases as a result
of social inflation pressures, persistently low yields and a number of large underwriting losses, including
COVID-19. This is before the peak of the hurricane season. While capital remains adequate, the risk
appetite of insurers is reduced as they are increasingly cautious in an uncertain environment.

Turning to reinsurance, the midyear renewals, which are largely focused on Southeast U.S. wind exposure,
saw meaningful rate increases. Florida peak zone property catastrophe reinsurance programs were
up 25% to 35%. These are some of the highest rate increases seen since 2012. Non-Florida midyear
renewals were typically up 5% to 15%. Reinsurers are being cautious regarding the amount of capital
they are currently willing to expose in an environment of great uncertainty. Overall, global P&C insurance
and reinsurance markets remain challenging with accelerating price increases and narrowing terms and
conditions. It is in times like these where our experience, advice and solutions are even more critical.

Now let me turn to our second quarter financial performance. We delivered excellent adjusted EPS growth
of 12%, despite the global impact of COVID-19. Our strong EPS growth in the quarter reflects great
execution on the part of our colleagues, the immediate benefit of expense management actions and the
delayed impact of the COVID-19 crisis on our revenue. Total revenue was $4.2 billion, down 4% or down
2% on an underlying basis. Underlying revenue grew 2% in RIS and declined 6% in Consulting.

In Risk & Insurance Services, second quarter revenue was $2.6 billion, an increase of 1%. Underlying
revenue growth was up 2% in the quarter, reflecting strong 9% growth in Guy Carpenter and 1% in
Marsh. Excluding a reduction in revenue we booked in the quarter related to estimated exposure declines,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

underlying revenue at both RIS and Marsh was up 3% in the quarter, which is a strong result in the face of
the economic downturn. RIS adjusted operating income increased 19% to $762 million, and the adjusted
operating margin expanded 430 basis points versus a year ago.

In Consulting, Second quarter revenue was $1.6 billion. Underlying revenue declined by 6% for the
quarter. Oliver Wyman and Mercer's career business felt the greatest impacts from the lockdown as
expected. Consulting adjusted operating income declined by 13%, and the adjusted margin declined by 70
basis points versus a year ago.

Overall, adjusted operating income increased 10% versus a year ago to $984 million. Our adjusted
operating margin increased 270 basis points to 25.5%. Adjusted earnings per share increased 12% versus
a year ago to $1.32, reflecting expense tightening and strong execution. Even though COVID-19 will
impact our results for the remainder of the year, our strong second quarter performance is evidence that
our business is resilient and that we are able to manage through challenging environments.

While our year-to-date results are strong, the economic outlook is weak and uncertainty is still very high.
For the full year 2020, we continue to expect a modest decline in underlying revenue. However, given our
strong second quarter performance, we now expect to generate modest growth in adjusted EPS for the full
year despite the decline in underlying revenue.

With that, let me turn it over to Mark for a more detailed review of our results.

Mark Christopher McGivney
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Dan, and good morning. We're pleased with our second quarter results. Despite a modest
decline in revenue driven by the current crisis, we delivered strong earnings and continued to enhance
our balance sheet and liquidity position. Overall, revenue declined 4% in the second quarter to $4.2 billion
or down 2% on an underlying basis. Operating income in the quarter was $885 million, an increase of
30% over last year. Adjusted operating income increased 10% to $984 million, and our adjusted margin
increased 270 basis points to 25.5%. GAAP EPS was $1.12 in the quarter, and adjusted EPS increased
12% to $1.32.

For the first 6 months of 2020, underlying revenue growth was 2%. Our adjusted operating income grew
13% to $2.2 billion. Our adjusted margin increased 190 basis points, and our adjusted EPS increased 10%
to $2.96.

Before I go deeper into our results, I want to discuss a $36 million reduction to previously recorded
revenue we booked in the quarter. This adjustment reflects the estimated impact of the economic
downturn on exposure units. It primarily impacted Marsh, but there was also a reduction in Mercer in
health. A significant portion of brokerage revenue is recognized at policy inception, including, in some
cases, where ultimate revenue is uncertain. In these cases, premiums and commissions are recorded
based on estimates of ultimate exposure. These estimates are typically not updated until the end of
the policy term as variability in most cases is modest. However, due to the impact of COVID-19 and the
economic downturn, exposures in many lines of business will likely be lower than originally anticipated,
requiring that we update our estimates sooner. It is important to note that this charge is included in
underlying growth and in adjusted earnings.

Returning to results. In Risk & Insurance Services, second quarter revenue was $2.6 billion with
underlying growth of 2% or 3%, excluding the revenue adjustment. A decline in fiduciary interest income
was also a 70 basis point drag on underlying revenue. Operating income increased 34% to $696 million.

Adjusted operating income increased 19% to $762 million, and the adjusted margin expanded 430 basis
points to 32.1%. For the first 6 months of the year, revenue was $5.5 billion with underlying growth of
4%. Adjusted operating income for the first half of the year increased 20% to $1.7 billion with a margin of
33.4%, up 280 basis points from the same period a year ago.

At Marsh, revenue in the quarter was $2.2 billion, an increase of 1% on an underlying basis or 3%,
excluding the impact of the revenue adjustment, a strong result in the current environment. In U.S. and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Canada, underlying growth was 3% in the quarter. In the International division, underlying growth was flat
with EMEA down 3%, Asia Pacific up 4% and Latin America up 4%.

For the first 6 months of the year, Marsh's revenue was $4.2 billion with underlying growth of 3%. U.S.
and Canada underlying growth is 4%, and International was up 2%.

Guy Carpenter had another great quarter. Revenue was $433 million, reflecting underlying growth of 9%.
Growth was driven by solid retention, strong demand driving new business and a tailwind from the current
pricing environment. For the first 6 months of the year, Guy Carpenter generated $1.3 billion of revenue
and 8% underlying growth.

In the Consulting segment, underlying revenue declined 6% in the quarter, reflecting the impact of the
current crisis. Operating income decreased 8% to $255 million. Adjusted operating income decreased
13% to $265 million, and the adjusted margin decreased 70 basis points to 17.3%. Consulting generated
revenue was $3.4 billion for the first 6 months of 2020, representing an underlying decline of 1%.
Adjusted operating income for the first half of the year was down 7% to $554 million.

Mercer's revenue was $1.1 billion in the quarter, down 3% on an underlying basis. Wealth underlying
revenue declined 2%, reflecting modest growth in defined benefits, offset by a decline in investment
management solutions. Our assets under management were approximately $306 billion at the end of the
second quarter, up 8% year-over-year. Health increased 1% on an underlying basis in the quarter or 2%,
excluding the impact of the revenue adjustment.

In Career, underlying revenue declined 16%. Career is where we have more discretionary project
business, which drove the revenue decline. For the first 6 months of the year, revenue at Mercer was $2.4
billion with 1% underlying growth.

Oliver Wyman's revenue was $467 million in the quarter, a decline of 13% on an underlying basis, which
was better than we expected coming into the quarter. For the first 6 months of the year, revenue at Oliver
Wyman was $978 million, a decline of 7% on an underlying basis. Adjusted corporate expense was $43
million in the quarter. Based on our current outlook, we expect approximately $96 million in total for the
second half of the year.

Turning to investment income. On an adjusted basis, we had an investment loss of $7 million in the
quarter. On a GAAP basis, we reported an investment loss of $31 million, primarily driven by the sale of a
portion of our equity ownership in Alexander Forbes. Foreign exchange was neutral to EPS in the quarter.
Assuming exchange rates remain at current levels, we would expect FX to have a minimal impact on EPS
for the remainder of the year. Our adjusted effective tax rate in the second quarter was 25% compared
with 25.9% in the second quarter last year. Excluding discrete items, our effective adjusted tax rate
was approximately 25.5%. Through the first half of the year, our adjusted effective tax rate was 24%
compared with 24.1% last year. Based on the current environment, we continue to expect the tax rate
between 25% and 26% for 2020, excluding discrete items.

The most challenging part of the JLT integration are now well behind us, as demonstrated by our strong
first half results. We are on plan or ahead of schedule on all of our key milestones, including cost savings
and restructuring actions. We incurred $57 million of JLT integration and restructuring costs in the second
quarter, bringing the total to date to $472 million. In total, we still expect to incur approximately $625
million of cash costs and $75 million of noncash costs to generate at least $350 million of savings. We
expect the majority of these costs will be incurred in the savings achieved by the end of 2020.

I want to take a minute and provide an update to our outlook for this year. Our revised view contemplates
recessionary conditions persisting through at least the remainder of 2020. But it goes without saying that
uncertainty remains very high, and conditions could turn out materially different than our assumptions,
which would affect our projections. For the full year of 2020, as Dan mentioned, we now expect to
generate modest EPS growth despite our outlook for a modest decline in underlying revenue. We currently
expect adjusted EPS to decline in the back half of the year, reflecting the full impact of the pandemic on
revenue as well as some rebound in spending in certain areas. At Marsh, we still see the potential for
modest underlying revenue growth for the year, although the back half will be challenging.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

For the full year 2020, we continue to expect mid-single-digit growth at Guy Carpenter. Underlying
revenue growth for the second half of the year will likely be more muted, but these are seasonally
small quarters for Guy Carpenter. Also keep in mind that Guy Carpenter faces a difficult year-over-year
comparison in the third quarter, which, as we mentioned last year, benefited from a $17 million true-up of
a multiyear contract. We continue to expect Mercer's underlying revenue will decline for the remainder of
the year and be down modestly for the full year. Finally, revenue weakness in Oliver Wyman could persist
through the back half of the year.

Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $1.7 billion of cash, a sequential reduction in
outstanding debt in the entirety of our combined $2.8 billion of credit facilities available. Since the onset
of the pandemic, we have taken prudent steps to enhance our financial resources and flexibility. In April,
we secured a new $1 billion line of credit, and in May, issued $750 million of 10-year senior notes at a
coupon of 2.25%. We remain committed to deleveraging and expect to reduce debt this year, although the
ultimate amount will depend on our cash generation in the current environment.

Total debt at the end of the second quarter was $13.2 billion, down from $13.6 billion at the end of the
first quarter, representing a reduction of $439 million. Our next scheduled debt maturity is in December
2020 when $700 million of senior notes mature. We also have a $500 million term loan due in January
2021.

Interest expense in the second quarter was $132 million. Based on our current forecast, we expect
approximately $131 million of interest expense in the third quarter.

Although uncertainty in our outlook remains high, we feel comfortable that we have the resources and
flexibility to manage through the crisis from a liquidity perspective.

In line with our commentary on the first quarter call, we did not repurchase any shares in the second
quarter. Given the ongoing uncertainty of the current environment, we do not plan to repurchase shares
for the remainder of 2020. Earlier this month, we announced an increase to our quarterly dividend to
$0.465 per share. This increase represents the 11th consecutive year of dividend increases at Marsh &
McLennan.

Uses of cash in the second quarter totaled $684 million and included $450 million for acquisitions and
$234 million for dividends. For the first 6 months, uses of cash totaled $1.2 billion and included $694
million for acquisitions and $466 million for dividends.

Overall, we are pleased with our performance in the first half of 2020. We have shown resiliency. The level
of commitment and execution throughout the organization has been outstanding. And while the crisis is far
from over, we believe we are positioned to continue to navigate it well.

And with that, I'm happy to turn it back to Dan.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director
Thanks, Mark. Operator, we are ready to begin the Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Phil Stefano with Deutsche Bank.

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes. Dan, in your opening remarks, you talked about the immediate benefit of expense actions, the
delayed impact of revenue from COVID. And it feels like, in the second quarter results, it was most clearly
seen on the margin in brokerage. I was hoping you could dig a little more into that and maybe help us
understand what drove the expansion in the second quarter. And then as we think about the next couple
of quarters or even a year or 2, do the hard decisions can maybe dial back? How do you think about
managing the expenses versus maybe what your revenue expectations are at this point?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Sure, sure. So it's a good question. I'd start by saying, let's look at the overall macro environment a
bit. I mean, it may not feel like it, but so far, the world has avoided the worst-case health and economic
scenarios. I mean, we're still in the early days. The economic downturn may last longer since there will
likely be waves of virus resurgence. So when we were doing all of our scenario planning and stress testing
very early stages of the health elements of the crisis, you could imagine a lot of the very 4 scenarios,
right? And it's certainly not a rosy picture from here, but some of the worst-case scenarios appear to
have been avoided. And so we pulled back our expenses very quickly. We're a company that believes in
distributed leadership. We've put a lot of authority out in the field with our leaders in countries and in
specialty divisions, et cetera, but there are times where you need to pull that authority back. And I have
to say, the Executive Committee and I moved very quickly to essentially control the expense base of the
company set a very high bar for what essential expenses were, and then pulled back heavily on other
items, not only the things that naturally fall away like T&E, but overtime, temps, contractors, slowing
down hiring, not a hiring freeze, but slowing down the pace of our hiring and focusing it on revenue-
producing type of positions.

I'm very proud of the notion that we and the team decided that -- not only to preserve jobs in the thick
of the pandemic, but also we did not cut salaries. Now you may notice that our overall comp and bend
absolute number is down a bit, and that's because the broad category of comp and bend also includes
some things like overtime and sales plans and some contractors and some of our variable plans, et cetera.
But I feel pretty good about how quickly we were able to dial back expenses.

And there is a bit of a lag in terms of how revenue headwinds actually turns up. Clearly, we had some
good pipeline. If you look at our first quarter results, 5% underlying growth overall. So we had nice
momentum. And some of that momentum carried into the early parts of the second quarter, and that goes
away. And so we'll have a little bit more revenue pressure. And also because the worst-case scenarios
are unlikely to occur on either health or economy type of macro factors, we won't ease up dramatically,
but we'll ease up a bit. We'll become a little bit more open to other levels of investment that we could
make. So when we look at the second half of the year, there's still a great deal of uncertainty. We think
that delivering reasonable financial results in the context of the crisis while continuing to invest for future
growth is the right position for us to be in.

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes, I understand. And I guess my follow-up would be, based on the actions you've seen and how the
world has unfolded at least thus far, I appreciate it's early days. Last quarter, when you talked about
maybe the sustainability of some of these things, do you have any thoughts you can put around the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

actions you took that were hard at first, but maybe feel like the benefit could be something that persists
once COVID is comfortably in the rearview?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, there are certainly certain things. I mean, we have been able to demonstrate that we
can do placement activity and manage client deliverables on a remote basis. Now it's not ideal in all
circumstances, but it is pretty ideal in some circumstances. So I'm not sure we'll go running back to
hopping on an airplane to go to Singapore for a $100,000 opportunity. Maybe we'll be a little bit more
cautious about the T&E type of spending. So while it will come back, it may not return to previous levels
for a long time and maybe never.

Flexible work arrangement is another item. We won't see a benefit to our real estate footprint or our
real estate cost for a while because of social distancing type of requirements. But over time, could we
envision more of a hybrid type of operation where colleagues come to the office and also work from
home sometimes during the week, and so we can go to much more of an agile workplace in many, many
locations? Yes, that's probably likely. I also think that there'll be more digital. I mean, we -- it's important
to note, while we slowed down our CapEx a little bit in the second quarter -- actually, through 6 months,
CapEx is higher than it was last year, and it's because we're continuing. We're continuing to invest in our
business. And I think that those items are things that would persist. And also, I can't underestimate or --
the notion of how this crisis has brought the firm together. Crises can bring out the worse than you or the
best of you. And I'd tell you, Marsh & Mclennan has risen, and we have never been more collaborative and
connected than we are today.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with Crédit Suisse.

Michael David Zaremski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

First question, maybe focusing more on the consulting segment because that's where I think investors
are asking the most questions about. Dan, you said you guys have fortunately -- I think maybe we all
fortunately have avoided the worst-case scenarios so far. Does that hold true for kind of what you all were
thinking might happen to organic revenues in the overall consulting segment? Clearly, they were down,
but maybe not down as much as at least the consensus expected. And maybe you can kind of give us
some updates on what you're seeing and hearing in the Consulting segments relative to your thoughts last
quarter.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Sure. I mean, we were pleased with Consulting's overall performance on organic growth. We clearly
expected a decline in revenue and pressure, particularly in the project-related businesses. Oliver Wyman
is almost purely a project business. And some parts of Mercer, like the career business, is very project-
oriented, and projects tend to be discretionary in the eyes of clients. And so I think, overall, a minus
6% is a good result in the circumstances of -- within our Consulting business. And both of our of main
businesses in Consulting, Mercer and OW have done a nice job protecting shareholders by really focusing
on discretionary expenses within our own shop and pulling that back.

I mean, if I -- every crisis is different. And in a lot of ways, this crisis is more concerning than the global
financial crisis. But when we look at the global financial crisis, Mercer was down 4% in 2009. Oliver
Wyman was actually down a bit in 2008 and more significantly in 2009 and had 6 quarters in a row of
contraction, and so we're a resilient firm. We can operate as an overall firm on that basis. And the bounce-
back in 2010 for Mercer and Oliver Wyman was quite good. And we would expect something similar. If
there is a lag of discretionary projects on companies, it doesn't mean that they don't need those projects
and that they don't want to focus on their future growth and their future ways to be more efficient. And
we're a go-to company for them across people issues and strategy issues. And so we feel good about the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Consulting business. It could have been worse. And when we look at it, I think we're in decent shape. I
don't know what the second half brings. I mean, at the end, we've indicated that we think Mercer will be
modestly down for the year. They had a very nice first quarter. But overall, for the year, we expect them
to be modestly down. And Oliver Wyman, I've said many times before, has a little bit more volatility to
quarterly results than any of our other businesses. But we're well positioned, and we feel pretty good
about where we ended up on the bottom line in both of those areas of the company.

Michael David Zaremski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. Understood. That's helpful. Lastly, the dollars moved a lot. I'm not sure. Mark, did you talk about FX
and whether you should be thinking about it having an impact going forward?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Well, thanks, Mike. Mark, do you want to take that?

Mark Christopher McGivney
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Yes. The FX was not much of a story for EPS in the second quarter. As we look to the back half of the
year, we don't expect much impact if rates stay where they are, much impact for the balance of the year
to EPS.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I had a question on the reinsurance business, Guy Carpenter. I think you implied a slowdown in growth
in the second half in your comments. How much of that is just comps getting more difficult versus maybe
exposures declining? And what's the interplay with pricing getting better? Is there a possible -- like are
you being overly conservative? Or are you actually seeing some headwinds to growth, given comps and
exposures?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Sure. I mean, at the end, we're not trying to be overly conservative, but we also always want to be
realistic and transparent with our investor base. And so a lot of this is Carpenter has -- the third and
fourth quarter is much smaller. And so, therefore, the odd account or 2 could swing things in different
directions. And as we pointed out in our remarks, there was a one-off last year that we acknowledged last
year of $17 million with a tall hill to overcome. But Peter, you want to talk a little bit about either where
you see exposure rates and whether this is overly conservative or not?

Peter C. Hearn
President & CEO

Yes. Thank you, Dan. Jimmy, I would just reiterate what Dan says. Q3 and 4 are historically small
quarters, and they're subject to volatility with the movement of business from one quarter to the next
through timing. From a new business standpoint, our new business growth has been strong for the past
3 years, and we anticipate the same thing in Q3 and 4. But again, we have tough comparables from Q3
and 4 of last year. But we've seen no diminution in revenue bases, in buying habits. And we've done over
several hundred stress tests on client balance sheets to anticipate what the rest of the year could look
like from catastrophic events or an adverse situation with regard to COVID-19. So we're winning new
mandates on a regular basis. I feel good about where we are for the year. And as both Mark and Dan said,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

they're small volatile quarters and subject to change. But there's been no overarching issue that we've
seen with exposure bases and revenue.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And there was some -- there's been some concern among investors about E&O exposure or
negligence-related lawsuits against brokers. Do you have anything that you can sort of -- what are your
views on what your exposure might be? And any sort of quantification of what your retention would be if
you were to see something? Because I'm assuming you've got insurance on that as well. So...

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, we haven't publicly disclosed the details of our E&O insurance program, so I'm not going to
do it here. Our role and our principal focus as a broker is to advocate forcefully for policyholders. We do
that by obtaining blood coverages. And in the event they have a claim, we do our best to assist them with
recoveries. And we've got very strong risk management practices, high level of professional standards,
E&O training of thousands of colleagues. So at the end, it's not something that we spend a lot of time on.
Obviously, there's some coverage disputes that are occurring between clients, who may believe that they
have some coverage within some of their policies related to COVID. And some of those clients may end
up suing everybody, but that really hasn't occurred yet, and I'm not overly concerned with it. I think we
have good systems and controls. And frankly, just like it would be impossible today in why public-private
partnerships are being talked about, broad scale of pandemic insurance is not insurable. It goes into the
trillions of dollars of potential exposure. And so on that basis, it's not like that every client could have
gotten full-scale broad pandemic protection because there's not a market for it. It has to be targeted,
limited in certain industries, certain clients and very expensive.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs.

Yaron Joseph Kinar
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

First question on free cash flows. It seemed like they were very strong this quarter. I was curious what
drove that. I think one of your competitors had talked about CARES Act pushing tax payments back a little
bit, but any color you can offer on that and how to think about cash flows maybe for the rest of the year,
too.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Sure, sure. Mark, do you want to take that?

Mark Christopher McGivney
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. We -- cash generation in the quarter was strong, as you said. So we're obviously pleased with that.
There are a number of factors contributed, the most important of which was just the strong earnings
growth. So we had solid earnings growth, so that was a big factor in driving free cash flow. There's less --
and then there's a number of other factors. So less spending on JLT-related items. If you compare to last
year, we got nicked a little bit more by FX than we did this year. And then in any given quarter, there can
be fluctuation in some of the balance sheet accounts and working capital that can affect cash flows, and
we had good results on that front. And so whether it's the quarter or year-to-date, our cash generation
was strong. For the remainder of the year, it really is going to be about how our earnings trend.

Yaron Joseph Kinar
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Okay. And then with regards to exposure or the impact of exposure declines, I just want to make sure I
was thinking about it correctly. So in Consulting, the impact tends to be more immediate. And then in RIS,
it takes -- there's a bit more of a lag. Is that a fair summation?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Most of the exposure declines were actually in March. So I'll hand off to John and he can describe a
little bit the types of areas where you would see exposure unit decline. It's more mild in Consulting and
generally around the health business if you look at employment as an example as a proxy for the lives
covered under plans. If employment is down, then the anticipated amount of premium would be down
because there's less lives. But John, do you want to talk about exposure units within the Marsh world
because that's where most of the adjustments took place?

John Quinlan Doyle
Vice Chair

Sure. So as Mark talked about earlier on the call, a number of different products are adjustable and
exposure unit-driven. So some of the industry groups, marine, aviation and energy, for example, we
took the steps to make an adjustment to accrue for lesser exposure units over the course of the policy
period. Product lines that are more impacted, commercial auto, of course, work comp, transaction risk,
those kinds of things. So obviously, overall, our growth historically is correlated to economic growth.
And construction slows down, other investment slows down. There is a bit of a lag effect. And then -- so
that impacts our ability to write new business, but we also took the step to make an adjustment to prior
periods for adjustable policies.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

My first question is on the full year EPS side. So you guys took that up for modest growth, whereas
before, right, it was kind of maybe slightly negative to just about positive depending upon what happened
to organic for the full year. But if I think about that, you guys printed just under 10% EPS growth in
the first half of the year, which implies about a mid-single-digit decline in the back half, which probably
would have been where we would have been in your prior guide just for the second half of the year. So I
guess I'm trying to package every -- all of the comments together. Your outlook does seem like it's better,
although it's still cautious for the second half of the year. So I think that, that would come together in
that EPS guide or is it something to do with timing of JLT expense saves that were more pronounced in
the second quarter. Just trying to understand why that EPS outlook for the second half of the year isn't
perhaps stronger than what you thought it was 3 months ago.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Sure. It's a fair question. And so let me address it this way. Leading a business as our business leaders
within the company do every day is as much art as it is in science. We can make the margin go up at any
point in time by drawing back expenses, by being very tough on rehiring, by just pulling at our horns a
great deal. The art is figuring out what should we deliver today, why we're investing for the future why
we're going to position the company to emerge stronger. And so from that standpoint, the way we look at
that is, yes, our second quarter performance is really terrific. But the reality is we've pulled the expense
levers hard, and we felt the immediate benefit of that lower spending. And the revenue came in a bit
higher since there's a lag in the full revenue headwind since all the activity that's pre-COVID in terms
of projects still benefited us in the second quarter. So you've got to say the revenue headwind will be a
bit stiffer in the second half of the year. And because our worst-case scenarios are not going -- we do
not anticipate the macro environment to go into the worst-case scenarios, we'll ease off a little bit on
some of the expense actions. And the combination of that will be that we've got EPS pressure in the back

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

half of the year. And our focus is, okay, what is a reasonable result to deliver to shareholders in a year
in which we expect modest revenue decline of the overall firm. And you can look -- we expect a modest
improvement overall in RIS and pressure in Consulting. So I think you can kind of cut it on to the idea that
RIS will have better margin outlook than what the Consulting division will have. And we're not going to
artificially do things in Consulting to drive margin when the top line is under that kind of pressure.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

And then my second question is specific to Marsh. I know you guys had pointed out last quarter that there
would be a lag and that the third quarter would be worse than the second quarter. It sounds like from your
comments that, that still holds. I guess my question is more thinking further out than that. If there isn't a
spike in cases, and COVID kind of is maintained as what we think it will be today, do you think, within your
business, the Q4 should represent a bounce from the third quarter? And this is just specifically to Marsh.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Okay. So I'll hand off to John in a second. I'll just say we're thrilled with the positioning of Marsh. And
when we look at the future for Marsh, we couldn't be in a better position in terms of our risk and advisory
businesses, our placement capabilities and our broader capabilities. I mean, I couldn't be happier with
the combination with JLT. And just as a reminder, that's all about growth, growth in talent, growth in
capabilities, growth in scale, revenues, earnings. And within 1 year, we came together as one single
formidable team, textbook integration that happened throughout the company. And really kudos to my
leadership team for pulling it off. We made people and struggle decisions very quickly. We worked through
the disruption fast, and we are ahead of schedule on total amount and timing when it comes to cost
savings. Overall, well planned, well led, well executed.

John, you want to talk a little bit about how you see Marsh back half of the year and as you look out to
2021, 2022 and 2023 in terms of just your flavor?

John Quinlan Doyle
Vice Chair

Sure, Dan. As we've talked about, the second half is likely to be a bit more challenging given the economic
consequence of the pandemic. I don't want to get into third quarter versus fourth quarter. I mean,
obviously, things are quite fluid with the pandemic, and it's hard to predict the economic consequences
we've talked about many times, uncertain environment as we've operated in. Having said that, as Dan
pointed out, I think we're extraordinarily well positioned. Our team is highly focused on our clients and
getting the best outcome in a very, very difficult environment. They've been there for one another. So
obviously, it's kind of a stress for our colleagues, too. And so I couldn't be more pleased with how they've
come together. And there are some silver linings, of course, while it's, overall, a human tragedy, what
we've all been living through. The cultural integration has gone exceedingly well. So I'm confident in
our ability to perform well on a relative basis. And as things improve, we'll continue to see improved
performance in the business.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW.

Meyer Shields
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Great. One quick accounting question to start. Mark, you pointed out in the press release, there's a $36
million revenue adjustment for exposure units. Does that all fall to the bottom line? Or are there offsetting
reductions to expenses?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Mark?

Mark Christopher McGivney
Chief Financial Officer

That all falls to the bottom line, Meyer. I mean, there could be in overall earnings and bonus formulas
a little bit of impact to the extent earnings grow or shrink for a year. But that specific adjustment, it is
directed to revenue and bottom line.

Meyer Shields
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Okay. So that's -- I take that as a good news. Broader question, and I think this is for Dan. Back -- I
don't know, last time, we had like rate increases that were this powerful. Marsh was obviously very
heavily fee focused, but the general takeaway was that it was able to negotiate higher fees because
of the incremental work that more or less matched the revenue increases that would have come on a
commission basis. And I'm wondering, given the recessionary conditions, how does that play out in the
current environment?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Well, I mean, Marsh, over a long period of time, has become a much larger middle market firm,
particularly in the U.S. and the U.K. And with that, there gets to be a little bit more element of commission
versus fee. And I think the last time we spoke to you, it was -- think about roundabout 2/3 on a
commission basis and 1/3 on a fee basis. It's not easy out there, Meyer, whether we're negotiating with a
client or negotiating with an insurance company. And so there's negotiations that take place account-by-
account as to level of work and what the proper level of remuneration is for the intermediary. And so it's
not a direct line that revenue or premium is off. And so therefore, immediately, we pop on the same basis.
This is all about account-by-account discussion and negotiation and trying to determine the value that
we provide in the market, one, as an adviser to clients, but also sometimes as a distributor for insurance
companies.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler.

Jon Paul Newsome
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Just one question. Giving some questions from investors about just the enormous amount of change we're
having with your competitors and merging with Marsh and -- pardon me, and merging with Willis. And it
seems like there's a private equity firm every day popping up as a competitor. What's happening with the
hunt for talent? Has it gotten easier or harder, given all the changes we've seen in the market?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No, no, no. It's a really good point because, actually, we're in the talent business. That's what it is.
It's a people business. Do we have smarter, more creative, hardworking, more dedicated to client service
colleagues than what our competitors do? And I'll start by saying very broadly, the competition is good.
Competition refreshes. Competition puts you on your front foot and keeps you very active and innovative.
And clearly, there's some P/E that's in the market, largely on the middle market part of the business. And
you scared me a little bit with your comment about the get together of AON and Marsh. I thought you
were breaking news there for a second, but I'm not going to comment in-depth on anything to do with
AON and Willis. We do think that we'll have lots of opportunities. I mean, I like our strategic positioning.
I wouldn't trade places with any of our competitors. And on a personal comment, as somebody who's had
almost 40 years in this business, I don't think the AON-Willis combination is good for clients or good for
the market. But I do think it's good for Marsh & McLennan. I mean, come on, the big 3 becomes the big 2,
how could that not be a benefit to us?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Operator

Our question comes from the line of Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley.

Michael Wayne Phillips
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just one for me as well. Dan, just love to hear your thoughts on how the pandemic has influenced
valuations in the M&A space for brokers.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No, first of all, the M&A space for brokers where you've seen most of the activity is in the upper
middle market and below. And as Paul was just alluding to, there's a lot of P/E in that space. And the math
may be a little bit different for them because the leverage levels are a bit higher, and the ability to borrow
money at low interest rates is probably even more improved than it was a year or 2 ago. And so that's
going to remain an active market I don't think you're going to see much change in multiples right now.
Multiples are high, probably too high, in our opinion in some areas, but multiples are high. So it really is,
well, what's the structure of the deal? With all the uncertainty out there, you probably look at more of an
earn-out component than what you would otherwise see a year or 2 ago. And you also have to be really
focused on, well, what's the EBITDA. Most of the businesses, which are for sale, so to speak, are private
companies. And so it all gets pro formed. And I think, actually, the EBITDA calculation on a pro forma
basis is more important to be reviewed and scrutinized and to get comfortable with than the multiple
itself. You want to know, well, what will that business do in your hands. And so we're still active. We don't
generally compete with P/E in that space because we're generally having more limited discussions with
companies in the brokerage space, particularly in the U.S. with Marsh & McLennan Agency. But we're
committed to that part of the market. We think it's a great business, and we will continue to be a buyer.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Bank of America.

Joshua David Shanker
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I want to maybe -- maybe Mark could give us a little detail on numbers. But can we talk a little bit about
T&E? And you said you're going to be starting to do T&E again, at least in some -- we can put the numbers
behind this? How much was suppressed in the second quarter? And how much do you layer in? Or...

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Josh, we never give absolute numbers on T&E because once you do it, you do it forever. I mean, at
the end, T&E is not an immaterial number, but obviously you're not talking double digits of spending in
travel and entertainment. But you have to think -- there's 2 things. One, in the second quarter, you've got
to think T&E was off big time, like you're talking about mid- 90s type of percentage points. Nobody was
traveling or entertaining. So that's a huge down trap. And I may have misspoke in terms of -- when I talk
about T&E, I don't expect T&E to bounce back in any way in the second half of the year. It's going -- there
won't be much, put it this way, travel or entertainment for the balance of the year. What I was trying to
get across was, over time, either looking into 2021 and 2022, I'm not sure T&E is ever at the same level
it was pre-COVID. I don't know if people will really travel as much because I don't think it's as necessary
as what the perception was before. So I do think over the long term, T&E maybe one of those areas where
we have an expense benefit that is lasting, where we will -- where T&E will obviously go up from near 0,
but it won't go back to the level that it had been pre-COVID.

Joshua David Shanker
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

So with that in mind, when I try and think about expenses in the back half of the year, I expect them still
to be materially down from the second half of '19, but you're -- I know you're not giving explicit guidance,
but modest EPS increased for the full year sort of implies a material downturn EPS in the back half of the
year. With expenses down, I mean, I'm not -- I know you don't give explicit guidance, but it seems like the
tailwind on expenses still persist in the back half of the year. I'm not sure why we should expect a year-
over-year decline in earnings even if revenues fall off a bit.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Well, I mean, at the end, we're a revenue-based company. You look at our second quarter, where
RIS margins were up 430 basis points with modest levels of revenue increase. That obviously is not
sustainable, which means we basically shut down large swaths of the expenses of this organization
because of the great uncertainty as to what was going to happen on the top line. We now have more
clarity around what's going to happen on the top line, and we do believe the top line across the firm
will feel a bit more pressure than the second quarter. It doesn't mean we're going to fall off of a cliff,
but it does mean that some of the benefit we had in the second quarter of the momentum we had from
the fourth and the first abates. And then we're just faced with the now of revenue pressure. And we
want to release a little bit of some of the expense pullback drawback that we had. And as I was saying
before, Josh, this is an art rather than a science. We could cut our expenses significantly from here and
deliver margin improvement in the back half of the year even if our top line is negative, but it would not
be good for the company in any type of mid-term or long-term perspective. So we're not going to do
that. We're going to continue to invest in this organization. The dislocation that exists in the market, the
ability to strategically recruit the movement in digitization, our technology modernization, all of that work
continues, and we're going to continue. Anything else, Josh?

Operator

I would now like to turn the call back over to Dan Glaser, President and CEO of Marsh & McLennan
Companies, for any closing remarks.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, operator, and thank you to all of you joining us on the call this morning.

In closing, I want to thank our 76,000 colleagues for their hard work and dedication as well as their
support of each other, clients and local communities. I am impressed and humbled by their response
during these challenging times. I also want to thank our clients for their continued support. Thank you all
very much, and I look forward to speaking with you next quarter.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

