Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. 

NYSE:MMC
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 30, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.56

1.64

Revenue  (mm)

4661.96

4700.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-30-2020 1:17 PM GMT

5.13

0.82

1.22

4.81

5.44

4226.08

17196.00

18308.85

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

1.13

0.70

1.18

1.56

1.18

0.77

1.19

1.64

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4.42 %

10.00 %

0.85 %

5.13 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Mark Christopher McGivney
Chief Financial Officer

Peter C. Hearn
President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Charles Gregory Peters
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael David Zaremski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Marsh & McLennan Companies conference call. Today's call is being recorded. First quarter
2020 financial results and supplemental information were issued earlier this morning. They are available
on the company's website at www.mmc.com.

Please note that remarks made today may include forward-looking statements, including certain
expectations related to COVID-19 and other matters. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks
and uncertainties, and a variety of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those
contemplated by such statements. For a more detailed discussion of those factors, please refer to our
earnings release for this quarter and to our most recent SEC filings, including our most recent Form 10-K,
all of which are available on the MMC website.

During the call today, we may also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation
of these measures to most closely comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the schedule to today's
earnings release.

I'll now turn this over to Dan Glaser, President and CFO (sic) [ CEO ] of Marsh & McLennan Companies.
Please go ahead.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Thank you very much, and good morning. Thank you for joining us to discuss our first quarter results
reported earlier today. I'm Dan Glaser, President and CEO of Marsh & McLennan. Joining me on the call
today is Mark McGivney, our CFO; and the CEOs of our businesses, John Doyle of Marsh; Peter Hearn
of Guy Carpenter; Martine Ferland of Mercer; and Scott McDonald of Oliver Wyman. Also with us this
morning is Sarah Dewitt, Head of Investor Relations.

I am pleased to report that our first quarter results were excellent, despite seeing early signs of
COVID-19-related headwinds. Before I get into our results, I want to start by addressing the current
crisis. We are living through 12 deeply troubling times that are unprecedented in our lifetimes. This is first
and foremost a human tragedy, where the health and livelihood of virtually everyone around the world
is threatened, and the ultimate economic impact is still very much unknown. We do know that the next
several months, and possibly longer, will be difficult.

Uncertainty is at an all-time high. There is poor visibility, business outlook have been severely damaged
and confidence is down. Even though it is hard to imagine at present, we will see the other side of this
crisis. In the aftermath, there will be a prolonged adjustment. I don't think any of us expect a quick return
to life as we knew it.

However, recent data shows that our response to the crisis is helping to flatten the curve, and we can
already see some parts of the world to take early steps toward recovery.

MMC businesses are working at multiple levels to get the global economy working again. Underpinning our
work is our interaction with governments and clients, including banks, insurance companies in all facets
of the global economic infrastructure. Navigating the current period is challenging for all enterprises,
yet Marsh & McLennan has proven to be resilient, strong and unique. We will learn and improve as
an organization during this difficult period. Marsh & McLennan has never been flatter, faster or more
connected than we are today, and I expect some of how we are adapting through this period will benefit
us over the longer term.

I want to share some insight about how we are operating in the crisis. The safety and well-being of our
colleagues is our first priority. We moved quickly to suspend travel, implement work from home and put in
place flexible work policies. We have a world-class executive team, which I am incredibly proud to lead. I
also want to thank our colleagues, who have rallied in their support of each other, and our clients.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Over the last decade, we've invested significantly in the infrastructure of our business across the world.
We are a globally integrated firm in terms of systems and processes, and this has proven invaluable in our
response to this crisis.

Within days, we were able to pivot to close to 100% work from home, with over 70,000 concurrent remote
connections across the world, and virtually no disruption in our business and our ability to serve clients. In
fact, we have a number of recent new business wins where nobody met in person. We entered this crisis
in a position of strength, and are focused on delivering reasonable financial performance in the short term,
while supporting our colleagues and positioning the firm for the mid- to long term. We have made several
decisions reflecting this approach.

In mid-March, we committed that while we are in the thick of this crisis, our colleagues' jobs are secure.
We also set up a $5 million support fund for colleagues in need as well as committed to matching
charitable gift contributions. Our decision to put colleagues' interest first is guided by our values and
aspirations as a company. This doesn't mean we are being complacent on cost reductions during this
period, it is simply the right thing to do. It also speaks to our confidence in the strength of our business,
which will rebound as the global economy improves.

We have moved fast to cut nonessential expenses and reduce capital expenditures, and we will, obviously,
see meaningful decreases in P&E. We are taking prudent and necessary actions to manage expenses, but
at the same time, we are still focused on positioning for the long term. As an example, in early April, we
closed another terrific acquisition in MMA Assurance Holdings, which will operate at the Midwest regional
headquarters for MMA. So far in 2020, we announced 3 MMA acquisitions. And in just 10 years, MMA has
grown into a leading midsized business platform in the U.S., approaching $2 billion in revenue, with 7,200
colleagues and 160 offices.

I am inspired by the hard work, dedication and focus of our colleagues in this unprecedented time. It is
their efforts that demonstrate the true strength and character of Marsh & McLennan. The environment will
remain challenging, and the duration is unknown, but Marsh & McLennan enters this period in a position of
strength, and we will emerge on our front foot.

This month marks the 1 year anniversary of our combination with JLT, and I am pleased to say the major
elements of inspiration, including integration of colleagues, culture and financial systems are behind
us, and we are well along the way on technology. Our strong first quarter results are evidence that the
initial period of choppiness from the acquisition is over, and we emerged as a stronger, more diverse
company with more capabilities and geographic depth. We are a unified firm globally. We are working as
one enterprise, smarter, more connected and more creative than we were a year ago.

During these challenging times, we continue to innovate for positive change for our clients, focusing
on shaping the industries in which we operate. In health and benefits, Mercer Marsh Benefits created a
COVID-19 product, which is now supporting over 500,000 employees in Italy. The team then developed
similar products that support people in more than 30 countries, with all regions working together,
exchanging findings and truly operating as one team around the world.

Our benefit technology, Darwin, has also proven very valuable to clients, helping them rapidly inventory
their pandemic coverage, address gaps and deploy creative solutions to their employees, such as access to
virtual, physical and mental well-being services and telemedicine.

We've also been advocating for the development of public-private partnerships around the world to
address pandemic risk. Marsh & Guy Carpenter are bringing policyholders, insurers and the government
together to develop public-private partnerships to accelerate economic recovery, and assure a more
resilient global economy in the future.

Mercer is helping clients assess updated pension costs and funding-level projections and investment
portfolio options. We have been advocating for short-term pension funding relief to help businesses
address near-term cash challenges and protect jobs.

In Oliver Wyman, we are helping clients with their crisis response, navigating the impact on demand and
supply as well as working through financial and liquidity challenges. We have developed a proprietary tool,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

called the Pandemic Navigator, that helps companies predict future COVID-19 development, informed by
different suppression tactics, and ultimately estimate overall and company-specific economic impact. The
tool covers more than 40 countries, and all U.S. states that will help our clients plan for when and how to
conduct business after the crisis has subsided.

Many of our clients around the world are already actively using the tool and accessing our experts,
including more than 100 healthcare organizations, several governments and public sector entities over a
dozen major financial services companies and corporations across sectors.

In summary, I am proud of how our company is responding to this crisis. Let me spend a moment on
current P&C insurance market conditions. P&C insurance pricing continues to increase. The March global
insurance market index increased 14% versus 11% in the fourth quarter and 8% in the third quarter.
Global property insurance was up 15%, and global financial and professional lines were up 26%, while
global casualty rates are up 5% on average.

Keep in mind, however, our index use a large-account business where we typically earn fees. Small and
middle market insurance pricing increased more modestly in the mid-single-digit range. Given the losses
from the pandemic, pricing trends globally are likely to continue.

The range of insured loss outcomes from the pandemic is wide and evolving. The loss is unique because
it is ongoing. It will take a long time for it to be fully understood. It affects nearly every country, and it
also led to a simultaneous asset stock. What we do know is there will be significant losses in lines such as
event cancellations, travel, D&O, workers' compensation, credit lines and political risk.

The potential for other losses, business interruption or otherwise, makes the overall loss difficult to
estimate at this time. The determination of coverage for the virus will be policy-by-policy. So we think
legislating retroactive coverage is a step too far and will challenge the very notion of insurance. The
decline in exposure units, due to the economic fallout of COVID-19, will put downward pressure on
premiums, although it will vary greatly by industry and by line of business.

In some cases, carriers are offering or considering proactive premium adjustments. Although to date, it
has been limited in commercial lines. In some markets, regulators are looking to mandate refunds.

Turning to reinsurance. The April 1 renewals are largely focused on Japan. Following a couple of years
that were the worst for Japanese typhoon activity experienced in recent times, Japanese insurers paid
significant increases to secure renewal of their capacity excess of loss covers. The rates and other loss-
free lines were stable.

The upcoming June 1 renewals are largely focused on southeast U.S. wind exposure. Many renewal
placements are expected to face upward rate pressure from continued loss created from 2017 and 2018
hurricane events.

In addition, reinsurers will be assessing the impact from COVID-19-related issues. Overall, the global P&C
insurance market is complex. Pandemic issues continue to evolve and this is before we enter the U.S.
hurricane season. It is in times like these where our expertise and capabilities are even more critical.

Now let me turn to our first quarter financial performance. We delivered excellent results in the quarter,
with underlying revenue growth across both risk and insurance services and consulting. Total revenue
was $4.7 billion, up 14%, or 5% on an underlying basis. Underlying growth was strong in both segments,
with RIS up 5% and Consulting up 3%. Adjusted operating income increased 15% versus a year ago to
$1.2 billion. The adjusted operating margin increased 80 basis points to 27%. Adjusted earnings per share
increased 8% versus a year ago to $1.64, reflecting strong underlying growth and margin expansion.

Even though COVID-19 will impact our results for the remainder of the year, our strong first quarter
performance is evidence that we entered this period in a position of strength and able to manage through
a difficult environment.

Moving to -- on to an update of our expectations for 2020. The current situation is still evolving, and
it is uncertain how deep and prolonged the downturn will be. Our outlook is based on a sharp global

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

economic pullback starting in the second quarter, with the global lockdown lifting in the third quarter with
recessionary conditions persisting through the year. For the full year 2020, we currently expect a modest
decline in underlying revenue.

We are being vigilant and disciplined regarding discretionary expenses. We have strong control over our
cost base, and have levers at our disposal to manage in the near term. For the full year, if underlying
revenue declines modestly, we could see adjusted EPS in a similar range or slightly better.

With that, let me turn it over to Mark for a more detailed review of our results.

Mark Christopher McGivney
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Dan, and good morning. Our first quarter results were excellent. And although the current
crisis will impact our performance this year, we faced it well positioned and strong. Dan covered the high-
level results for the quarter, so I will provide some additional details on our results, and then turn to
updated views on our outlook and capital management.

Looking at Risk & Insurance Services. First quarter revenue was $2.9 billion, up 20% compared with a
year ago, or 5% on an underlying basis. Adjusted operating income increased 20% to $932 million, and
our adjusted operating margin expanded 90 basis points to 34.5%.

At March, revenue in the quarter was $2.1 billion, with underlying growth of 5%. Growth in the quarter
was broad-based and driven by strong new business and renewals. The U.S. and Canada division delivered
another quarter of strong growth, with underlying revenue up 5%. U.S. and Canada has achieved 5% or
higher underlying growth in 7 of the last 8 quarters.

In international, underlying growth was solid at 4%. EMEA was up 4%, representing the highest
underlying growth in that region in 12 quarters, led by strength in Continental Europe and the Middle East.
Asia Pacific was up 6%, on top of 8% in the first quarter of 2019. This result is impressive considering the
virus impacted Asia in the first quarter. And Latin America grew 3% on an underlying basis.

Guy Carpenter's revenue was $827 million, up 25%, or 7% on an underlying basis, driven by strong
growth in EMEA, North America and Asia Pacific. Guy Carpenter has now achieved 5% or higher underlying
growth in 9 of the last 10 quarters.

In the Consulting segment, revenue in the quarter was $1.8 billion, up 5% compared with a year ago,
or 3% on an underlying basis. Adjusted operating income was $289 million, and the adjusted operating
margin contracted by 80 basis points to 17.2%.

As we mentioned on our last call, we expected the first quarter margin to decline in Consulting due to
some quarterly volatility and the inclusion of JLT's employee benefits business, whose margins have
historically been relatively low in the first quarter.

At Mercer, revenue in the quarter was $1.3 billion, with strong underlying growth of 5%, continuing
the trend of sequential improvement in growth from the first quarter of 2019. Wealth increased 3% on
an underlying basis, reflecting low single-digit growth in defined benefit and mid-single-digit growth in
investment management. Our assets under delegated management were approximately $267 billion at
the end of the first quarter, up 1% year-over-year, but down 12% sequentially due to the decline in equity
markets. Health grew 8% on an underlying basis, the strongest growth since the fourth quarter of 2015,
reflecting solid performance across the portfolio, and Career grew 2% on an underlying basis.

At Oliver Wyman, revenue in the quarter was $511 million, which was flat on an underlying basis. After a
good start to the year, we saw the beginning of virus-related impact at Oliver Wyman in March.

Adjusted corporate expense was $54 million in the quarter. Our other net benefit credit was $64 million in
the quarter, and for 2020, we anticipate this item will be modestly lower than in 2019. Based on current
expectations, we would assume roughly $256 million for this -- for 2020 versus $271 million in 2019.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Foreign exchange was a slight headwind to EPS in the quarter. Assuming exchange rates remain at current
levels, we expect FX to be approximately a $0.06 per share headwind for the remainder of the year.

Our effective adjusted tax rate in the first quarter was 23.2% compared with 22.6% in the first quarter of
last year. Our tax rate benefited from favorable discrete items, the largest of which was the accounting for
share-based compensation similar to a year ago. Excluding discrete items, our effective adjusted tax rate
was approximately 25.5%.

Based on the current environment, it is reasonable to assume a tax rate between 25% and 26% for 2020.
April 1 marked the 1 year anniversary of our acquisition of JLT, and we are on plan or ahead of schedule
on all of our key milestones, including cost savings and restructuring actions.

We incurred $80 million of JLT integration and restructuring cost in the first quarter, bringing the total to
date to $415 million. We remain on track to achieve our guidance of at least $350 million of JLT savings
by the end of 2021. We still expect to incur $625 million of cash costs and $75 million of noncash costs to
achieve these savings.

While it remains our expectation that a significant amount of our actions will be taken in 2020, the current
crisis could impact timing as we navigate through the near term. As a result, we could see some shift in
our expectations for integration cost and savings between 2020 and 2021, but our current view is this
impact will be relatively modest.

Our outlook for 2020 has obviously changed in light of the current crisis. We want to share how we think
our performance could develop, but have to emphasize that we have less visibility into how our results
could unfold over the next few quarters than at any time we can remember. Our view is based on our
outlook today, and it goes without saying that conditions could turn out materially different than our
assumptions, which would affect our projections. As Dan mentioned, our outlook is based on a sharp
economic pullback starting in the second quarter with the global lockdown lifting in the third quarter, but
recessionary conditions persisting through the year.

Based on these forecasts and our internal analysis, our current view is that we could see a modest decline
in underlying revenue for the full year, with the deepest declines in the second and third quarters. At
March, we still see the potential for modest underlying revenue growth for the year, although the second
and third quarters will be challenging.

We believe Guy Carpenter will see mid-single-digit underlying growth for the year, with a stronger first
half and a weaker second half. We currently expect Mercer could see underlying revenue decline for the
remainder of the year and be down modestly for the full year.

Oliver Wyman, we will see a meaningful pullback in underlying revenue in the second and third quarters
that could be greater than the peak decline we saw in the financial crisis. We would note, however, that
once the financial crisis subsided, and the global economy stabilized, both Mercer and Oliver Wyman
experienced a strong rebound in underlying growth.

Contemplating this outlook on the top line, we moved quickly to manage our expense base and
significantly cut back on every discretionary expense across the firm. Our earnings will benefit from these
actions as well as the continued contribution from JLT synergies. Based on this, if our revenue is in the
range that we've discussed, we could see adjusted EPS for the year in the same range or slightly better.

Turning to capital management and liquidity. In addition to our existing $1.8 billion credit facility, of which
$800 million was unused at the end of the quarter, we recently secured additional borrowing capacity in
the form of a new $1 billion line of credit. This was a prudent step to increase our access to short-term
funding, given the uncertainty of the current environment.

On our fourth quarter call, we provided an outlook for capital management, and that outlook has clearly
changed in light of the current environment. While we intend to maintain our dividend, it is unlikely we will
grow the dividend double digits this year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

On the fourth quarter call, we indicated that we did not expect any share repurchases in the first half of
2020. At this point, we do not expect to repurchase shares this year.

We've remained focused on deleveraging, although the pace of debt paydown will ultimately depend on
our cash flow generation in the current environment. Total debt at the end of the first quarter was $13.6
billion compared with $12 billion at the end of 2019. This increase in debt is primarily due to short-term
borrowings to fund seasonal cash needs, which are highest in the first quarter. We were also holding
additional cash at quarter end to fund the purchase of Assurance Holdings and MMA acquisition that closed
on April 1.

Our next scheduled debt maturity during December 2020 when $700 million of senior notes will mature,
and in January 2021, when a $500 million term loan comes due.

During the first quarter, we repaid $500 million of debt that matured. Interest expense in the first quarter
was $127 million. Based on our current forecast, we expect approximately $140 million of interest
expense in the second quarter.

Our cash position at the end of the first quarter was $1.5 billion. Uses of cash in quarter totaled $476
million and included $232 million for dividends and $244 million for acquisitions.

Overall, we are pleased with our excellent first quarter results. We are a resilient company and we entered
this crisis from a position of strength.

And with that, I'm happy to turn it back to Dan.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director
Thank you, Mark. And operator, we're happy to take questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We will now take the first question from Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse.

Michael David Zaremski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Thank you for the prepared remarks and the update on the guidance. My first question is regarding your
outlook. And other -- I guess, if revenues took -- potentially decline by single digits, and earnings could
very well then potentially also fall by single digits, I think that's a pretty good outlook relative to past
recessions, or maybe I'm wrong.

Maybe you can kind of talk through, are the dynamics different from -- for Marsh & McLennan this time
around versus the past recession? Are there -- are you -- is the business less cyclical? Are there more
kind of levers in terms of cost reduction efforts that you can pull this time around versus the recession a
decade or plus ago?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Mike. Never thought I'd missed you guys. So it's good to have some people on the telephone. I'm
getting tired of looking at the same face of my team every morning. So but every crisis is different, Mike.
It all has its own unique attributes. And while there are parallels to draw, you can't get really focused on --
it was like this last time, so it will be like this, this time.

I think the important thing is MMC is really defensive and resilient. We're not immune to these kind of
crises. But for us, the impact is going to manifest itself as reduced demand for consulting series -- services
and lower premium growth due to the exposure decline and the exposure decline may be more significant
than they were in the global financial crisis. But on the other hand, at that point in time, rates were
generally going down, and now rates are generally going up.

If the recovery is faster than we outlined in our scripted remarks, then we'll do better than our guidance.
And if the downturn is deeper and more prolonged, we'll do worse. But the impact on us, we believe, is
manageable.

And when I think about resilience, I have to think about things like clients are going to continue to
buy insurance. They're going to continue to renew their health and benefits programs. They're going
to do their annual actuarial work. And so that kind of thing, the level of recurring revenue, recurring
engagements that we have will continue.

We mentioned that Oliver Wyman is expected to see this -- the most significant negative revenue impact.
But keep in mind, the cost structure -- I've mentioned many times before, the cost structure in Oliver
Wyman is more variable than in the rest of the company. And so it helps us mitigate the earnings impact
because of the variable cost nature of OW.

Now if you mentioned the financial crisis, and just to go back in time, RIS, in the -- in 2008, was 0. They
were flat. And in 2009 was a minus 1. And the Consulting division actually grew in 2008, and was down
7% in 2009. And OW, back in the last crisis, contracted for 6 quarters consecutively, and then had a pretty
strong rebound after that. And clearly, when we look at OW now, it's a completely different firm, and
certainly has been our best grower over that elongated period.

But Mike, do you have a follow up?

Michael David Zaremski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Yes, that's helpful. My follow-up is, Dan, and you talked about the extreme uncertainty regarding
COVID-19-related losses, and I guess revenue impacts for the entire industry. Curious, what are you guys
seeing and your teammates seeing in April regarding commercial P&C pricing?

Is it actually moving higher despite the economic pressures due to the uncertainty? And maybe if there's
any distinctions between M&A -- MMA kind of small, medium-sized businesses versus the largest clients?
That would be great, too.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Sure. And I'll hand off to John and also to Peter to give some deeper commentary. But I'll just start
by saying, we're an intermediary. We're insurance brokers. And on the Marsh side of the house, we do
everything we can to negotiate broad coverage terms at high-quality, best price available sort of thing.
And that's what we'll continue to do. That's our job.

And so to us, we're not trying to strike a balance between insurance companies and our clients, we're an
advocate for our clients. And these are tough times for a lot of our clients. And so we're working hard to
obtain the best terms possible, because nobody wants to be paying premium increases at a time when
cash is king. And so we're really focused on doing our best. And we expect, in this kind of environment,
there's a bit of a flight to quality. There's also higher levels of client retention anticipated, and probably
softer new business as we go forward as we work through.

But John, do you want to talk about the overall environment for COVID losses? And how you're seeing the
market today?

Right. So we're going to be plugging John in, in a second. But what? Peter Hearn, let me go to you and
talk a little bit about the reinsurance side.

Peter C. Hearn
President & CEO

Yes, Dan. The reinsurance market pricing was already increasing prior to COVID-19. It continues to
increase. And so we're looking at this as a continuation of a market that was already in transition,
principally in the United States, more than in Europe, but I would imagine at the advent of COVID-19 that
there'll be a reevaluation of risk throughout reinsurers' entire portfolio.

So at April 1, we saw increases in Japanese risk, principally based on several years of typhoon loss. In
Florida, no doubt there will be a reevaluation of risk-based on the loss creep from events in 2017 and
2018, which Dan mentioned in his opening comments. But I would say, in general, the reinsurance market
has acted responsibly in their pricing to our clients based on exposure, based on loss experience and
based on their overall relationship with them.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Thanks, Peter. One of the things that we mentioned in our script is that we're entering the U.S.
hurricane season. And so this market is fragile. And the one thing that all companies want, but in
particular, insurance companies speak to some level of certainty with regard to what loss has happened,
and how it's going to impact them. And -- because in a lot of ways, premium levels, at least on the ratings
side, are determined by past losses is probably the primary determinant of what's going to happen to
rates in the future, is what happened to losses in the past.

And COVID is really unique because it is a slow-developing catastrophe. So we all know it's going to be
big, but it's in real-time right now. I mean, the loss is ongoing, and it's global. And so on that standpoint,
clearly, we -- we're going to be battling with insurers on rate levels because, in many areas, they're going
to be seeking higher rate levels.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

The next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So first, I just had a question on your exposure to potential sort of the debate that's going on, on the
business interruption. How do you sort of think about your exposure to E&O claims? Their client might
think that they're covered for something. And in fact, they're not. I know you had like a $0.5 billion
settlement in the last -- about 10 years ago. But can you give us any details on your own liability coverage
and redemption or the mix?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Jimmy. I mean, the Alaska situation is completely different from this one. And so really, it doesn't
apply. But our role and principle focus as a broker is to advocate forcibly for policyholders, and doing our
best to obtain broad coverage. And in the event of a claim, assisting them with recoveries. And so from
that standpoint, that's what we do. We're on the client side of the table trying to develop outcomes. And
as we mentioned in the script, this is going to be a case-by-case sort of basis. This is a different wording
out there. Some language is much clearer than others. And so therefore, there will be different impacts as
we go through advocating for clients.

In terms of our own risk management practices, over the last few years, we've streamlined our
professional standards. We've conducted E&O trainings for thousands of colleagues, and we've instituted
widespread limits of liability. So E&O is a large risk exposure to us. We are in the business of giving
advice. But on that -- but I think we're entering this crisis with consistency and controls in terms of how
we render that advice.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And then -- Yes. On -- and this is a different topic, and you discussed this in your comments as well.
But as you -- based -- and obviously, the virus is an evolving situation. But based on your views right now,
2Q is probably going to be weak, third quarter should be weak as well. Do you expect your -- trough in
your results to be in the third quarter? Or is it more likely in 2Q, when you think you're going to slowly be
emerging out of it in the third quarter?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

No. I think that the impact, generally, in insurance, you have delayed impact geared up with renewal dates
and that sort of thing. It's not an immediate type of impact. So I think we're going to feel headwinds in
parts of our business, significant headwinds, both in the second and in the third quarter. And I can't really
peg which one is likely to be more significant.

When I look at the overall company and, as we described before, RIS could do reasonably okay in the
circumstances this year. Mercer, we're thinking is going to be negative, most likely for the balance of the
year. But overall, we think it's probably a modest decline for the year, and there'll be proper pullbacks on
OW. In fact, at the end, we're very much focused, not only in managing this crisis to the best we can, but
also emerging from this crisis stronger than we otherwise would be. And so we're not fighting every inch
for the second and third quarter, we're fighting for the next 3 years. And we're making sure that we're
doing the right things now to ensure that we're positioned well.

Operator

The next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

My first question, going back to the outlook as well. So you guys pointed to a modest decline in underlying
revenue in your outlook and said that EPS could decline by a similar amount. So that would imply that
your margins would be fairly stable-ish or hold up pretty well for the year.

I just want to confirm: a, that I'm thinking about that right; and then b, Dan, going back to some of your
other comments, you guys imply a sharper declines within consulting, so is it right to think that you would
see more of a margin impact within consulting? And maybe the RIS margins could hold up better during
the downturn?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Yes, you're spot on, Elyse. And I'll just say, in general, we're not really focused on margin. We're focused
more on issues around revenue and earnings, and margin will be an outcome of what happens on the
top line, to a large extent. But you're right on in thinking that based upon what we've said about RIS,
it's likely that RIS's margins hold up and may even improve a bit. And on the other hand, it's likely that
Consulting's margin, based upon what we said is going to occur with their revenue outlook, are going to
reduce. And overall, company-wide, I can't make a call right now in terms of that.

I do know I love a streak, and we've had 12 years in a row of margin expansion. And so we won't give
that one up so easily.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then my second question, you pointed to business in the second and the third quarter. And it
sounds like, just in response to previous questions, that there is a bit of a lag on the broker side. So it
sounds like maybe third quarter will be weaker than the second? Further on Consulting on some of the
weakness that you called out within Oliver Wyman and within Mercer, is that more immediate in nature?
And so should we think about Consulting kind of flowing over in the next couple of quarters kind of in line
as to where both might be to the same degree?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think the way to look at it is what's recurring revenue? And what's more project-related? And that
has more of an impact as to whether something falls in Consulting or something falls on the RIS side.

On the RIS side, there's a significant amount of recurring revenue. But parts of Mercer have a lot of
recurring revenue as well. And so both of those recurring revenue pieces probably have a longer time
horizon or a lag effect, and so you will see an impact over the second and the third quarter as those
businesses adjust.

Areas which have nonrecurring revenue, it could be some project-related consulting in Career within
Mercer. It could be most of Oliver Wyman is project related. Those will be faster declines, more immediate
declines. And so you would see, right in the second quarter, those parts of the business coming off.

Operator

The next question comes from Greg Peters from Raymond James.

Charles Gregory Peters
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

My first question, we've seen a number of companies in the insurance industry announce no-layoff
pledges. One of your peers has announced salary cuts, and there seems to be a level of social
responsibility that is becoming increasingly more important. So I'm curious about how you would think
that might impact things around cost-saving initiatives and synergies, both currently and the future M&A?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Well, thanks, Greg. I mean, it's a really important question, and it's multifaceted. So let me talk about
it a little bit from our perspective. I mean, I -- we did talk about, both Mark and I, that our visibility into
our outlook is uncertain. So making decisions with so much uncertainty about outlook, it's been easy. But
those decisions are best done with clear eyes and the collective judgment of a seasoned team.

So we've spent a lot of time serving the horizon. And in our view, as I was just mentioning, we're in a
resilient business. RIS should hold up pretty well. Some parts of Consulting are going to see a meaningful
pullback, but we expect them to come back strong as the economy recovers. And so we've got many
different levers on the expense side at our disposal.

We want to preserve flexibility and optionality for as long as we can. And we want to make decisions based
on data, scenario planning, stretch testing. And we've got all kinds of capability within the firm in order to
do that, and we recognized that there are different levers for different challenges. When we think about
expense cuts in our bonus pool, it's primarily giving us levers to protect earnings. And by the way, just
as an aside, our bonus pool in 2019 was the largest in our history. So from that standpoint, bonus pool,
expense cuts are going to protect earnings as we go forward.

To us, salary reductions and things like dividend cuts are levers to protect liquidity. It's kind of like
survival-mode stuff. And we would -- we took some other actions. We've secured additional assets and
liquidity early in the crisis. We believe that, that's going to help us manage through most scenarios for the
slowdowns in collections impact our cash flow.

And as we saw in the financial crisis, there was a slowdown in the collections cycle, but it was temporary.
So solving that issue by reducing pay is an awfully blunt instrument, and it can have lasting implications.
Starting with the notion of battering trust with your colleague base by challenging them when they're
in this difficult period. And the snap back that all recurring cost, once pay is lifted back again, it's just a
couple of things that make it really problematic.

Also, you can't just implement that kind of thing easily. There's consultation rules in most countries. And
so doing some sort of broad-based pay reduction programs are very difficult, and the impact oftentimes
will fall most heavily and unfairly on the U.S. population.

And so based upon our outlook today, levers like pay cuts or dividend cuts are not necessary. We track
daily cash activity, so we can get early warning signs, and we can react quickly if those levers become
warranted. But I can't emphasize enough that we are managing this period very closely. We have never
been more connected as an organization.

The leadership team and I meet every day, and we are watching new business, expenses, exposure,
pricing, cash flows obsessively as a leadership team. And we are calm, and we are clear-eyed in this crisis.

Our intention is that in terms of levers, to avoid being late in pulling a lever, but also avoid doing
something now that is harmful and later proves to be unnecessary.

Do you have any follow-ups, Greg?

Charles Gregory Peters
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Yes, I do. I want to pivot to the balance sheet. First, it's 2 parts. I'm just curious in the light of all these
give back and delayed programs and premiums. If you could address the net receivable balance on your
balance sheet? And if you have any concerns on that?

And then in the debt component, I know you spoke in the opening comments about how you took down
the $2 billion of revolver and then you paid off $500 million. But the long-term debt piece increased from
$10.741 billion at the end of the year to $11.231 billion. And I don't understand why the long-term debt
would have increased when you paid down $500 million?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Sure. Sure. Let me hand over to Mark, who will walk you through, not only our approach on account
receivables, but what we're looking like on the debt side. So Mark?

Mark Christopher McGivney
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. There's a lot in that question, so I'll try to hit all those points. First, just to hit a little bit on liquidity
in the collection side, and how we feel we're positioned, Dan hit on a little bit of this. I mean, you go into
a period like this, and you pulled back and focused on the basis, and liquidity and flexibility are definitely
on that list. And so very early in the crisis, we jumped on this from both a financial perspective and an
operational perspective.

So I mentioned earlier, in addition to our $1.8 billion credit facility, we went on almost immediately and
secured an extra $1 billion short-term line of credit, just as additional firepower going into this period of
uncertainty. And remember, we have $1.5 billion of cash on our balance sheet. Some of that was to pay
for the insurance acquisition, but we typically run about $1.1 billion on average at any given point in time.
And so we've got substantial liquidity available to us as we enter this period.

In terms of collections and visibility, we've operationalized around this like, as I said, this heightened
visibility on the potential for a slowdown in collections, but in a financial crisis, there was one, and so it's
something we could anticipate.

And Dan mentioned earlier, we've invested a lot in globally consistent systems and platforms, and the
finance area is one of those. So having a common accounting platform and financial reporting platform
gives us very good visibility into accounts receivable balances, aging, trends, and all of our businesses are
taking in -- taking advantage of that.

The other thing we're doing is we have pretty good visibility in our major countries, and just daily catch
deposit and cash flow activity. And so this is something that you can anticipate and prepare for. And
whether it's financially in terms of flexibility or operationally to try to mitigate any impact as best we can,
we feel well prepared.

Just a couple of things on what you said. We still have $800 million of capacity in our existing short-term
credit facility, not even the $1.1 billion. So not all of what you see in short-term debt there is revolver
borrowing.

And that we typically -- the increase we saw in short-term debt in the first quarter is what we typically
see every first quarter. First quarter is when we pay out our bonus payments, and we fund that through
short-term financing. As I also mentioned, we're holding on to a little bit of extra cash for the Assurance
acquisition.

And then just the increase in long-term debt. That was just a move we made early in the year just to term
out a little bit of the short-term financing we had. And a lot of flexibility we're building into and have built
into our term structure just relating to the debt we raised as part of financing JLT.

So overall, we have pretty substantial access to short-term liquidity, and we feel like we're pretty well
mobilized around any risks associated with a delay in the collection cycle.

Operator

The next question comes from Suneet Kamath from Citi.

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

My first question is around the environment. I mean, typically, when we would see 2 large competitors
merging, I would have thought that could have created some opportunities for the folks that are not
distracted by a large deal. Just wanted to get your thoughts on that? Or is that something we shouldn't
expect, given all the uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic?

Daniel S. Glaser
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

President, CEO & Director

Well, I'm not going to comment on the potential merger between AON and Willis, I'll leave it to them
to comment on it. We like our strategic positioning. We would not change positions with any of our
competitors. We believe that we're set up very well. We're in the right countries. We've got the highest-
quality colleague base.

We've got a client list that would be the envy of any company in the world. And so we think that we'll be
able to grow substantially in the future, based upon the fact that we're the leading provider of services
around risk, strategy and people. And so we like the way we're set up.

I do know we've learned an awful lot about integration activities over the course of the last decade. We
have done a number of acquisitions. And of course, JLT was the largest acquisition in our history. And we
had a terrific year, a remarkable year in 2019, even though we were doing a lot of integration work. And
that is down to the quality of the executive team and the matching of culture that existed.

They -- were the cultures were not identical, that's to be sure. But they're both high-quality, they're
both positive, they're both client-focused. And so on that basis, I really think that our first quarter
demonstrates tick that box. JLT was a successful acquisition for Marsh & McLennan and was a successful
integration. We had 5% underlying revenue growth for the firm.

But more specifically, at the places that really overlap the most with JLT is that Marsh at 5%, Guy
Carpenter at 7%, and Mercer was 5%, but it was 8% underlying in health. And so the quality of what
we've been able to deliver. I mean, our adjusted operating income at almost $1.2 billion, is a first quarter
record for us. And so we're thrilled. We were set up for a wonderful year in 2020. And okay. So now like
the rest of the world, we're dealing with the crisis. But it doesn't take away from the fact that we are a
stronger, more capable, more creative, more connected firm than we've ever been before.

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Got it. Makes sense. And then a quick one for Mark. I think you had mentioned both the debt maturity in
early 2021 as well as some term debt. So just the thoughts on retiring those debt securities?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Mark, please?

Mark Christopher McGivney
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, sure. The short answer is we would expect to pay those off through operating cash flows.
Notwithstanding the crisis and -- okay, that the -- that's changed our outlook, the second and third and
fourth quarters for us is generally where we generate pretty substantial cash flow. So we still anticipate
that, at this point, based on what we see, we're going to have good cash generation through operations
for the balance of the year.

Operator

The next question comes from Phil Stefano from Deutsche Bank.

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes. Dan, you talked about the expense levels that you have at your disposal, to dial them back and trying
to do so in a prudent fashion, just given the outlook for where you think your -- things are going. I -- it is
not too far, but make sure they're far enough to have a positive impact.

I guess, when we think about these expense levers, where is the expense leverage you can pull more
quickly than others? And have you thought about the extent to which maybe some expense levers don't

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

come back because if they're so easy to dial down this quickly, do we really need them as we think about
business moving forward?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, it's a great question, because I think there are certain things that are occurring, which
may actually last longer and maybe be permanent as we go forward. I mean, things like flexible work
arrangement may put downward pressure on our real estate costs over time, not in the short term, but
over time, as an organization.

We have proven to ourselves and to our client base that we can work from home. We can work remotely
and do it effectively. And so there's an awful -- I mean, I absolutely believe that more agile environment,
more digital, are going to be a part of our future, and that would be a real positive.

Now in terms of expense levers, there's several that you can pull. I mean, I'd start from the idea that we
have a very significant bonus pool. As I mentioned before, the last 2019, our bonus pool was the largest
level in the aggregate in our history as a company. And it's all geared to net operating income. So we are
-- our team, deep within the organization, is very aligned with shareholders and very aligned with the net
operating income of the firm.

And so it will be geared if the NOI is dropping or the bonus pool is not lifted. And that's a wonderful
lever because it's variable. It's variable for a reason. And we've -- the other thing I would say is, we're
a people business and you -- while you may have less attrition in a recessionary environment, you still
have attrition. And we saw it in other recessions. And we do not have a hiring freeze. In fact, we're
hiring people every day. Well, we'll control our hiring and we'll make sure that our executive team is very
involved in making the decisions that we want to make, but we'll manage our attrition that way and have
some more control over that.

Clearly, some significant pullbacks in the use of temps or contractors, and things like T&E have fallen
away, a lot of marketing is spent, but things like conferences, meetings, events, over time, are all things
that we have as levers, which have largely already been pulled to some extent, and you can already go
deeper there. But we're comfortable in what -- in how we're set up.

I mean, at the end, we said that we think that our overall revenue might be down modestly as a company
for the year. And if so, then our overall EPS would be down modestly as well, but it might be slightly better
than what our revenue would show.

Any other follow-up?

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

And that's the reason to my follow-up and it's a quick one, but when you talk about the EPS being down
modestly, if not slightly, but the correct base for that is the $4.66 of 2019 adjusted EPS. Is that correct?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

That's correct.

Operator

I'd now like to turn the call back over to Dan Glaser, President and CFO (sic) [ CEO ] of Marsh & McLennan
Companies for any closing remarks.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Yes, hi. Thank you, operator. And I like to thank everyone for joining us on this -- us on the call this
morning. In closing, I want to applaud the tireless dedication of our 76,000 colleagues worldwide, and the
important role they have played supporting their colleagues, clients and local communities.

Times like these test the true character of an organization and the strength of individuals. And what I have
seen from MMC these past few months has been nothing short of amazing. So thank you all, and have a
good day.

Operator
That will conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

