Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. 

NYSE:MMC
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 29, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.72

0.82

Revenue  (mm)

3841.88

3968.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-29-2020 12:20 PM GMT

13.89

3.28

1.12

4.80

5.11

4206.00

16735.00

17664.58

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.18

1.56

1.13

0.72

1.19

1.64

1.32

0.82

0.85 %

5.13 %

16.81 %

13.89 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

John Quinlan Doyle
Vice Chair

Mark Christopher McGivney
Chief Financial Officer

Martine Ferland
Vice Chair

Peter C. Hearn
Chief Executive Officer

Thomas Scott McDonald
Chief Executive Officer, President
and Member of Executive
Committee

ANALYSTS

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Meyer Shields
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Michael David Zaremski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Yaron Joseph Kinar
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Marsh & McLennan Companies conference call. Today's call is being recorded.

Third quarter 2020 financial results and supplemental information were issued earlier this morning. They
are available on the company's website at mmc.com.

Please note that remarks made today may include forward-looking statements, including certain
expectations related to COVID-19 and other matters. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks
and uncertainties and a variety of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those
contemplated by such statements.

For a more detailed discussion of those factors, please refer to our earnings release for this quarter and to
our most recent SEC filings, including our most recent Form 10-K, all of which are available on the MMC
website.

During the call today, we may also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of
these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures, please refer to the schedule in today's
earnings release.

I'll now turn this over to Dan Glaser, President and CEO of Marsh & McLennan companies.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Shannon. Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our third quarter results
reported earlier today. I'm Dan Glaser, President and CEO of Marsh & McLennan.

Joining me on the call today is Mark McGivney, our CFO; and the CEOs of our businesses, John Doyle of
Marsh; Peter Hearn of Guy Carpenter; Martine Ferland of Mercer, and Scott McDonald of Oliver Wyman.
Also with us this morning is Sarah Dewitt, Head of Investor Relations.

We are pleased with our third quarter and year-to-date results, which demonstrate the continued strong
execution and resilience of Marsh & McLennan in these challenging times. The economic impact of the
pandemic continues to unfold. Government swiftly provided necessary stimulus earlier this year, and
society is adapting as health care professionals continue to drive better health outcomes.

Nevertheless, the consequences are likely to be with us for some time. This is not a sprint or even a 10K,
it is a Marathon. Oliver Wyman's Pandemic Navigator model and experts currently predict that, even in the
more optimistic scenarios where a vaccine or therapeutics are developed and available, we are still unlikely
to return to more normal conditions before the end of 2021.

At Marsh & McLennan, we are prepared for the long haul. The company has been resilient amidst the
challenges of 2020. We are experiencing one of the worst recessions in history, and our performance to
date is nothing short of outstanding in the circumstances. Times like these validate our purpose to make a
difference in moments that matter.

We've done just that by helping clients with issues of the day, including health care solutions, risk
management, cyber, climate, enhanced resilience, digital transformation, diversity strategies, among
others. Our focus on risk, strategy and people is more critical than ever, and our colleagues have
demonstrated incredible dedication and agility. Supporting our colleagues is always a major priority and is
even more critical during the pandemic.

Just last week, we received the results of our most recent colleague engagement survey. Our support has
been validated by the results, which showed record engagement scores.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Looking at our execution during this period, it's been impressive. At Marsh, our year-to-date underlying
growth is 3%. Guy Carpenter is having a strong year with 6% underlying growth for the first 9 months.
Consulting has experienced more of an adverse impact, yet we are pleased the effects are not as severe
as we saw during the financial crisis.

The expense discipline across the firm has allowed us to achieve strong margin expansion and 9%
adjusted EPS growth year-to-date. Our solid earnings growth, coupled with a firm-wide focus on working
capital, is driving significant free cash flow, enabling us to increase our dividend, complete acquisitions and
remain largely on track with our deleveraging plans.

We achieved all this while, at the same time, continuing to position the company for the long term. We
are pursuing strategic hires and seeing opportunity to benefit from industry consolidation. We continue
to build out MMA through acquisitions, with 2020 seeing the most revenue acquired and capital deployed
since we launched the business in 2009, and the pipeline is solid.

In addition, [Audio Gap] opportunities to benefit from new areas of growth increase our penetration of
existing markets as well as achieve higher levels of efficiency.

With the heavy lifting from the JLT integration well behind us, we are connected, unified and focused on
growth in all dimensions. We are executing well, and I see opportunity to emerge from this period even
stronger. The crisis proved our workforce is agile, and there is opportunity over the long-term to operate
with greater flexibility, increase the use of technology, reduce travel and shrink our real estate footprint.

This will not only drive savings for shareholders but increase colleague satisfaction and enhance our ability
to bring the best of Marsh & McLennan to every client situation.

In some ways, the crisis acted as a natural accelerant for collaboration and cross-business activity. We are
increasingly bringing together our businesses to help clients. For example, COVID-19 increased the cyber
risk profile of nearly every firm, and our businesses are working hand-in-hand to deliver holistic cyber
advisory and insurance solutions to aid in mitigation, response and remediation.

We are also bringing the businesses together to help clients address climate risk. Marsh Risk Consulting,
Oliver Wyman and Guy Carpenter came together recently to help a major international bank analyze and
create a mitigation strategy on climate risk.

Mercer, Oliver Wyman and Marsh Risk Consulting continue to come together to assist clients with return-
to-office initiatives in the face of the global pandemic. By leveraging their combined data, we are providing
clients with operational support, predictive models for reopening, financial planning, communication
strategies and overall benefit reviews.

Underpinning these initiatives is the proprietary data and analytics from Oliver Wyman's Pandemic
Navigator model, which was recently recognized as one of the most accurate predictive models of
COVID-19 cases and fatalities and is utilized by the CDC.

These are just some of the examples of the collaboration and innovation that support our continued
growth potential.

Let me spend a moment on current P&C insurance market conditions. The third quarter marks the 12th
consecutive quarter of rate increases in the commercial P&C insurance marketplace. The Marsh Global
Insurance Market Index increased 20% year-over-year versus 19% in the second quarter and 14% in the
first quarter.

Global property insurance was up 21% and global financial and professional lines were up 40% while
global casualty rates are up 6% on average and workers' compensation pricing remained negative in the
period.

Keep in mind that our index skews to large account business. However, U.S. small and middle market
insurance pricing continues to accelerate as well, although the magnitude of price increases is less than
the large complex accounts. Pricing continues to react to multiple external headwinds, impacting insurer
profitability. And this is only exacerbated by COVID-19 losses, which continue to evolve.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

COVID-19 will be a long and complicated loss, and the interpretation of various policyholder wordings will
be determined in the courts over time.

In reinsurance, price increases evidenced at the 4/1 Japan renewals and 6/1 Florida renewals continued
into the 10/1 renewals. These were larger increases than at January 1, but primarily driven by loss-
impacted business.

Guy Carpenter's U.S. Rate-On-Line Index was up 12% year-over-year in July, reflecting reduced
alternative capital inflows, constrained retrocessional capacity and traditional reinsurers exercising caution
regarding the amount of capital they are willing to expose in the face of wind, wildfire and developing
COVID-19 losses.

We are currently near the tail end of one of the most active hurricane seasons in U.S. history with a record
level of named storms making landfall while numerous aggregate losses were thankfully not as severe as
they could have been.

The P&C insurance and reinsurance markets overall are showing a heightened degree of certain and risk
selection with continued push for higher pricing. As the advocate to the client, we remain steadfast in
our goal to deliver the highest quality coverage at the best possible terms. And these challenging market
conditions highlight the value of the advice and services that Marsh & McLennan delivers.

Now let me turn to our third quarter financial performance. We delivered adjusted EPS growth of 6%
despite the global impact of COVID-19. Our EPS growth in the quarter reflects great execution on the part
of our colleagues and continued expense discipline. Total revenue was unchanged versus a year ago at
$4 billion and down 1% on an underlying basis. Underlying revenue grew 2% in RIS and declined 4% in
Consulting.

In Risk & Insurance Services, third quarter revenue was $2.3 billion, an increase of 4%. Underlying
revenue growth was up 2% in the quarter, reflecting solid growth of 3% in Marsh and flat at Guy
Carpenter, which overcame a previously disclosed $17 million onetime benefit in the year ago period. RIS
adjusted operating income increased 24% to $388 million, and the adjusted operating margin expanded
280 basis points versus a year ago.

In Consulting, third quarter revenue was $1.7 billion. Underlying revenue declined by 4% for the quarter.
Oliver Wyman and Mercer's Career business continue to feel the greatest impact from recessionary
conditions. Consulting adjusted operating income declined by 5%, and the adjusted margin expanded 20
basis points versus a year ago.

Overall adjusted operating income increased 9% versus a year ago to $638 million. Our adjusted
operating margin increased 150 basis points to 18.4%. Adjusted earnings per share increased 6% versus
a year ago to $0.82 per share.

Even though the impact from COVID-19 may be far from over, our strong third quarter and year-to-date
performance is evidence that we are executing well in this challenging environment. Given our excellent
third quarter performance, our full year outlook has improved. For the full year 2020, we now expect
underlying revenue to be roughly flat, with growth in RIS, offset by a decline in Consulting. In addition, we
expect to generate mid single-digit growth in adjusted EPS for the full year.

With that, let me turn it over to Mark for a more detailed review of our results.

Mark Christopher McGivney
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Dan, and good morning. We're pleased with our third quarter and year-to-date results, which
demonstrate the resilience of our business as well as how well we are executing through the crisis.

Despite a modest decline in underlying revenue in the quarter, we generated solid earnings growth, strong
free cash flows and margin expansion in both segments. Overall revenue was flat in the third quarter and
declined 1% on an underlying basis. Operating income in the quarter was $540 million, an increase of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

15% over last year. Adjusted operating income increased 9% to $638 million, and our adjusted margin
increased 150 basis points to 18.4%.

GAAP EPS increased to $0.62 in the quarter and adjusted EPS increased 6% to $0.82. For the first 9
months of 2020, total revenue growth was 3% with underlying growth of 1%.

Our adjusted operating income grew 12%. Our adjusted operating margin increased 180 basis points to
23.8% and our adjusted EPS increased 9% to $3.77.

In Risk & Insurance Services, third quarter revenue grew 4% to $2.3 billion with underlying growth of
2%. A decline in fiduciary interest income, driven by lower interest rates, served as a 100 basis point
drag on underlying growth in the third quarter and a 60 basis point drag for the 9 months. Operating
income increased 52% to $333 million. Adjusted operating income increased 24% to $388 million and the
adjusted margin increased 280 basis points to 20.2%.

For the first 9 months of the year, RIS revenue was $7.8 billion, representing growth of 8% and underlying
growth of 3%. Adjusted operating income for the first 9 months of the year was up 20% to $2.1 billion.

At Marsh, revenue in the quarter was $2 billion with underlying growth of 3%, representing another solid
quarter of growth considering the macroeconomic headwinds. U.S. and Canada grew 5% on an underlying
basis in the quarter, led by strong growth in MMA. This marks the 13th consecutive quarter the U.S. and
Canada has delivered 3% or higher underlying growth. In International, underlying growth was 2%, with
Asia Pacific up 4%, Latin America up 2% and EMEA flat.

For the first 9 months, revenue at Marsh was $6.2 billion with underlying growth of 3%. U.S. and Canada
was up 4%, while international was up 2%.

Guy Carpenter continues to have a great year. Guy Carpenter's revenue was $274 million in the quarter,
which was flat on both the reported and underlying basis. As we disclosed previously, Guy Carpenter's
growth in the third quarter of last year benefited from the true-up of a multiyear contract. Excluding this
item, underlying growth was 6% in the quarter and reflects continued solid results across the portfolio.

For the first 9 months of the year, Guy Carpenter's revenue was $1.5 billion with 6% underlying growth.

In Consulting, third quarter revenue was $1.7 billion. Underlying revenue was down 4% in the quarter,
reflecting the impact of the current crisis. Adjusted operating income decreased 5% to $306 million while
the adjusted margin increased 20 basis points to 18.9%.

For the first 9 months of the year, Consulting's revenue was $5.1 billion, down 2% on an underlying basis,
and adjusted operating income declined 6% to $860 million.

Mercer's revenue was $1.2 billion in the quarter, down 3% on an underlying basis. Wealth underlying
revenue decreased 3% led by a decline in DB. Within Wealth, however, we continue to see growth
in the Outsourced CIO business, and at the end of the quarter, our assets under management were
approximately $321 billion. This 5% sequential increase was driven by strong new funding and market
gain.

Health underlying growth was flat in the quarter, and Career underlying revenue was down 11%, Careers
where we have more discretionary project business, which has seen the most impact from the crisis. For
the first 9 months of the year, revenue at Mercer was $3.6 billion, down 1% on an underlying basis.

Oliver Wyman's revenue was $480 million in the quarter, a decline of 6% on an underlying basis. This
marks an improvement from the pace of decline in the second quarter and reflects stronger sales and
continued solid delivery of projects. For the first 9 months of the year, revenue at Oliver Wyman was $1.5
billion, a decline of 6% on an underlying basis.

Turning to Corporate. Adjusted corporate expense was $56 million the quarter. Based on our current
outlook, we expect approximately $58 million in the fourth quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

We had $2 million of investment income on an adjusted basis in the quarter, and we continue to expect
the contribution from investment income for the balance of 2020 will be immaterial. On a GAAP basis,
investment income was a loss of $14 million in the quarter, primarily reflecting a change in the market
value of our remaining investment in Alexander Forbes.

Foreign exchange was a $0.02 headwind to adjusted EPS in the quarter. Assuming exchange rates remain
at current levels, we expect FX to be a slight benefit in the fourth quarter. Our adjusted effective tax rate
in the third quarter was 26.5% compared with 25% in the third quarter last year. Excluding discrete items,
our adjusted effective tax rate was approximately 25.5%.

Through the first 9 months of the year, our adjusted effective tax rate was 24.6% compared with 24.3%
last year, and we expect the full year rate to be between 25% and 26%, due in part to an expected impact
from discrete items in the fourth quarter.

Turning to the JLT integration. I'm happy to report that the bulk of integration activity is largely behind
us and we have achieved the vast majority of the targeted savings, which is well ahead of schedule. We
incurred $44 million of JLT integration and restructuring costs in the third quarter, bringing the total to
date to $516 million. The remaining work to be done consists primarily of ongoing technology application
migrations and the further consolidation of real estate, which will continue through 2021.

I want to take a minute and provide an update to our outlook for 2020. Our 2020 outlook assumes
recessionary conditions persist for the rest of the year. Despite this headwind, we expect RIS to generate
underlying revenue growth for the full year, offset by a decline in consulting.

At Marsh, we see underlying growth in the low single digits for Q4 and the full year, a solid result in the
face of the pandemic. At Guy Carpenter, we continue to expect mid-single digit underlying growth for the
full year. Guy Carpenter's fourth quarter could be impacted by difficult comparisons to last year, although
Q4 is a seasonally small quarter.

We continue to expect Mercer's underlying revenue will decline in the fourth quarter and be down
modestly for the full year. Finally, revenue weakness in Oliver Wyman will persist through the fourth
quarter.

As we learn to live with the virus, we are progressively moving to a more normal course for business
decisions. We expect fourth quarter adjusted earnings will be impacted by a sequential uptick in expenses
due to a general loosening of spending restrictions, strategic hiring and costs associated with employee-
related activity that would have taken place over the course of the year but was delayed due to the
pandemic.

Despite this, we are raising our adjusted EPS outlook for the year to mid single-digit growth. In addition,
based on this outlook, we expect our overall margin will increase, which would mark our 13th consecutive
year of reported margin expansion.

We ended the quarter with $2.4 billion of cash, saw a sequential reduction in outstanding debt and
have the entirety of our combined $2.8 billion of credit facilities available. We remain committed to
deleveraging, and we continue to expect to reduce overall debt this year.

Total debt at the end of the third quarter was $12.7 billion, down from $13.2 billion at the end of the
second quarter, reflecting the repayment of a $500 million 1-year term loan ahead of its scheduled
maturity.

Our next scheduled debt maturity is in December when $700 million of senior notes mature. Interest
expense in the third quarter was $128 million. Based on our current forecast, we expect approximately
$127 million of interest expense in the fourth quarter.

While uncertainty remains high in the current environment, we feel the actions we have taken to secure
additional flexibility, along with our strong performance to date, positions us well to continue to navigate
the crisis from a liquidity perspective.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

In line with our prior commentary, we did not repurchase any shares in the third quarter and do not plan
to repurchase shares for the remainder of 2020.

Uses of cash in the third quarter totaled $295 million and included $59 million for acquisitions and $236
million for dividends. For the first 9 months, uses of cash totaled $1.5 billion and included $753 million for
acquisitions and $702 million for dividends.

Overall, we are pleased with our third quarter and year-to-date results. We are on track to deliver a solid
year despite the ongoing global pandemic. Our results reflect the strength and resilience of our company
and our colleagues, and we remain focused on striking the right balance between delivering solid results
today while continuing to invest for growth in the future.

And with that, I'm happy to turn it back to Dan.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director
Thank you, Mark. And operator, we're ready to go to the Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mike Zaremski with Crédit Suisse.

Michael David Zaremski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I guess I'd love to hear more about parts of the Consulting segment. That seems to be the area with
a higher level of organic growth uncertainty, where we're getting most of our questions incoming from
investors.

You clearly improved margins there in the segment despite negative organic growth. Maybe you can talk
about some things that drove that, the sustainability. Is there more or less uncertainty in that segment
going forward given the pandemic seems to be causing some shutdowns again in Europe? So, I know,
broad question.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Yes, sure, Mike. I'll start by saying we are lucky to have a variety of businesses within Marsh & McLennan.
Within Consulting, as an example, we have businesses which have high degrees of recurring revenues,
such as our health business and our investment business, parts of our retirement actuarial business, as an
example.

We have other parts of our Consulting business, like Mercer's Career business and Oliver Wyman, which
are more project-based. And project-based work has an awful lot to do with general economic conditions
and business confidence.

So it is a natural outcome for us to feel pressure in those businesses in times of recession or in times
where there's a high level of uncertainty.

But we can navigate it as a total company, and we understand the businesses. They're terrific businesses,
market-leading fantastic businesses and they make the overall company smarter as well.

So from our perspective, it's the grouping together that matters the most. And certainly, businesses that
have less recurring revenue and more project work are under more pressure in times like these, and that
will continue. So that is -- we felt that during the financial crisis, and we'll feel it now.

Now the bounce back can be very swift because as soon as the turn happens and companies get back in
the business as usual, return-to-growth type of mode, then that work picks up.

Now I'm happy to say that both of those businesses are holding up better than during the financial crisis
because in the beginning of this crisis we weren't sure whether that would be the case or not. And it has
turned out that those businesses have proved to be more resilient than they were during the financial
crisis.

Anything else, Mike?

Michael David Zaremski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Yes. I'll switch gears to Property and Casualty Insurance. Rate increase momentum has accelerated.
I think a lot of your clients are seeing double-digit rate increases year-on-year now. For some of the
Careers, it doesn't seem to be translating into as much top line growth as we expected, even taking into
account weak exposures, I mean are you guys seeing more your clients self-insure? And just kind of -- are
you guys having to do more work there? Is that is that impacting your -- Marsh & McLennan at all?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

It feels like there's -- the market is just so tough and challenging in certain places that corporates are --
you're having to help corporates to offset some of the pain per se.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No, it's a great question, and I'll hand off to John in a second to address it because it's really a Marsh
question more than a Guy Carpenter one.

The market is tough. And we're on the side of the tough client, and we're advocating to the client, doing
the best we can in the circumstances. In some ways, some level of the increases in certain parts of the
business are probably justified based upon loss levels and a soft market environment that has persisted
for years, although we don't like the speed of the increases.

Ultimately, I don't think that benefits the market or benefits our clients when it snaps back in such a
-- in times, harsh way, particularly in this kind of environment, where clients in certain industries are
really feeling a lot of pressure on revenue and survival and then being hit with large levels of insurance
increases. It's a real tough environment, and we're doing our best for our clients in the circumstances.

John, you want to add to that?

John Quinlan Doyle
Vice Chair

Sure, Dan. Mike, I think, obviously, every transaction has got a mix of different factors that drive the
outcome for our clients. It's a very, very challenging market for them, especially given the economic
environment.

So we have -- putting aside the price and exposure aspect of what drives the ultimate premium that gets
charged to the client, some clients are being forced to retain more risk. Now it's fewer, but whether it's
through higher retentions or in very, very few circumstances where we can't get the limit that we would
like or that our client would like. But with some level of frequency, clients are electing to retain more risk.

So it could be a higher retention. It could be buying less limit. In certain cases, for example, in the D&O
market, where there is a meaningful amount of stress in the U.S., U.K. and Australia, in particular, some
clients are electing to buy A Side only coverage or where they do buy some B and C cover, they take down
the limits where they do buy B and C.

And so we obviously work with our clients very, very closely and are working hard to present their risks as
best we can to drive the best possible outcome.

And the other dynamic I would mention as well is we are seeing an increase in the number of captive
formations as well. So a lot of different strategies, obviously, helping our clients navigate the market as
best we can.

Operator

Our next next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

My first question, I guess, starting on the revenue outlook within RIS and maybe zoning in on Marsh.
Strong results there, I guess, given the backdrop that you alluded to, Dan, in your opening remarks.

How do we think about -- like do you think that Q2 and the Q3 for that business, specifically, I'm talking to
Marsh, represented the kind of the trough of the slowdown from COVID? I know there's a lot of, obviously,
uncertainty out there.

But when we think about the fourth quarter and into 2021, I know you said that these conditions can
persist into the end of 2021, but how should we think about that business specifically? It seems like it's

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

been pretty resilient. And could the Q2 and Q3 be the trough, and we -- could we start thinking about
things getting better just based off of what you know today?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Okay. So it's a terrific question, and I'll start with it, and then I'll hand off to John and also Peter, so
they can address it in more depth.

I'll start by saying we're thrilled with RIS' performance. And yes, they have proved to be tremendously
resilient, market-leading flight to quality type of attributes. And I want to make 1 point because fiduciary
income is often ignored in the mix here. And you just look at it, RIS' underlying growth 3% in the third
quarter rather than 2% and 4% year-to-date, if I exclude fiduciary income.

The reality is fiduciary income has dropped in half. Year-to-date, it was $80 million within RIS, and now it's
$40 million.

So when you look at our performance, not just top line but more specifically on the bottom line
in overcoming the loss of that fiduciary income and growing through it is really an overall terrific
performance.

Now getting to your real question is like, is the worst over? I have to say, it's really impossible to say.
We don't want to say it, but it's impossible to say that it's only going to get better from here. So much
depends on COVID and the government response and the economic implications of any government
response. And so it's really too early to say that we're out of the woods.

As we mentioned in our remarks, our experts within the Oliver Wyman who advise many governments, et
cetera, are really thinking that at the earliest there's more of a return to what feels like normal kind of this
time next year. And so this is a long haul, and we have to be prepared for the long haul.

I think that one of the things that we can say not only as Marsh & McLennan but also as a society, we are
resilient, we are learning, we are adapting and it should get better from here. 2021 should, in a macro
basis, get better from here.

And as you know, many of the prognoses on 2021 is that recession

[Audio Gap]

sometime second, third quarter of 2021. And so it should be better, but it's very difficult to call the trough.

What I would say is we will grind through and power through any scenario. We will grow our revenue in
almost all circumstances faster than we grow our expenses as we've done for 12 or 13 years in a row, and
that will continue.

But John, why don't we start with you and then hand over to Peter.

John Quinlan Doyle
Vice Chair

Yes. Thanks, Dan. Look, I was pleased with our results. Our team is highly focused, and I'm very, very
proud of them in what are very difficult circumstances for folks on a personal level but also in a very, very
difficult insurance market. Our U.S. business continues to grow well. Dan mentioned and Mark mentioned
the growth at MMA was very strong.

Canada is performing very well. Our MGA operations at Victor, we're the largest MGA in the world,
performing quite nicely. Internationally, I'm seeing good growth in Asia, in the Middle East and Africa as
well. And a number of the different specialties. Some are under pressure, of course, Aviation and Energy,
as you might expect, but FINPRO is growing very well. Construction actually had a good quarter for us. We
grew nicely in credit lines as well.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

I mentioned earlier with Mike, some clients are deciding to buy less insurance. One exception to that is in
cyber. So our cyber business is growing very, very well at the moment. And we're seeing, particularly in
the U.S. and in the U.K., more clients elect to buy more limit there. So, as Dan pointed out, it's difficult to
project where things go, but I'm confident in our ability to perform relatively well.

The other point I would make is just, we're deep and as strong as we've ever been from a talent's point of
view. Last year was a big year of change for us, bringing JLT and Marsh together. We did a lot of work on
our culture and becoming a team. And we weren't doing it of course in anticipation of a pandemic, but we
really were coming together very, very nicely at a time when our clients need us the most. And so anyway,
the teamwork there has been outstanding. Peter?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

So, Peter -- I mean it's hard to talk about potential troughs in view with 6% year-to-date. That's just --
it's at the trough I'll take it, but any comments, Peter?

Peter C. Hearn
Chief Executive Officer

Yes. As I said before, we built Guy Carpenter to produce consistent results regardless of the market
conditions, and I think we've demonstrated that over the past 3 years. And while the Q3 and Q4 tend to
be seasonally small and by nature inherently volatile, I couldn't be more pleased with our flat result given
the fact that we had this one time multiyear true-ups from 2019 plus some negative timing. And on a
normalized basis, we would have grown 6%.

So when I look at the year, when I look at the environment that we're operating in, where there's still a
high degree of fear and uncertainty based on both prior years and the unknown relative to COVID-19, I
think Guy Carpenter is well positioned. And as I look at our new business growth for 2020, we're on track
for our fourth year of record new business growth.

So overall, I feel very good where Guy Carpenter is positioned in the market.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Elyse, any follow up?

Elyse Beth Greenspan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Yes. That was very thorough. My next question is on the margin side. Really good margin improvement
given the headwinds as well, 150 basis points in the third quarter overall, 180 year-to-date. Obviously,
that's a function of some JLT saves, some COVID-related savings that you guys have alluded to. Just
trying to extrapolate this.

So 150 in the Q3, you guys have said margin improvement for the year. So that leaves a bit of a range
for how the fourth quarter could turn out. Just trying to think about this JLT saves as well as some COVID
saves that could persist. Like how should we think about kind of the expense profile given that there were
probably some onetime items in the third quarter?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No, it's another good question, and it's a fair question because we're basically saying we're at 9% of
adjusted EPS growth year-to-date and will be mid-single digits for the year in our outlook. So it sort of
says, well, what's happening in the fourth quarter? So it's a fair question.

And I would just say there was some loosening of expense controls in Q3, and we're -- and that will
increase in Q4. We are getting back progressively to a more normal pattern of our business, and that will
mean that there'll be more hiring. Hiring is down this year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Our own level of turnover as a company is down relative to the years past. There'll be some employee-
related actions as we position ourselves for 2021. And there's some pent-up demand and some catch-up
that will happen in the fourth quarter.

But if you take a step back from this, I just want to say that every company has sort of a natural cadence
to both revenue and expense. And as we have demonstrated over many years, we understand that. And
so therefore, in every single year, our revenue growth, up or down, has exceeded our expense results.

And when I look at our typical level of underlying expense growth, if you look at the last 5 years, 4 of
those 5 years, then there was 2% expense growth on an annual basis underlying, okay, including 2% in
2019 and 2% in the first quarter of 2020.

So 2% could be looked at as a natural sort of cadence of expense growth, and that's why we were having
really good results over the last couple of years because we were growing top line at 4% and we were
having expense growth at 2% underlying as an overall company.

The second quarter of this year, we went from 2% growth on expenses in the first quarter to minus 5%
underlying expense growth in the second quarter. So clearly, we've pulled back on discretionary expense,
and we set a high bar for what was actually necessary and required.

In the third quarter, that became a minus 4%. So that pull to continue. I'm not going to say whether it's
a minus 3%, minus 2%, minus 1%, it's probably still going to be a minus, right? So we are not going to
grow expenses in the fourth quarter year-over-year, but our expense growth will sequentially go up versus
the third quarter, which also went up versus where we were in the second quarter. So that's about the
right way to look at it from my perspective.

Operator

Our next question comes from Philip Stefano with Deutsche Bank.

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

So Dan, you talked about in your -- I think it was your prepared remarks, the potential for an uptick in
expense actions that were delayed throughout the year. And just thinking about all the uncertainties that
we have in the world, and I think they're totally understandable and warranted, but what gives you the
confidence or the thought to start bringing back expenses?

And how do we think about the unfolding of catch-up over the next year or 2 as we get to whatever
normal is in that time frame?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Well, we all exist in the world, right? So at the end, our performance in part will reflect what's happening
with regard to the virus and what's happening with regard to the general economic environment.

I'm not saying that things with the virus are getting materially better. I do think that health outcomes
are materially better than they were in the early stages of the virus because doctors and health
care professionals have adapted, they've learned. And so oftentimes, the results have been better.
Hospitalizations are quite -- not quite as severe and fatalities globally are generally well down, not to
make light of any illness. I mean an illness is an illness.

But I think more importantly, the world is learning to live with the virus a bit. And so investment decisions
are being made, thoughts about next year and the year after are being made. And the idea that the sun
will rise in the future, that is a thought process within within companies.

And so our feeling is 2021, on a macro basis, should be better. It may not be materially better, but should
be better than 2020. And the other thing is we have now 2 quarters to look at where we were in the thick
of this crisis and look how our businesses perform.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Our expectations were exceeded on both top and bottom line. Our Consulting business held up in its
nonrecurring part, it's better than our expectation. Our RIS business, both in Marsh and Guy Carpenter,
have done phenomenally well in the circumstances. And our year-to-date results is very strong.

So that is -- our own learning from that and adaptability has given us the confidence to step out a little bit
and say, okay, let's -- we won't return fully to normal operations, and we're still largely remote working,
but it's progressively moving towards something that can feel a little bit more like normal.

Like as an example, we do performance appraisals every year, near the end of the year. We're going to
do that this year. We'll do the same thing. And yes, maybe it will be a little bit more awkward because
it's over Zoom and everything else like that in terms of having discussions, but it's important for people
to know they're either on track or off track, doing a great job or not. And so we're going to continue with
that.

So more -- in more areas than HR but really across the piece, digital transformation work, working on
further integration activities. We plan on just pressing ahead and going forward with some of the things
that we delayed in the second and early parts of the third quarter.

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Got it. And thinking about the outperformance, at least based on our expectations for RIS and organic,
I was hoping you could just help us think about the economic benefit versus maybe what we feared a
couple of months ago versus potential implications from 2 of your larger competitors going through a
merger and any benefits that, that may have.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

No. I mean, in terms of -- as I indicated in my initial remarks, our performance this year has been nothing
short of outstanding. And that's -- and I'm saying that as a total company, RIS, maybe, in particular, but
total company.

I mean the protection of shareholders in the Consulting segment in a year where there's challenge on the
top line is remarkable and appreciated, and we're continuing to execute Wealth through Mercer and Oliver
Wyman. So I think as an overall company, like I said, it's nothing short of outstanding.

In terms of our competitors, we're running our own rates, and we are focused on serving clients like never
before. They need us now more than ever before and supporting our colleagues and standing up for each
other. We wouldn't trade our strategic positioning with anyone, and we believe that we will benefit from
consolidation as clients and industry professionals consider their options in the future.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So I have a couple of questions along the same lines of the discussion earlier. But any comments on the
project pipeline at Mercer and Oliver Wyman? I think you mentioned you expect negative organic growth
in 4Q. But based on what you're seeing, have these businesses bottomed already? Or it's hard to say,
given the uncertainty in the environment?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Yes. It's impossible to say in the uncertainty. I think you have to bear in mind that Mercer and Oliver
Wyman are quite different in terms of their client segment. A part of Mercer -- and Martine can add more
detail to it, a part of Mercer in the Career business is project-related work. So in that way, similar to Oliver
Wyman, which is almost all project-related work.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

But a good chunk of Mercer has recurring revenue in a similar way to RIS. And so it's not quite as exposed
to project work and the vagaries of the economic environment as Oliver Wyman is.

So let me hand off to first, Martine, and then Scott, to talk a little bit about outlook and project pipeline.

But I'll start by saying we're in a highly uncertain environment. And so therefore, it's impossible to say
anything definitively at this stage in terms of trough or where we go from here. But Martine?

Martine Ferland
Vice Chair

Yes. Thank you, Dan. Absolutely. So as you said, Career as -- for us, is the unit that has the most
discretionary project. So we've seen a reduced demand there in some of the regular rewards and
consulting work. But at the same time, we were able to help clients with their workforce model, their
return to work, their reinvention, the transformation.

It's very exposed to the economic conditions, though. So we're pleased to see that we had a better Q3
than Q2, but we cannot say whether the outcome -- what it will be because, of course, it's very related to
the conditions out there. And as we're seeing lockdowns continuing.

If i pivot to health, for example, we've had aspects of our health business, it has been super resilient.
There's been lots of demand for digital health, such as our Darwin platform solution, our voluntary benefit,
support from a health, wellness and mental health issues and the likes.

But there's a part of our health business that's also related to the headcount at our clients. And therefore,
depending on the level of layoffs that we see, we see some headwinds in that way. Although so far for
2020, it's not been too severe.

And finally, on the Wealth business, there's a large part of the Wealth business that is regulatory work that
is recurring, so it can be resilient. We've had a little bit less of project work as the markets come down
in Q3 versus the first half of the year. But the very bright spot is our OCIO business, so our implemented
asset business.

We've seen improved capital market performance in Q3, but also very strong net inflows, and we have
seen a very similar pattern during the global financial crisis, where when you see volatility, uncertainty
on the market, the client wants strong governance, agility and the transaction of assets and a flight to
quality.

So we're seeing very strong inflows and very strong pipeline building in that business. So that's for Mercer.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Thank you. Thank you. In the financial crisis, Oliver Wyman has declined 6 quarters in a row, including 2
quarters at 19%. And so at the end, this has been far more manageable than during the financial crisis.

But Scott, do you want to talk about your pipeline?

Thomas Scott McDonald
Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee

Sure. I'll try and give you some color. Jimmy, as you know, in the second quarter, we had pretty severe
contraction in revenues, not as bad as a financial crisis, but like most times of stress, it was really
driven by our clients focusing on just immediate emergency issues as they dealt with the severity of the
pandemic.

But throughout, I'd say, the back end of Q2 and Q3, we've shifted our portfolio to services to help
clients manage the crisis, think about the future strategic and operational challenges they face. And it's
been a really fruitful shift for us, and recent sales have been very strong. We think we're improving our
competitive position, and we feel pretty good out there with our clients.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

But we do need the global economy to get back on track. We need business confidence to remain solid.
And if that happens, there's no reason we can't get back to our historical growth rate sometime next year.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And just on your reluctance on share buybacks this year, and not that you buy back a lot, but you
have bought back some stock each of the last several years. So what's the reason -- and your results have
actually been better than expected this year. So what's the rationale or reasoning behind not buying back?
Is it the macro stocks valuation, like deals? Any insight into that?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Let me hand it over to Mark McGivney. So Mark?

Mark Christopher McGivney
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Jimmy, actually, the whole cash generation capital management story this year has been a great one
for us. Remember, back to some of the guidance we gave earlier in the year about capital deployment,
we're largely on track despite the pandemic with those plans.

And if you remember, coming into the year, the priorities were dividend, acquisitions and the big chunk of
deleveraging. And as I said, we're largely on track with all of these -- those.

So we raised our dividend. We've got a very active year for M&A despite the pandemic, as Dan said earlier.
I think it's actually remarkable. This is MMA's biggest year in terms of deal value and revenue acquired.
So we've been active on the M&A front, and we're still committed to deleveraging. This was going to be
a big year of debt paydown, and that's really what you're going to see in the fourth quarter. And we may
actually see a little bit more M&A activity in the fourth quarter.

So coming into the year, we didn't think share repurchase was going to be that much in the cards and our
-- we're coming in very consistent with the original plans coming into the year.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

So that would bring us back into the future to our more balanced approach for capital management,
whereas we've said to you before, the dividends are a priority, dividend growth is a priority. We've put
acquisitions ahead of share repurchase, and we put share repurchase ahead of building cash on the
balance sheet. So 2021 may be a more normal pattern for us where you see more of a balanced approach.

Operator

Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW.

Meyer Shields
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

I don't know if I'm overthinking this. But if you're expecting full year organic growth to be flat overall,
does that imply that the fourth quarter would have to be worse than the third quarter?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

I mean, I think when we were giving you our outlook on the top line, we were basically saying Oliver
Wyman will remain under pressure. Mercer will have modest declines for the year and probably the
quarter. So Mercer is continuing in the category around low single-digit negative growth. And then RIS,
Marsh and Guy Carpenter will grow in the fourth quarter in total, although Carpenter would feel more
pressure, but RIS as a segment would grow.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

So I wouldn't jump to the conclusion that the top line is all that different than what we've been operating.
What we did point to is that our significant levels of expense reduction that we've seen in the second
quarter and then, sequentially, a little bit less expense reduction in the third quarter will be less expense
reduction in the fourth quarter. And so our expenses will rise at a faster pace than what it has in the rest
of the year. But we still expect our expense growth in the fourth quarter to be a negative number.

Meyer Shields
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Okay. No, that's helpful. Understood. One of the things, Dan, that you mentioned early in the call was
strategic hires as an example of recovering expenses. I was hoping you could talk about that a little bit in
terms of the context of what -- in terms -- sorry, in terms of whether that will be something big enough
for us to notice from our perspective on the outside.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

It's not going to be big enough to notice in our expense base. I mean, you look at it, and we've got nearly
80,000 people around the world. And if you take a normal year, you're probably looking at about 10%
colleague turnover, which means we've got 8,000 people that are going to be coming into the organization
in any given year.

So even if we have significant levels of strategic hiring, strategic recruitment, we would absorb it in our
regular expense base. So you're not going to see a pop in expenses as a result of that. I mean in odd
quarter, you might, but over the course of a year, it wouldn't turn up.

Operator

Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs.

Yaron Joseph Kinar
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I guess my first question is just trying to connect some of the dots. Expenses are down nicely this year.
It sounds like you still expect some revenue pressure in '21, just as we're still dealing with the COVID
environment. I would think that would potentially create some expense pressure year-over-year into '21.
And clearly, you've managed expenses very, very well over the year. So I guess, how do you deal with that
particular year-over-year pressure going into next year?

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean all -- first of all, expense growth is a function of revenue growth. We expect our margins to
be up in 2021 for the 14th consecutive year. We expect 2021 to be a decent year relative to 2020 because
it's -- the general economic environment should be better, and there should be better health outcomes as
well.

And so we -- as I mentioned, we're learning to live with the virus more. And from that perspective, time is
our friend a little bit.

So I'm optimistic. I think we're all optimistic about 2021 in performance. So we'll control our expense
base. Revenue within the overall company, we look at RIS as having large amounts of nonrecurring
revenue, great strategic positioning. At some point, Consulting will come back strong. Whether it's 2021
or not, it's too early to tell. It's certainly not going to be early in 2021, and we see a massive bounce back
because of the overall environment.

But we're optimistic. I mean, look at this year, we've done better on the top line and bottom line than
expected. It gives us a great foundation. We're working now to position ourselves for a good 2021, and
we're ready to get to it.

Yaron Joseph Kinar

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then my second question is specific to Marsh. If I look sequentially kind of first quarter, second
quarter, third quarter, what are you seeing in terms of overall retention rates and overall new business
generation? Are you seeing improvement in the new business, maybe improving retention rates? Any color
you can offer on that would be helpful.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

Sure. I'll hand it off to John. John, you want to dig in there?

John Quinlan Doyle
Vice Chair

Sure. Client retention is very strong. It's been strong throughout the entire year, and it's better than prior
year. We had a very strong new business quarter in the first quarter. So we got off to a very good start
to the year. And in the second and third quarter, new business is down slightly year-over-year. But again,
given the external environment, I'm very, very pleased with the outcome.

And it's not down across the board. So for example, MMA grew its new business nicely in the third quarter.
So I'm encouraged by how we're navigating the economic challenges.

Yaron Joseph Kinar
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

And I guess specifically, though, on sequential changes? Because I get that year-over-year, it's going to be
-- you're going to face some pressures, but I'm just curious, as to how it's evolving sequentially?

John Quinlan Doyle
Vice Chair

I don't have those numbers in front of me, but the -- our quarters aren't even throughout the course of
the year. So I do think the year-over-year is an important metric.

Clearly, where we've seen more stress on the new business front is in a couple of areas, right? It's -- as
you, I'm sure, would expect, construction, infrastructure-related things, transaction risk, rep and warranty
type business, where the economic slowdown led to lesser output and less opportunity for us.

But again, I think there's a flight to quality in the more recurring business, we've seen a pickup of late.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

I also think the way to look at it, Yaron, is that the new business is, relative to other companies, very
strong. It's just not as strong as it was last year, given the overall environment. But still, the amount of
new business that Marsh is winning is significant.

I think that's our...

Operator

I would now like to turn the call back over to Dan Glaser, President and CEO of Marsh & McLennan
companies, for any closing remarks.

Daniel S. Glaser
President, CEO & Director

So thank you for joining us on the call this morning. In closing, I want to thank our 76,000 colleagues
for their hard work and dedication as we work through these challenging times. I also want to thank our
clients for their continued support. I look forward to speaking with you all next quarter. Thank you.

Operator
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

MARSH & MCLENNAN COMPANIES, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

