Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. NYSE:MLM
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, February 11, 2020 4:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

2.21

2.09

(5.43 %)

0.72

9.89

9.74

(1.52 %)

11.80

1102.20

1100.43

(0.16 %)

991.61

4739.14

4739.10

0.00

5053.61

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-11-2020 3:12 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.42

3.11

3.51

2.21

0.68

3.01

3.96

2.09

61.90 %

(3.22 %)

12.82 %

(5.43 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

James A. J. Nickolas
Chief Financial Officer

Suzanne Osberg
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Adam Robert Thalhimer
Thompson, Davis & Company,
Inc., Research Division

Adrian E. Huerta
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Anthony James Pettinari
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Philip H. Ng
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Robert Whitworth
Exane BNP Paribas, Research
Division

Seldon T. Clarke
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Brent Edward Thielman
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research
Division

Stanley Stoker Elliott
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Trey Grooms
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Garik Simha Shmois
Loop Capital Markets LLC,
Research Division

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Kathryn Ingram Thompson
Thompson Research Group, LLC

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Paul Chabran
On Field Investment Research LLP

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Martin Marietta's Fourth Quarter and Full Year
2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I will
now turn the call over to your host, Ms. Suzanne Osberg, Vice President of Investor Relations for Martin
Marietta. Ms. Osberg, you may begin.

Suzanne Osberg
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning. Thank you for joining Martin Marietta's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Call.
With me today are Ward Nye, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Nickolas, Senior Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer.

To facilitate today's call, we have made available during this webcast and on the Investor Relations section
of our website, 2019 supplemental information that summarizes our financial results and trends. As
detailed on Slide 2, this conference call may include forward-looking statements as defined by securities
laws in connection with future events, future operating results or financial performance. Like other
businesses, we are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially.
Except as legally required, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether resulting from new information, future developments or otherwise. We refer you to
the legal disclaimers contained in today's this earnings release and other filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, which are available on both our own and the SEC websites.

Unless otherwise noted, all financial and operating results discussed today are for the full year 2019. Any
comparisons are versus the prior year. Furthermore, non-GAAP measures are defined and reconciled to the
nearest GAAP measure in our 2019 supplemental information and SEC filings.

We will begin today's earnings call with Ward Nye, who initially will discuss our full year operating
performance. Jim Nickolas will then review our 2019 financial results. After which, Ward will discuss
market trends and 2020 expectations. A question-and-answer session will follow. I will now turn the call
over to Ward.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Thank you, Suzanne, and thank you all for joining today's teleconference. Martin Marietta marked 25
years as a public company in 2019. Throughout our history, we've positioned our business to outperform
through the disciplined execution of a proven strategy and our team's shared commitment to the world-
class attributes of our business, including safety, ethics, cost discipline and operational excellence. Today's
reported results clearly validate the importance of these strategic priorities.

As Suzanne noted, today's discussion will appropriately focus on full year results. However, as you read in
our earnings release, we reported a much improved year-over-year fourth quarter that capped off a 12-
month period of record-setting financial performance.

In 2019, we once again established new records for revenues, profits and adjusted EBITDA from improved
shipments, pricing and cost management across most of our building materials business. For the year,
consolidated total revenues increased 12% to $4.7 billion. Consolidated gross profit increased 22%
to $1.2 billion. Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, depletion and amortization, or
adjusted EBITDA, increased 15% to nearly $1.3 billion and diluted earnings per share was $9.74, a 31%
improvement. Our 2019 results marked the eighth consecutive year of growth in these financial metrics.

Martin Marietta's ability to repeatedly translate revenue growth into increased profitability has been and
continues to be a differentiator. Our strong earnings growth drove a total shareholder return of 64% in
2019, more than double the S&P 500 and strong outperformance relative to most of our sector. For those

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

who have long followed Martin Marietta, you know our passion is operating our business safely. Safety is
the core principle and the foundation of our strong financial performance. We're proud to have achieved
world-class lost time instant rate levels company-wide for the third consecutive year. Additionally, we've
meaningfully improved safety performance at our legacy Bluegrass Materials operations acquired in 2018,
our company's second largest acquisition.

From the boardroom to site operations, our teams have embraced our Guardian Angel and Wingman
branded safety culture. This continued commitment has elevated safety awareness across the company,
reducing downtime from workplace incidents and leading to higher revenues and profitability. Most
importantly, working safely protects our employees and the more than 400 communities in which we live
and work.

Now let's take a deeper dive into the full year operating performance for each of our product offerings.
Aggregate shipments increased to 12% to 191 million tons, exceeding our original 2019 guidance for
volume growth of 6% to 8%. These shipment levels benefited from solid underlying product demand
together with carryover work from an extraordinarily wet 2018. Notably, for the first time in 4 years,
aggregate shipments to all 3 primary end-use markets increased, reflecting improved strength in
public and private sector spending in our markets. Aggregates pricing improved 4%, in line with our
expectations. Importantly, all divisions contributed to this solid growth, a testament to the strength of our
markets and the disciplined execution of our locally-driven pricing strategy. We expect these dynamics,
combined with recent positive industry trends, to support ongoing pricing momentum.

Our Cement operations established new full year records for volumes and gross profits. Shipments
increased 10% to nearly 3.9 million tons, driven by robust Texas demand, 2018 weather-deferred projects
and an expanded distribution terminal footprint. Cement pricing improved 3%, consistent with our
expectations. We expect our cement operations will continue to benefit from tight supply and healthy
demand in Texas, supported by growing customer backlogs and our April 2020 price increases.

Now turning to our downstream businesses. Despite solid fourth quarter volume improvement, our full
year ready mix concrete shipments decreased 2%. Our Southwest and Rocky Mountain divisions were
unable to completely overcome weather challenges that intermittently hindered construction activity
throughout the year. Average selling price increased modestly with solid gains in Colorado, partially offset
by strategic customer segmentation that limited pricing improvements in Texas. Our Colorado asphalt and
paving business enjoyed strong customer backlogs, a notable portion of which have been deferred into
2020. That said, shipments in pricing improved 7.5% and nearly 4%, respectively.

I'll now turn the call over to Jim to discuss more specifically our full year financial results. Jim?

James A. J. Nickolas
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Ward. The Building Materials business achieved record products and services revenues
of $4.2 billion, a 12% increase and record product gross profit of $1.1 billion, a 26% increase. Full
year aggregates product gross margin increased 360 basis points to 29.3%, driven by pricing gains
and improved operating leverage from increased shipment and production levels. We also benefited
from the absence of the negative impact from selling acquired inventory burdened by acquisition
accounting in 2018 as part of the Bluegrass transaction. However, following months of robust shipment
levels, we incurred higher late year costs for contract services, repairs and supplies to better prepare
ourselves for future production needs. These costs negatively impacted our incremental margin as did the
disproportionately strong growth in long-haul distribution revenues, which have a lower margin than local
or truck-served quarry revenues.

Long-haul revenues grew at roughly double the rate of quarry revenues. I'm pleased to report that
gross profit per ton increased for both the long-haul and local quarry operations. Our cement operations
established all-time records for product revenues and gross profit. Product revenues increased 13% to
$439 million, driven by volume and pricing growth. Notably, gross profit increased 14% to $143 million,
even after accelerating $6 billion of planned maintenance outage activities at our Hunter cement plant
during the fourth quarter 2019. Revenue growth, coupled with production efficiencies from increased

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

shipment and production levels, more than offset the higher maintenance costs as product gross margin
improved 20 basis points to 32.7%. Product revenues for the ready mix concrete business decreased less
than 2%. Despite lower revenues, gross margin expanded 60 basis points, reflecting the benefits of our
2018 restructuring of the company's Southwest ready mix concrete business.

Magnesia Specialties product revenues decreased 7% to $250 million as chemicals and lime customers
reduced inventory levels to align with the slowing demand trends experienced during the back half of the
year. Our lime business was negatively impacted by the General Motors work stoppages in September and
October, as steel manufacturers pulled back on demand for the flexing agent products we provide. We
anticipate these current trends to be short-term in nature. Impressively, product gross margin actually
improved 150 basis points to 39.8% as the business proactively responded with effective cost control
measures.

We ended 2019 with the strongest cash generation in our history. Operating cash flow of $966 million
increased 37% over 2018, driven by double-digit earnings growth and lower contributions to our already
well-funded qualified defined benefit pension plan. Martin Marietta continues to balance its long-standing
disciplined capital allocation priorities to further enhance shareholder value and maintain financial
flexibility. Our priorities remain value-enhancing acquisitions, prudent organic capital investment and
the opportunistic return of capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, all while
maintaining our investment-grade credit rating profile.

In 2019, we deployed $394 million of capital into our business and returned $228 million to shareholders
through both an increased dividend and the repurchase of 416,000 shares of our common stock. Since the
announcement of our share repurchase program in February 2015, we've returned more than $1.6 billion
to shareholders while, at the same time, growing our business profitably and responsibly. We also reduced
debt by $350 million in 2019. Strong earnings growth and higher debt repayments allowed the company
to return, as we said we would, to our target leverage ratio of 2 to 2.5x.

With that, I will turn the call back over to Ward to discuss our 2020 outlook.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Jim. We're excited to build on our momentum in 2020 and beyond by capitalizing on attractive
fundamentals that support sustainable and long-term construction growth. This underscores the
importance of the notion we have long articulated, where you are matters. We have thoughtfully executed
on our strategic analysis and operating review, known internally as SOAR, to position our business
through aggregates-led expansion in high-growth mega-regions. These mega-regions exhibit attractive
market fundamentals, including population growth, business and employment diversity and superior
state physical position. Notably, Texas, North Carolina, Georgia and Florida will account for nearly half
of our nation's population growth between now and 2040. That's a staggering statistic in 4 of our top
10 states by revenue. These states are experiencing and will likely continue to experience a significant
influx of people requiring homes, schools, offices, restaurants and roads. In short, population growth
will drive increased consumption of heavy side building materials in key Martin Marietta served markets
for the next 2 decades. With that in mind, we're confident that construction activity in our top 10 states
will continue to outpace growth nationwide. The combination of strong infrastructure funding levels and
healthy private sector activity is expected to drive both increased shipments and better pricing, resulting
in record profitability for our company in 2020.

The infrastructure market is our most aggregates-intensive end-use, but represented only 35% of our
aggregate shipments in 2019, well below the company's most recent 10-year average of 45%. In 2020,
we anticipate infrastructure shipments to meaningfully grow driven by lettings and contract awards in our
key geographies, strong state and federal funding levels and proposed regulatory reform that, if approved,
will reduce the permitting burden of large transportation projects. States continue to play an expanded
role in infrastructure investment, which bodes well for Martin Marietta as we have intentionally positioned
our business in states with superior Department of Transportation programs. In Texas, our largest state
by revenues, the DOT expects nearly $22 billion of construction contracts through fiscal year 2021 as
part of its 10-year $77 billion unified transportation program. Construction growth in Texas will benefit

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

further from large-scale, design build projects in and around Dallas-Fort Worth. North Carolina, our third
largest state by revenues, has an attractive overall fiscal position. In fact, the state's treasury is very well-
funded in 2020 as tax collections continue to exceed projections. That said, we anticipate modest but
transitory headwinds in road maintenance sending through the first half of 2020 as North Carolina DOT
works through some temporary cash flow issues. More broadly, we expect incremental funding at the state
and local levels to continue expanding at faster near-term rates than federal funding, which will lead to
additional growth opportunities for our company.

Voters approved 89% of state and local transportation initiatives on the November 2019 ballot, providing
nearly $10 billion of targeted transportation funding across the nation. Of this total, 80% was approved for
transportation initiatives in our key states of Texas, Colorado, North Carolina and Georgia.

Rebuilding our nation's infrastructure remains a national strategic priority, one that tends to enjoy
bipartisan support in Washington. The expected enactment of a comprehensive federal infrastructure
package to replace the Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act, or FAST Act, will drive multiyear
infrastructure growth. Notable progress is being made on this front. In July 2019, the Senate Committee
on Environment and Public Works issued America's Transportation Infrastructure Act, a draft highway
authorization bill. The draft proposes $287 billion in federal highway funding over the next 5 years, a
28% increase over previous authorizations funding levels. Also, in late January, the House Committee on
Transportation and Infrastructure unveiled the moving-forward framework, which includes $319 billion
over 5 years for federal highway spending, a 41% increase. The President, at last week's state of the
union address, endorsed the Senate's bill, urging Congress to pass infrastructure legislation. Legislative
emphasis will now turn towards assuring a sustainable funding mechanism, and we're optimistic one will
ultimately be agreed upon.

Nonetheless, we're entering 2020 with the perspective that a successor bill is unlikely to be passed before
the November 2020 election. However, we fully expect congressional continuing resolutions to maintain
federal transportation funding at a minimum at status quo levels for any interim period following the FAST
Act September 2020 expiration. We are confident that states have the necessary visibility and resources
to advance planned and future construction projects, particularly in our key states, which tend to be less
dependent on federal support for highway projects.

Nonresidential shipments, which accounted for 36% of our 2019 aggregate shipments, are at higher levels
on a percentage basis than we have historically experienced. Nonetheless, we expect another year of
healthy commercial activity in 2020, supported by projects for data centers, warehouses, distribution
centers and corporate relocations. Remember, we have purposefully positioned our business along major
interstate growth quarters where land is readily available for the construction of these fulfillment and data
centers. Additionally, the recent upward movements in the Architectural Billings and Dodge Momentum
Indices support a sustainable commercial construction outlook.

Within the industrial sector, heavy building materials consumption should benefit from the incoming
wave of large energy sector projects over the next several years, particularly along the Texas Gulf Coast.
Construction activity on 4 projects is expected to begin in earnest in 2020 and continue for several years
thereafter. Martin Marietta is well positioned to supply the aggregates, cement and ready mix concrete
needs for these multiyear energy projects.

Residential construction represented 22% of our 2019 aggregate shipments. While this end-use has
outperformed relative to the overall construction market, we expect continued gains across our leading
Southeastern and Southwestern geographic footprint. Permit growth, which, in our view, is the best
indicator of future housing construction activity for Martin Marietta, continues to be solid for single-family
and multifamily housing units in our top 10 states. Keep in mind, multifamily construction generally begins
early in an economic cycle and then transitions to more aggregates-intensive single-family construction.
Healthy multifamily bodes well for continued residential growth across our footprint.

Even more compelling, as previously mentioned, Texas, North Carolina, Georgia and Florida, 4 of our top
10 states, will account for nearly 50% of the country's total population growth over the next 2 decades,
as people migrate to areas with attractive employment opportunities, land availability and overall business

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

and tax-friendly environments. Importantly, notable population growth drives increased housing demand,
which also supports future nonresidential and infrastructure activity.

In summary, we expect aggregate shipments to increase 2% to 4% in 2020, reflecting growth in all
3 primary construction end-uses and notable upside in the infrastructure market. From a cadence
perspective, shipment growth is expected to be weighted toward the second half of the year, given a
strong first half comparison and transient North Carolina DOT headwinds.

Annual price increases, which become effective from January 1 to April 1, have already garnered market
support, most importantly, in Texas, the Carolinas and Southeast. To that end, we expect aggregates
pricing to increase in the range of 4% to 6%. Combined with contributions from our cement, downstream
at Magnesia Specialties businesses on a consolidated basis, we expect total revenues of $4.875 billion to
$5.075 billion and EBITDA $1.348 billion to $1.453 billion.
To conclude, we're proud of our 2019 record financial results and industry-leading safety performance.
We're equally optimistic about the future of Martin Marietta. As we move forward, Martin Marietta remains
committed to positioning our business to be aggregates-led in high-growth geographies and aligning our
product offerings to leverage strategic cement and targeted downstream opportunities. We will continue
to be disciplined in our solid strategic plan and our team's commitment to the world-class attributes of
our business: safety, ethics, cost discipline and operational excellence. We look forward to continuing our
strong momentum in 2020 and further strengthening our foundation for long-term success. If the operator
will now provide the required instructions, we will turn our attention to addressing your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Trey Grooms of Stephens.

Trey Grooms
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Okay. So first off, thanks for all the detail that you gave us around the 2020 guide. And you guys are
obviously facing a more difficult volume comp. And as you look at your volume assumption of kind of up
2% to 4%, I know you mentioned shipments might be towards the second half of the year there. But more
specifically, what are you seeing in your backlogs, or what are you hearing from your customers that give
you confidence in that 2% to 4% range, despite the pretty tough comps you guys are facing?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Trey, that's a great question. Thank you for that. I mean here's the quick tail of the tape. I mean, if we
go down, I can tell you Mid-Atlantic backlogs for our customers are up. If we look at Midwest, that just
had a killer year last year from a volume perspective, theirs are flat. If we look at Mid- East, they're up.
Southwest is up. Cement is up and Rocky Mountain is up. I mean, the Rockies really, it was interesting
trade because they had a 2019 that felt like 2018 did, I think, for much of the industry from a weather
perspective. So as we're looking across our footprint and looking at most of our divisions, what I'll tell you
is their backlogs and speaking to their customers actually look as good or better going into '20 than they
did going into '19. And to your point, that's the primary driver that gives us the confidence in the going
prediction that we put out so far today, we feel very comfortable with that.

Trey Grooms
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Got you. And I guess, for my follow-up, the infrastructure end-market in the 4Q was down slightly, you
noted in the press release. And I know there can be some delays and things like that, and we're aware of
the short-term situation going on in North Carolina. But can you go into more detail about the public side,
what you saw in the quarter? And is that something that gives you any concern at all as you look into '20?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Actually, Trey, it does not. What I would say is there were primarily 2 issues that I would call out. Clearly,
there were some permitting delays in Georgia that slowed down 2 projects, those were resolved. And
really, you had some weather issues that drove some activity or lack of activity in Colorado. If we pause
and look at it more broadly, here's what I'll tell you. If you look in Texas, you're looking at letting schedule
of $7.7 billion, which is very much in their sweet spot. I think they'll be very good with that. What's
striking is if you look forward to 2021, it's a $14.1 billion placeholder right now. So those are huge dollars
for this year and going into next, because you'll see even more design build. Keep in mind, we're going
to start to benefit from the major mobility program in Georgia as well. They're going to come out with
$12 billion of new projects to reduce congestion, primarily around the Atlanta metro area, where in a
post Bluegrass world, we have a much more significant footprint. Even in North Carolina, the fact that
the state is in very, very good condition, if we look overall at the lettings that they've had over the last
several years, they put us actually in a very attractive place, particularly in Eastern North Carolina. I think
the only thing that may happen for a period of months is we may see modestly less maintenance spend.
But equally, if we look at Colorado DOT, and again, hitting these really fit our top leading states from an
infrastructure perspective, the surface treatment budget is up significantly. It's up $84 million to $303
million, and the capital construction budget remained steady to last year when they were actually hit with
pretty notable weather circumstances. So if we look at our states by revenue, number one, Texas, it looks
really good; number two, Colorado, it looks really good. North Carolina looks strong. Actually, we're going

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

to have some delays early. Georgia looks good. And Florida continue to have a budget in the $10 billion
range. Again, when we're looking at numbers like that on the public side and we see what we think is
coming, it gives us a lot of conviction around that biggest single part of our business drive.

Operator

And our next question comes from Kathryn Thompson of Thompson Research Group.

Kathryn Ingram Thompson
Thompson Research Group, LLC

First, on pricing. If you just give thoughts on trends in pricing. And more in particular, how do you feel
going into 2020 in terms of how the landscape sets up and how is this relative to last year? And if you
could really look at it in terms of product line, that would be helpful.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure, Kathryn. A couple of things. One, pricing in the quarter actually looked quite good. It was up over
5%. Now as Jim mentioned in his portion of the prepared comments, some of that was driven by the
fact that we simply had more long haul in the quarter. Our rail business was actually up considerably. If
you normalize volume, pricing would have been up a little bit over 4% for the quarter, which, again, is
very much in keeping with where we thought. And again, I think you can look at Q4 from a volume and
pricing perspective and get some kind of play on how things are going to be as we start going into 2020. I
think we're seeing a better price environment in aggregates than we've seen for a while, across our entire
footprint. I know we're seeing a better pricing environment in cement than we've seen since we've owned
those assets in Texas. So if we're looking at that pricing environment, in particular, Kathryn, you may
recall that we had announced an $8 a ton price increase effective April 1. It looks like most of the rest of
the market is there. There's one player that's actually come in, as we understand it, with a letter that has
it at $9.50 a ton. So again, we feel very good about where that is. Equally, if we look at the downstream
businesses, I think we'll continue to see price increases for ready mix concrete in the range of $6 to $8
per cubic yard. That's probably not a bad bogey for you to keep in mind in both Colorado and Texas right
now. And keep in mind, part of what we called out in our prepared commentary is we had some segment
changes modestly in concrete actually gave some optical headwind on pricing because we have made
more of a play in Texas, in particular, to the housing market because we think that's actually more resilient
to weather. So as you recall, coming into '19, we had said we were planning for a wetter-than-usual year
and that dictated some degree of the shift that we had and the way that we were lining up end-uses as
well. I hope that's responsive to your question?

Kathryn Ingram Thompson
Thompson Research Group, LLC

Yes, that's very helpful. And then my second question really ties in the current quarter with your outlook.
The current quarter is really with puts and takes for the margin drag with the aggregates segment and
help us understanding more of what's onetime in nature versus ongoing? And kind of tying into that, really
into 2020 outlook, as you mentioned, the long-haul volumes in the quarter where it impacts stripping
costs for Colorado and Pat Walker. But in terms of the long-haul volumes, how do we think about that
cadence going forward? In other words, is this more just a unique event in Q4, or is this something that's
expected in 2020 and really kind of pulling it all together, help us understand how did that aggregate
backwards and what that means going forward?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. I'll do my best with that. That's a lot. Kathryn, here's what I would say. When I was speaking to Q4,
saying, look at that as a prelude, I was really talking more about pricing and more about volume in that
context. So here's what I would say with respect to the quarter itself. There were some very specific one-
offs in the quarter that I think you need to keep in mind. One, we did have some catch-up on grading, and
Jim referenced that, so let's call that $7.5 million, $8 million. We actually did bring some maintenance at

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

our Hunter cement column forward during the quarter because part of what we're aiming for and what we
feel like is going to be a very good year in cement is a higher degree of efficiency, and we feel like we've
positioned ourselves in Q4 for that. With respect to the Rocky Mountains, we had one capital project in
Wyoming, and we're basically putting a new plant in at Granite Canyon because that's going to help us
feed the Northern Colorado market long-term and its sales yards as we see aggregate depletion plays for
the industry occur in Northern Colorado. That project finished several months later than we had planned.
So between that -- which is now finished. But between that project finishing later and weather being
considerably different in Q4 in Colorado, that helped drive part of the difference that we see there. Just to
give you some metrics around that, I think this is important for the quarter. If we're looking at Colorado,
all by itself, asphalt and paving had 57% more weather impacted days in Q4. And by the way, they had
30% more full year impacted days. So it gives you much clearer visibility into 2020. And then the last
piece that I would call out is what we mentioned in the Southeast. We had those 2 delays on projects
on public works in and around Atlanta. And then as you recall, when Hurricane Dorian stopped over the
Bahamas last year, we have an operation, as you may recall, in Freeport. And we were unable to take
one boatload of stone out of Freeport that we otherwise would have in been Q4. So really, if you look at
the catch-up on grading, the item on cement that I mentioned, issues relative to Rocky Mountain and
weather and end of capital project that's now been resolved. And those 2 issues in the Southeast actually
bridged in Q4, so as we look at the way Q4 lined up from that perspective. Now to the other part of your
question, I think, was really relative to the margins. And what I'll say in that regard is that if we look at
what happened in the quarter relative to rail volumes, they increased 20%. Now remember, I view that
as good in more ways than not. I like the fact that we're seeing the rail yards in that expanded network,
see the volume go through. But as you'll also recall, the margins that we get at the rail yards are not as
attractive as the margins we get at truck-served quarries. So you've had a modest mix impact on that.
And that was really the driver on what you saw on a change in margin. Now as we think about what does
that look like going into 2020, and I think that was the last piece of your question. We're anticipating
we're going to see, really in 2020, about the same degree of long-haul shipments that we saw in 2019.
And to give you a sense of it, and that was probably up over 4 million tons on long haul in 2019. So again,
we're looking for what we feel like is going to be an attractive 2019, but we don't think we're going to
see that type of shift relative to the other mix. Kathryn, tell me if I hit the issues that you wanted me to
address.

Kathryn Ingram Thompson
Thompson Research Group, LLC

Yes. And really, kind of the point is, is this kind of a onetime? And how should we think about the cadence
going forward? So that did answer my question.

Operator

And our next question comes from Phil Ng of Jefferies.

Philip H. Ng
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Is there a good way to think about the impact on volumes in your aggregates business to start the year
with that short-term dynamic you called out in North Carolina? And embedded in your full year guide, how
are you thinking about weather this year and any other bottlenecks like labor and transportation?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

What I would say, Phil, is this. We're again expecting a wetter-than-usual year, and that's what we did
last year as well. So we're taking the same approach to weather, saying, let's plan for it to be wetter. So
that's what you see in those numbers. I think with respect to North Carolina, as we said in the prepared
remarks, we view that as fully transitory. I think you might see some issues but I think they're going to be
modest in the first half of the year. It may be somewhere in the 0.5 million to 1 million tons, all-in, worst-
case scenario, Phil, if you're trying to look at it that way. But my guess is we're going to see that made up
in some private work in the states. So it's something that we wanted to make sure we spoke of, but it's

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

not something that we're seeing as disruptive to the overall business. I think, importantly, in the last part
of your question and that was relative to what we see going on with contractors, supply chain, et cetera.
I think trucking has clearly gotten better over the last couple of years. I think contractors could still use
more labor than they internally have. So I actually think contract labor served as a little bit of a governor
on what growth was in 2019. And I think I'd be foolish to say it wouldn't be some modest governor going
into '20. But I do think labor has gotten better over time, in part, going back to the commentary that we
offered last year, and that was consistent with the notion that contractors were willing to pay more to get
labor because they see an emerging public side work coming. And the penalties for not completing public
work in a timely manner tend to be pretty notable. So I don't think you can totally dismiss it. I think they
are issues. I think they're issues that are getting better. Does that answer you, Phil?

Philip H. Ng
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Yes, that's really helpful. And then more, I mean, I think you guys have done an excellent job kind of
highlighting your backlog for the public side, but public builders have obviously reported pretty strong
orders, double-digit increases. Just curious, have you seen an uptick in your business? And what's the
typical lag from orders or starts onto your demand?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

But it can vary a lot depending on the jobs. Because you can certainly get orders and then on occasion,
just as we saw in North Georgia, you can see some permitting delays that may tie into environmental
or other issues. So it can be anywhere from 2 months to 6 months, Phil. And again, there can be some
noise around both of those. But I do think what we're seeing relative to public is a much healthier '20 than
we've seen over the last several years.

Philip H. Ng
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay, that's helpful. And just one last one for me, Ward, I couldn't help, appreciate some of the
commentary you said about Texas cement, sounds like you're feeling a lot more upbeat about the pricing
environment. What's embedded in your guidance? And any early green shoots to read on the competitive
landscape and how you guys are behaving in that market?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Hey, you're welcome. Look, from what we can tell, obviously, we've come out with our price increase letter
that was $8 effective April 20. What we hear from our customers in the marketplace that I think most
others have come out with products that sound like they're in that same range. I think there's one that
has come out with a letter that's even in excess of that. But that's certainly what we're looking at, and it's
something that going into the year, we've got nice conviction around, Phil.

Operator

Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari of Citigroup.

Anthony James Pettinari
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Just following up on Phil's question on cement. Volumes were up double digits for another quarter, and
I think you just talked about pricing expectations or the pricing opportunity. With regards to volume
expectations, I think you referenced cement being up. But is it possible that we could see another strong
quarter in 1Q for volumes that's maybe comparable to what we saw in 4Q and 3Q?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

One thing I try to stay away from is talking too much about the quarter that we're in the middle of.
Because if we ever talk about it one quarter and it was great, then we don't talk about it the next. You're
almost indicating one way or the other. What I'll say is this, I think everything that we see in Dallas and
Fort Worth and in San Antonio, and keep in mind, that's where our 2 cement plants are, is a very healthy
marketplace. We talked a little bit early in the call about what DOT budgets look like there. At the same
time, if we come back and take a look at what residential looks like at that marketplace, I mean, it's really
very, very attractive. Texas and Florida continue to be, for example, in the top 10 for total permits. DFW
has been leading the nation for a while in single-family and in multifamily. And what you wouldn't expect
is to still see multi-families so strong, deep into recovery, which tells us what we've long said, Anthony,
and that is this has really not been a building-led recovery yet. So I think as we're looking at our Cement
business, we think it's going to be very busy this year. We think Texas is going to be a great place to be
from a volume perspective and a profit perspective. The one thing I would say to you is we're going to be
particularly focused this year on enhancing our efficiencies. If we can get efficiency levels at the levels that
we believe are perfectly attainable, at both Midlothian and Hunter, then we can have a very special year in
cement this year.

Anthony James Pettinari
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Okay. That's very helpful. And then, Ward, I was wondering if you could talk maybe broadly about how the
M&A landscape looks here, especially in aggregates and some of these higher growth states that you're
targeting. I guess, it's almost been 2 years since Bluegrass and you deleveraged quite successfully here.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Yes, we have -- we brought that leverage down very quickly, and as Jim said, as we said we would. Look,
we're involved in a steady diet of conversations on M&A. And's part of what we're doing is, as you've
heard us say before, we're in aggregates-led business. And that is what is going to drive our ability to
grow the business the way that we would like to, going forward. I also believe that 2 things: one, we have
a very healthy balance sheet. Number two, we've got regulatory capacity, I think, in attractive markets
today that others don't. What that means is you can expect us on the right deal -- to make sure that we
get the right deals. So at the same time, you should expect us to be very disciplined around transactions
that from a Martin Marietta perspective don't fit what we want to do. And I think if you go back and take
a look at what we did with TXI, what we did with Bluegrass and what we've done with some of the tuck-
in transactions we've done in Colorado, in the aftermath of our River for the Rockies transaction, that is an
area in which we are very, very disciplined, but I will tell you, very, very busy right now.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs.

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

I'm wondering if you could talk about your demand expectations for quarry-served markets versus rail-
served markets for '20. Should we be looking for the mix dynamic that we saw play out in the fourth
quarter continuing, at least on a year-over-year basis, through part of '20?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Jerry, I think what we anticipated is what we saw for the full year on rail should remain relatively static.
So again, there was disproportionate growth on the rail side in '19, we think we'll see that pretty steady
in '20, and we think we'll see more coming out of the truck serves. So if you recall, Jerry, coming into
'19, we had actually said we thought you'd see incremental margins in the aggregates business of around
55%. But we did not anticipate as stronger rail yard year as we did, which brought it down just modestly.
If you take a look at what incrementals look like for the aggregates business going into '20, you'll see that
we're planning for that 60% number as opposed to the 55% that we planned for last year. So I think the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

lag around really thinking more or less flat rail '19 into '20, and then also going back and giving you that
snapshot of where we were on incrementals last year and where we are this year. I think that answers
your question.

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

It does, yes. And to your point earlier on the call, look, very good volume year overall. It looks like there
are some puts and takes around the volumes, as you would expect, in '20 compared to generally robust
across-the-board demand in '19. From your experience on the pricing cycle, how should we think about
the cadence of pricing over the course of the year especially considering it sounds like there's going to be
a different cadence to demand this year by market compared to what we saw in '19?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

I think we've seen the price increases going in the way that we thought that they would, Jerry, and that is
they've been going in anywhere from January 1 to April 1. So -- and my guess is there's not going to be
anything particularly striking in a difference relative to pricing other than the fact I think it's going to be
modestly stronger in '20 than it was in '19 because that's usually what healthy volumes do for you. So I
wouldn't call out any particular difference relative to cadence.

Jerry David Revich
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

And sorry, Ward, just a clarification. So you've obviously made announcement of January and April price
increases. What about the level of midyear price increase that's embedded at the midpoint of guidance?
Can you just give us a bit of context of how much work remains to be done over balance of the year to get
to the midpoint?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

But we have not baked in any midyears into that, Jerry. So really, what we've done in the guidance
is anticipated a wetter-than-usual year. We've anticipated that the pricing is what the pricing is. And
that if midyears come along, that would add some momentum to that. And keep in mind, Jerry, one
thing to remember, even if you do get midyears, you're only going to recognize about 25% of a midyear
during the year in which you put the midyear because you still have to work off some backlog and other
commitments before it really fully comes into place. Midyears help you a degree in the year, but you put
them in, they actually end up being more of your friend in the following year.

Operator

And our next question comes from Brent Thielman of D.A. Davidson.

Brent Edward Thielman
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

A question on the Magnesia Specialties business, I think there's a little more pressure here in the fourth
quarter. It looks like the outlook suggests that might level off here to some degree. Just curious kind of
what you're seeing and hearing from customers there that gives you some confidence around that.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

No, look, thanks for the question, Brent, because that's a business that is such a good business, and
they just never get the airtime that they deserve. But they were faced with 2 things last year. One, Jim
mentioned in his comments that there was a slowdown in steel, particularly around the GM facility. And
then we saw some customers just rationalizing inventories from the chemical side. As you would imagine,
we stay very close with those customers. I think we feel like largely that they will have worked through

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

those issues particularly by the time we get towards the end of the first quarter. So if you look at that
business, I think we feel very comfortable with the guidance that we have out there right now. Part of
what I was really taken with, though, is if you look at that business and you say, look, the revenues went
down, the gross profit went down as well but on a percentage basis, it didn't go down as much as the
revenues. And then if you look at the margin, what you'll actually see last year is the margin went up. So I
think that's just indicative of how well they run that business and how accurately they can forecast where
the business is going when they need to. So again, if we look directly to the dialogue with our customers, I
think that's what gives us the confidence that it's going to end where we said.

Brent Edward Thielman
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

Okay, appreciate that. And then, Ward, just because it's in the release, you talked a bit about it. But is
there any other details or kind of broader parameters you can speak or sink our teeth into kind of around
the store, 2025. You're obviously in this really enviable capital deployment position. You talked about kind
of lessons learned over the last decade. Can you share what you learned from that? What might change
kind of as we move forward in the next 5 years?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

What I would say in many respects is it worked pretty well. So there are a lot of aspects of that, that
we would not change as opposed to things that we would change. What do we believe? We believe this
business is an aggregates-led business and we think it's aggregates-led for all the right reasons. We
think really being focused on geographies with high-population growth or either consuming significant
aggregates is where we want to be. The notion that we've moved the business from 1 or 2 in 65% of
our markets to 1 or 2 in 90% of our markets over a decade is a pretty heavy statistic when you think
about a big, heavy, slow-moving industry. And the ability to always remain profitable and never cut a
dividend. These are things to us that are so fundamental to who we are. And what I would tell you is you
should continue to look for us to do the types of things that we did when we exit the River and we went
into Colorado to do the types of things that we did as we bulked up our business in Atlanta and took a
leading position in Maryland. And to the extent that we can do that in markets that continue to exhibit
good population trends, good state physical health, multiple end-use drivers, those are the types of things
that we're focused on. When we did SOAR 2020, our aim was to be to the point that we had something
that looks like an enterprise value of around $20 billion by the time we got to 2020. I think when we rolled
that out, most people -- who we're looking at, would have been too kind to have said, you can't do it, but
they may well have thought it, and we largely did it. So as we think about SOAR 2025, we will continue to
be -- we'll probably put some numbers out that can look aspirational. We think they're doable and that's
how we intend to grow the business.

Operator

And our next question comes from Garik Shmois of Loop Capital.

Garik Simha Shmois
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

Just wondering, as you look out to 2020, you came out with a preliminary volume outlook after 3Q, which
is low to mid-single digits. And here you're out with the 2% to 4% increase. So pretty similar rate of
growth. But just wondering, just over the last 3 months, has anything shifted, good or bad, just around
your view of the end markets relative to when you came out with the preliminary outlook a couple of
months ago.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Look, what I would say, Garik, and this is -- I would tell you, this is more gut than it is math. Okay, so
forgive me for that. I would think the sentiment is broadly better now than it was 3 or 4 months ago. So
if we're going back to the period of time when we would have been going through a planning or budgeting

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

cycle in the fall and took a poll of how division presidents and vice presidents and general managers and
said, okay, how do you feel last October? How do you feel now? I think as a general rule, I feel better now
than they felt then. And by the way, they didn't go bad then.

Garik Simha Shmois
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

Got it. And then just to clarify, some of the expenses that hit in the fourth quarter, particularly related to
grading. Is there anything to call out as you look out, just as far as the cadence of some of these lumpier
expenses into 2020, just how you're planning on some of these larger cost items?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

No, actually, I don't think so. For example, I think our kiln expenses will actually be friendlier in '20 than
they were in '19 for some of the reasons we discussed. I think we've actually on some catch-up grading
that we've done, I think we're sitting in the type of place that you would expect. I think the CapEx that
we've been putting into mobile equipment will continue to be our friend relative to maintenance and repair.
So Garik, there's not a cadence out there this year that I would be wanting to highlight to you right now. I
think the big driver for a little bit of a stutter step there at year-end was volumes were just up more than
people would have thought. And because of that, we had some catch-up to do. But we don't see that in
'20, right?

Operator

And our next question comes from Stanley Elliott from Stifel.

Stanley Stoker Elliott
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

On the capital spend side, I think you kind of touched on it a little bit, but you had been running elevated
again close to depreciation. Can you talk a little bit about what the plans for CapEx are? I mean is it rolling
stock like you called out? Is it an expansion projects? Just trying to get a flavor for where you see the
most opportunity.

James A. J. Nickolas
Chief Financial Officer

Stanley, it's Jim. So I would say, in aggregate, in total, our CapEx is roughly constant as a percent of
sales. We've been doing that in '18 and '19 and expect the same 2020. We have been spending more on
mobile in the prior years. We're shifting a bit now to plant upgrades and efficiency improvements. So I
would say we're close to -- so most of it is maintenance capital, but it's efficiency improvement capital at
the same time. So we see no start changes going forward there.

Stanley Stoker Elliott
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Perfect. Lastly, questions on kind of the one-off stripping, your cost there. Are you seeing anything else
within the cost environment that's concerning heading into 2020, be it labor or energy costs or anything
else that you would want to call out that we should be aware of?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Stanley, we're really not. If you look back over the last several years, labor has never been an issue for
us. It doesn't look like it's going to be this year either. And as we're looking at the other inputs, and again,
we feel very confident with it. So I don't see anything that would really move a needle in that respect.

Operator

And our next question comes from Adam Thalhimer of Thompson, Davis.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

Adam Robert Thalhimer
Thompson, Davis & Company, Inc., Research Division

Ward, I wanted to start on aggregates pricing. I just wanted to make sure I understood, I mean, pricing
accelerated all throughout 2019. You've got it accelerating gain in 2020. And I'm just curious, what's really
driving that?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

I think volume is clearly a friend on that. And obviously, in the fourth quarter, there was some degree of
mix relative to rail that did that. But again, if we go back, over time, part of what we've seen, Adam, and
we've spoken of it, I think it surprised people that we would have the ability to get price in a down market,
but we did. And part of what we indicated is we thought we would have even more ability to get price
in an upmarket. And I think that's what you saw last year. Keep in mind, we end up being, at the end of
the day, a relatively small piece of overall construction from a cost perspective. If you're 10% of the cost
of building a road, 2% of the cost of building a home and somewhere between those percentages on a
non-res project, we are selling the product that's going to make or break the general contractor or sub on
either getting the job, not getting the job or being profitable. At the same time, we have a product in the
ground that gets more valuable by the day, and we want to make sure that we have the ability to capture
that value because the barriers to entry continue to be very, very high. So I think you have all of those
factors coalescent, and I think that's evidenced in what you see in the pricing.

Adam Robert Thalhimer
Thompson, Davis & Company, Inc., Research Division

And I think it was in your letter, Ward, you called out the wind projects being a slight headwind this year.
Can you just give us a little more color on that. How impactful is that?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

So no pun intended on the wind projects being a headwind, right? So what we're seeing, Adam, is really
the tax investment credits and if projects aren't under construction at the end of 2020, really, that's been
an issue in 2 areas for us: one in the Midwest and to a degree in the Southwest -- more in the Midwest
than the Southwest. Right now we don't see it as a notable headwind. We really just more call it out
because we recognize that the tax credits are going away and we want to be sensitive to it. And the
other thing that we're sensitive to, I spoke about the fact that Midwest volumes going into the year look
relatively flat to last year, but Midwest volumes last year were really up. So that's an area of the country
on a percentage basis, we just want to be thoughtful around.

Operator

And our next question comes from Michael Dudas of Vertical Research.

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

You called -- in your release this morning, you talked about the potential positive on regulatory-driven
improvement in efficiency and trying to get projects let. Any sense on how confident you think that will
come through, given what's going on in politics-wise and how that could impact maybe this cadence and
term on lettings in the next couple of years? Are you going to combine them with the maybe potential
federal bill in, say, 2021 or 2022.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Sure. Michael, it's going to be scientific and anecdotal all at the same time. So have we seen some states
go from taking 7 years to get jobs out to being more like 2 years to get jobs that we have? And has North
Carolina, for example, been a part of that. Absolutely. Have we seen other states getting better at that?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

No doubt. And even in the president's draft budget that he's put out, of course, he's talking about the total
$1 trillion infrastructure investment. So that's the broad picture that he's painted. And at the same time,
even he starts talking about in that broad-based budget, more of what you would like to see down. And
I think we've seen some edges of it in neater reform on what can happen on getting projects approved
more quickly. So what I would tell you is, can I sit here today and give you definitive numbers on what we
think they would be up? No, I can't. But at the same time, kind of look over the past several years and say
that North Carolina, for example, was able to go through $2 billion that had really been put on the shelves
because they couldn't get jobs out as quickly as they wanted to because they had gotten more efficient at
it? Yes. Do we think it will continue to get better at the federal level? Yes. And do we think that will likely
be part of a new highway bill? We think it probably will be.

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

That's great, great color. Just one quick follow-up. When you -- talking back to M&A and how you're
looking at -- or having active discussions with many folks, are those folks' also expectations moving
higher given some of the publicly available data and the expectations that I think most people have in
the industry? And is that causing some of maybe some lock-up relative to things maybe getting done in a
more rapid environment in the next, say, 6 to 18 months?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Michael, I think it can vary a lot. I think it can vary depending on are you talking granite, are you talking
limestone, are you talking sand or gravel. Are you talking a pure play, or are you talking to a vertical
play. Are you talking East Coast, or are you talking middle Of the country or west. So I think it moves
around. What I would say at the end of the day is people recognize these are very valuable businesses.
Oftentimes, they are justifiably pretty proud of them, which is one of the reasons that we have to make
sure that we can get good synergies when we go and do these transactions. So again, I think there's a lot
of dialogue. We will not overreach on things. We will continue to be responsible with it. But we're seeing
things today that if things come together, we can execute on, and I think do quite well with them.

Operator

And our next question from Seldon Clarke of Deutsche Bank.

Seldon T. Clarke
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Just sticking with M&A. How much capacity do you think you have for the right deal? And just, could you
give us a sense of maybe how many deals you think are potentially out there that could still move the
needle for you guys?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, I'd tell you, let me do this. I'll address the first -- the second part of it, and that is the quantum of
deals. I'll let Jim come back and talk a little bit about firepower. And the fact is, we're always engaged
in at least or probably more than a handful of dialogues. And again, they can vary pretty considerably in
size. So the conversations continue to be regular, and they continue to be rich in many respects. And rich,
I don't mean numbers. I mean, just in the form of dialogue. That said, let me turn it over to Jim, and he
can talk a little bit about firepower.

James A. J. Nickolas
Chief Financial Officer

Well, as you know, we did -- we acquired Bluegrass for $1.6 billion a few years ago. We did that
comfortably, and delevered rapidly. We could do that size and larger today readily. So I'd say, we have
ample firepower. We can do larger deals, we can do multiple medium-sized deals. And again, it's in our top
priority, getting the right acquisition at the right price. So we'll make it happen if we need to, but it would

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

be very comfortable for us from a firepower perspective to do any deals that would be coming to fruition in
the next 2 years.

Seldon T. Clarke
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay, that's helpful. And then just what's going on with elevated valuations, if the right deal doesn't
present itself? What do you think the right kind of leverage ratio is on a more ongoing basis? And how
should we think about capital deployment ex M&A?

James A. J. Nickolas
Chief Financial Officer

Right. Well, our priorities did not change. So I'll answer the second part of the question first. Aside from
M&A, it'd be reinvesting in the business and forward Capex. We talked about that, roughly 8%, 9%
of sales, typically what we shoot for, it's what we've been doing. And beyond that, we'd be returning
capital to shareholders in the form of higher dividends, which we've been doing the last couple of years,
meaningful increases in the dividend rate and then share buyback, which you've also been doing over
the last few years. So we'll continue to do those 2 things. In terms of leverage, we have a stated target
leverage of 2 to 2.5x. We're currently at the lower end of that range. Of course, I've done it in the context
of M&A pipeline, in the context of economic outlook and our expectations for the year. So there's no static
view we take. But by and large, 2 to 2.5x is our debt-to-EBITDA ratio.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Seldon, if we think about what's happened over the last 24 months, 18 months, we've done the second
largest transaction in our company's history. The year before that, we raised our dividend by 9%, this
past year by 15%. Obviously, the board will look at that again in August. But to do a transaction the way
that we did with Bluegrass, to delever as quickly as we did, to be in a position to take the dividend up and
buy shares back is a very nice place to be. And I think that speaks well to the discipline that the team has
shown overall on capital deployment.

Operator

And the next question comes from Adrian Huerta of JPMorgan.

Adrian E. Huerta
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Two questions. One is on cement prices, specifically in Texas. What are your views on import parity prices
for Texas. And if you think that, that could drive potentially even higher increases on cement prices?
And the second one is, on your guidance for cement gross profit, aside from prices, what else are you
expecting to drive margins higher this year?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

I guess, the number one, Adrian, thank you for your question. Number two, if we just look at Texas
cement overall, and Texas consumed about 18.7 million tons of cement last year, about 13.5 of that was
from domestic producers in Texas. So the short answer is you're going to have some degree of import
that's coming into the state right now simply to meet the needs. And I think if you look at where our
plants are, very much by design in Dallas-Fort Worth and in San Antonio, the ability for water imports
to come in and meaningfully interdict our businesses is low. And again, that's by design. I think you will
continue to see the need and the desire for cement to continue to go up in that state. I think the fact
that we're talking about an $8 a ton price increase there demonstrates that the demand-supply band is
going to be somewhere in our favor. Clearly, that is going to help drive our business. The other thing that I
would say, to your point, we will clearly have less kiln maintenance expenses in '20 than we had last year.
And then the number that we know is going to be real, it's just a more elusive number is what you get
from the sheer efficiencies that we believe we will recognize at both Midlothian and at Hunter. Again, as I

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

look across the business and think about the areas that I think have the potential to have a really pretty
special year this year, I would put cement somewhere near the head of that list, Adrian.

Operator

And next question comes from Paul Chabran of On Field Investment Research.

Paul Chabran
On Field Investment Research LLP

Just one question, if I may. We are seeing more and more large aggregate, pretty certainly, I know it's
moving towards recycle aggregates. I just wanted to understand whether it's something that you're
considering? And if so, what do you think would be the impact on the value of your aggregates reserves?
And as a quick follow-up on -- you mentioned that aggregate volumes have been hit by some delays in
infrastructure project in North Carolina, Georgia and Colorado, if I remember well. Could you give us an
idea of what your volumes would have been in Q4, excluding this impact?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

I'll certainly try to. Let's deal with the recycle issue first. And what I would say, Paul, is recycle is going to
be an issue that's not going to hit all markets the same way, it's going to hit different markets differently.
So if you think about markets such as Los Angeles or markets such as Houston, that really, in L.A., you've
got depletion, in Houston, you have no course aggregates that are indigenous there, which means that as
you have certain destruction of buildings, you can have crush concrete in that marketplace, they can be
used in some instances as a base material. Keep in mind, in many instances, recycle is going to be more
usable in a commercial application as opposed to a DOT application because oftentimes, it won't meet the
more rigorous DOT specifications. So what I would say is -- what I think, today's pricing in aggregates
and what I think, frankly, think they're going to be for the next decade, will you see more recycle on the
edges? I think you will on occasion, I don't think it's going to be a huge displacing factor. Keep in mind,
even recycle that you see in recycled asphalt, commonly referred to as wrap, is really more used to pull
the liquid out of billings as opposed to the stone. So I think we see it that way. Relative to the second part
of your question, that was with respect to delays, what I would say is, clearly, we did see some delays in
Georgia. We saw some delays in North Carolina. I don't want to quantify exactly how much I think, that
would have moved the aggregate tonnage, I think it would have moved it a bit. Importantly, those are
high profit states. So I think it probably would have hit more bottom line on profits as opposed to bottom
line relative to volumes. Thank you, Paul.

Operator

And our next question comes from Paul Roger of Exane BNP Paribas

Robert Whitworth
Exane BNP Paribas, Research Division

This is Rob Whitworth for Paul Roger. I have to start by asking, is this going to accelerate greenfield
investment spending? And what returns do you typically make on these investments?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

I'm sorry, Rob, relative to greenfield?

Robert Whitworth
Exane BNP Paribas, Research Division

Yes, please.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

Yes. I guess we would say several things. We think there's a role in what we do for greenfield. Again,
at the same time, if we look at our volume this past year at 191 million tons, and we look all the way
through a cycle. I would ask you to remember this. So at the peak of last cycle, we produced and sold
205 million tons. At the bottom of the last cycle, 125 million tons and 191 million last year. Of that 191
million, 40 million tons are due to acquisitions over the last decade-ish. So if we're comparing same on
same, all the way through a cycle, take the 190 million that we just finished with in 2019, take 40 million
tons from it, it puts us at 150 million tons, same on same versus 205 million at peak and 125 million at
the bottom. That's my long way of saying, I don't think we're in a position today that adding greenfield
sites is a particularly value-enhancing strategy for us. We have ample reserves in very attractive markets.
Greenfielding to me is when you want to go into a new market, where you've got reserves that you're
trying to protect. The other thing that I would say is most greenfield applications will probably take
around 7 years to put in. And again, you've got several components you have to be mindful of. Number
one, environmentally, what you're dealing with a delegated state authority from using federal statutes.
But then more importantly, what's happening relative to local land use. Rob, that's the piece of it in the
United States that I think most people miss because I think most people feel like the bigger issue is
environmental. The bigger issue is, in fact, land use. So as we think about it, have we opened the single
largest greenfield operating on the Union Pacific's fast network about 5 years ago? We have, but again,
a very strategic play to make sure we can supply DOT spec stone into Houston for a generation. Have
we looked at opening underground mine that places like in the Midwestern U.S. We have, but we haven't
taken on a slew of greenfields because at the end of the day, we don't think it's the best use of our capital.

Robert Whitworth
Exane BNP Paribas, Research Division

Very clear. And just as a follow-up, you did touch on this slightly earlier. But your asphalt margins
disappointed a bit again. And I appreciate this is mostly bad weather in Colorado. But in terms of looking
ahead, do you see a big potential improvement in 2020, given the potential tailwind from IMO 2020?

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

No, I do think we'll see a potential tailwind. I mean, again, weather was the primary driver for the
variance that you've seen. We talked a little bit about the sheer quantum of days that we lost because
of the weather. If we look at the backlogs that we have in that business going into the year, they really
look very, very good. If we look in from a customer perspective, we're looking at already over 50% of our
backlog being booked for the year. And for me to be able to say that to you in the first half of February is a
pretty heavy place.

Operator

And this does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to
Ward Nye for any closing remarks.

C. Howard Nye
Chairman, CEO & President

Well, thank you for joining our fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings conference call. We continue
to focus on maximizing the value for shareholders as we build our strong results and strive to realize
the company's full potential. Given Martin Marietta's world-class attributes and our expectation of a
sustainable and steady public-private sector construction activity, we believe 2020 will be another record
year for Martin Marietta. We look forward to discussing our first quarter 2020 results in a few months. As
always, we're available to answer any follow-up questions. Thank you for your time and your continued
support of Martin Marietta.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

MARTIN MARIETTA MATERIALS, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

