McCormick & Company, Incorporated 

NYSE:MKC
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, June 25, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.16

1.47

Revenue  (mm)

1369.07

1401.10

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jun-25-2020 12:42 PM GMT

26.72

2.34

1.38

5.27

5.46

1355.90

5431.60

5503.83

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

1.29

1.61

1.03

1.16

1.46

1.61

1.08

1.47

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13.18 %

0.00 %

4.85 %

26.72 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

14

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Kasey A. Jenkins
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

David Christopher Driscoll
DD Research LLC

Faiza Alwy
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Peter Thomas Galbo
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

Presentation

Kasey A. Jenkins
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of McCormick Investor Relations. Thank you for
joining today's second quarter earnings call.

To accompany this call, we've posted a set of slides at ir.mccormick.com. [Operator Instructions]

We'll begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mike Smith, Executive
Vice President and CFO.

During our remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These include information in
constant currency as well as adjusted operating income, adjusted income tax rate and adjusted earnings
per share that exclude the impact of special charges. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included
in this morning's press release and slides. In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please
refer to our presentation for complete information. In addition, as a reminder, today's presentation
contains projections and other forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from
those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking
statements whether because of new information, future events or other factors. It is important to note
these statements include expectations and assumptions which will be shared related to the impacts of the
COVID-19 pandemic. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statement also provides information on risk
factors, including the impacts of COVID-19, that could affect our financial results.

It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Kasey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us

The last few months have been an extraordinary period, and the global recovery from COVID-19 continues
to evolve daily. McCormick's commitment to maintaining critical food supply across all of our markets
and supporting our communities has been constant during these turbulent times. Across the globe, we've
committed financial resources to many organizations to support frontline health care workers, emergency
responders and the restaurant and hospitality industries, including donating to food banks and causes
in nearly 20 countries to ensure reliable access to foods to those most vulnerable during this ongoing
pandemic.

We're working through the challenges of today while keeping our focus on the long-term goals, strategies
and values that have made us so successful.

We have 3 priorities which we've spoken about since the first days of the crisis as we work through this
period. The first is to ensure the health and safety of our employees and the quality and integrity of
our product. The second is to keep our brands and our customers' brands and supply and maintain the
financial strength of our business. And the third is to make sure we emerge stronger from this crisis. As a
company, we've seen all phases of the pandemic, from lockdown starting in January to various stages of
recovery today. Our businesses in China are fairly far along in recovery, with the exception of the Hubei
province, one of our most highly developed regions in China, which is in the early stages of recovery as
it was under an extended lockdown through April 8. Other businesses in Asia Pacific as well as EMEA are
about 2 or 3 months behind China with variations by market, with some markets beginning early recovery
late in the second quarter. In the Americas, which is also about 2 to 3 months behind China, restrictions
began to loosen late in the second quarter, with recovery currently in its early stages.

Now turning to Slide 5, let me highlight a few points on the current conditions we are seeing and their
potential impacts.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

Our consumer segment was positively impacted early in the quarter by some initial pantry stocking in
the Americas and the EMEA regions and pantry replenishment in China. While these behaviors elevated
consumption for a period, as the quarter progressed, strong consumption continued steadily across all
regions. Our consumer survey data shows that strength was real incremental consumption driven by
increased cooking at home. We believe the shift in consumer consumption to eating at home will continue,
partially driven by the status of the restaurant and foodservice industries as well as consumer confidence
with eating out and significantly influenced by an increased preference for cooking at home, which we
believe will be longer lasting. We don't expect the same level of consumption to continue for the balance
of the year that we experienced throughout the quarter. However, we do expect consumption to remain at
some elevated levels driven by the shift in consumer preference. Additionally, we would expect to benefit
from consumers eating at home if we were to enter a recessionary period consistent with our historical
sales performance during past recessions. As our second half of the year begins, we continue to see
elevated demand from our customers and through scanner data.

Turning to our flavor solutions segment. Let's start with our sales to packaged food companies, which
historically represents roughly half of our flavor solutions portfolio. Early in the quarter, we experienced
service and demand which tapered off throughout the quarter and performance varied by customer.
We expect overall demand consistent with pre-COVID levels in our second half. For our restaurant and
other foodservice customers, we began the quarter with reduced demand as COVID-19 restrictions in
most markets eliminated dine-in services and limited restaurants to carryout and delivery only. As we
expected, this had a significant negative impact on our second quarter performance, particularly in the
EMEA region, as most restaurants completely closed. Late in the quarter, we began to see, and believe
we will continue to see, a gradual recovery, which, again, will vary by market. Quick service restaurants
or QSRs are recovering quicker, with the rest of foodservice building more slowly. In China, QSRs are
largely open and traffic has returned to fairly normal levels. In certain markets in the Americas and EMEA,
indoor dine-in service are beginning to open on a limited basis and outdoor dining options have reopened.
In EMEA, QSRs delivery and drive-through options began to resume in June, and they are seeing initial
surges in demand. As we begin our third quarter, we are seeing our away-from-home demand beginning
to come back. Our restaurant and other foodservice customers who've experienced significant disruption
are adapting their operating models, refining their menu offerings, focusing on core items and exploring
alternative ways to drive demand to offset dine-in declines, and we're collaborating with them on their
recovery efforts.

Our global supply chain has been critical to our success during this period of volatility. It's an area of
strength for us and one of the reasons we will come through this crisis strong. Our global sourcing
organization has been a real differentiator, quickly executing contingency plans and placing critical
materials where needed since our early involvement in China and ahead of any demand surge. While we,
of course, have experienced some raw material constraints, these have had minimal impact on our ability
to meet demand. Coming into the crisis, there is more finished good inventory in the system both for us
and our retailers than there is today. The sustained level of consumer demand, coupled with our added
safety and flexibility measures, has put pressure on our manufacturing operations and service is stressed
in some areas. As we enter our typically largest quarters, we're expanding our workforce and increasing
manufacturing capacity through optimized scheduling, investments and partnerships. By the end of the
year, we will have added the equivalent of an additional plant of U.S. manufacturing capacity. We have
already passed the low points in our ability to meet demand and our service levels are improving weekly.
We're positioning ourselves for continued success and confident of our capabilities and our ability to meet
demand. I want to thank our supply chain employees for their remarkable efforts as well as our suppliers
and customers for their partnerships in this challenging operating environment.

Given this evolving operating environment, while we recognize we've had strong performance thus far in
2020, we are not providing guidance due to the high level of uncertainty driven by the COVID-19 crisis
for the balance of the year, including the variation in consumer comfort with respect to eating away from
home versus at home and its impact on consumption level; the pacing of restaurant and foodservice
locations fully reopening in our various geographic markets; and finally, the possible impact of any
resurgences of the COVID-19 virus. We're focused on execution and remain confident in our ability to
perform in this dynamic environment, as we have thus far, and continue on our growth trajectory. I'm

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

incredibly proud of the way McCormick has performed in these unprecedented times. And as the crisis
subsides, we will come out a better company by driving our long-term strategies, responding to changing
consumer behavior and capitalizing on opportunities from our relative strength.

Now I'd like to focus on our second quarter performance and business updates on consumer and flavor
solutions segments.

We have a broad and advantaged global flavor portfolio, as seen on Slide 7, which continues to position
us to meet the demand for flavor around the world and grow our business. The breadth and reach of our
portfolio across segments, geographies, channels, customers and product offerings creates a balanced
portfolio to drive consistency in our performance in a volatile environment, as evidenced by our second
quarter results. During the second quarter, the shift in consumer behavior to cooking and eating more at
home, or at-home consumption, drove a substantial increase in our consumer segment demand as well as
increases with our packaged food company customers in our flavor solutions segment. On the other hand,
we have seen a sharp decline in demand from our restaurant and other foodservice customers for the
away-from-home products in our portfolio, which historically has represented approximately 20% of our
total annual company sales. The impact of the shift to more at-home consumption varied by region due to
differing levels of away-from-home consumption in each. While we may experience temporary disruptions
in parts of our business, underlying consumer demand continues to underpin our growth. We are confident
that the breadth and reach of our portfolio will continue to differentiate McCormick and position us for
continued growth.

In addition to our advantaged portfolio, several other key factors, as seen on Slide 8, were underlying
McCormick's strength in the second quarter. First and foremost, consumers were finding comfort in the
brands they trust, and we are here today for them as we have been for over 130 years. We've pivoted
our messaging as needed and are connecting with our consumers to guide them and provide inspiration
for their flavorful cooking. We've responded to the significant disruption by capitalizing on our capabilities
across the organization, particularly our supply chain, sales force and marketing teams, as well as through
our collaboration and partnerships both internally and externally. We're all standing together to manage
through this crisis.

Now let me cover the highlights of our second quarter results, which speak to the value of our products
and to our capabilities as a company. Our exceptional second quarter performance was driven by the
substantial increase in demand for our consumer products as consumers sought great-tasting experiences
with rich, authentic flavor and healthy, high-quality ingredients when cooking more at home. Our
ability to meet the increased consumer demand and navigate through sharp declines in the away-
from-home products in our portfolio highlights our agility in responding to the disruptions we have all
experienced while importantly keeping our employees safe. Our results reflect our strong foundation
and the effectiveness of our strategies as well as the engagement of our employees around the world.
Together, we delivered considerable sales, operating income and earnings per share growth. Each metric
grew double digits in constant currency.

Starting with the top line. Second quarter sales increased 8% from the year ago period. In constant
currency, sales grew 10% mainly attributable to the higher volume and product mix in our consumer
segment, partially offset by the sharp volume declines in our flavor solutions segment. Adjusted operating
income increased 21%, including a 2% unfavorable impact from currency, and adjusted operating margin
expanded by 210 basis points. These results were driven by higher sales, favorable mix and savings from
our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement program or CCI.

Our second quarter adjusted earnings per share was $1.47, 27% higher than the year ago period of $1.16
driven primarily by our strong operating performance.

Our second quarter results were exceptional driven by our successful execution and enabled by the
positive fundamentals we have in place to manage through this period of volatility. The investments we've
made and the capabilities we have built, combined with our strong business model, prepared us to execute
from a position of strength. We have confidence in our strategies. Our underlying foundation is solid as we
remain committed to our long-term growth objectives.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

Now let me spend a few minutes on our business updates, starting on Slide 10 with our consumer
segment. Sales rose 26%, including a 2% unfavorable impact from currency. In constant currency, sales
grew 28%, significantly fueled by the COVID-19 crisis. Our pricing actions and growth plans were in place,
yielding results before the crisis. And those plans have remained in place, although some adjusted and
even strengthened, to execute in this challenging time and help our consumers and customers navigate
through it as well. In the Americas, our IRI data indicates our total McCormick U.S. branded portfolio
grew 55% during the second quarter, which is substantial and reflects the strength of our categories as
consumers cooked more at home. And in the data just released this past Tuesday for the week ended June
13, scanner sales for total U.S. McCormick-branded portfolio continued to be strong, growing 32%. While
we expect consumption will not continue at this highly elevated level of our second quarter, you can see it
is still strong, and we expect continued growth from an increase in consumer cooking at home to last for a
period of time.

Turning to our shipments. In constant currency, the Americas sales grew 36% during the second quarter.
The difference between the U.S. IRI scanner sales growth and our shipments can be attributed to a
few factors. First, depletion of inventories to meet the incredible surge in consumer demand. Next, an
increased level of pricing growth in the scanner data due to canceled promotions and channel shifts. And
lastly, while we had significant growth in Canada, Latin America and private label sales, they paced behind
the growth rate of the U.S. branded sales.

Focusing on the U.S. branded portfolio. Not only did our consumption grow, but we also gained share in
9 out of 11 categories, including spices and seasonings, dry recipe mixes, hot sauce and mustard. The
growth rates in the majority of our categories are outpacing the total store and center-of-store growth
rates. In fact, consumption in our portfolio during the second quarter grew twice the center-of-store rate.
Our categories are not what consumers think about when stocking up. They are the categories consumers
use to flavor the meals they cook at home. New and [ renovated ] products also contributed to our second
quarter sales growth, such as our dry recipe mixes updated for instant pot preparation, offering an even
more convenient solution; and our Frank's RedHot thick sauces, introducing Frank's flavor to dipping and
topping occasions. Later this year, we'll expand Frank's even further with the launch of frozen appetizers,
chicken bites and dips. And earlier this month, we relaunched our OLD BAY Hot Sauce with expanded
distribution just in time to heat up the summer.

With the retailer focus on keeping core items on retail shelves, there has been some slowdown in the
sell-in of our new product launches. But we're excited about the pipeline we will carry into next year, and
those that we have launched have gotten exceptional new trials. We're growing our household penetration
across our portfolio with a 16% increase compared to last year, which is millions of new households
gained, and a significant amount of trials from those households was across multiple categories. Spices
and seasonings, dry recipe mixes and hot sauce had the biggest gains, but even smaller brands like
Simply Asia grew significantly. And our rate of repeat buyers increased 11% during the quarter, which is
notable given that our repeat rate was already fairly robust.

During the quarter, we launched our new U.S. McCormick brand advertising campaign, It's Gonna Be
Great, which is the strongest-scoring campaign in our consumer testing history. This TV and digital
campaign is focused on consumer education of what to make, how to prepare it and build confidence in
the kitchen, which is all even more relevant now as consumers cook more at home. We continue to design
targeted media messaging to focus on cooking at home and drive growth. We're planning to increase our
brand marketing investments in the second half of this year. The speed and agility we gained with our
marketing excellence organization has proved invaluable as we turn insights into action and can pivot to
adjust our messaging even more efficiently and effectively to capture the moment. The team has rapidly
generated insights, creating and deploying new videos and tutorials that range from easy weeknight meals
using pantry staples to bread making and cocktails for virtual happy hours. This is critical to execute our
plans to create deeper connections with our consumers by bridging their physical and digital experience,
which is even more important today with consumers accelerating their online presence. Our consumers
are looking for help and inspiration in the kitchen, and we are here for them, with one of the ways being
our Flavor Maker app. Organic search visits to our mccormick.com site were up over 200% in the second
quarter versus last year, with consumers 18 to 34 years old driving the largest increase, searching for
recipes and to learn to cook. The younger generation continues to fuel the demand for flavor, and we're

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

executing on creative ways to connect with them. We're personalizing our interactions with consumers.
As we have been all home together, our McCormick chefs invited consumers into their home kitchens
through our new Cook With Us Instagram series, enabling one-to-one connection and putting a true face
to McCormick. Consumers are tagging McCormick with posts of their user-generated content, and we're
engaging with them, including incorporating some of their content into our own ads and providing users a
chance to win a personal virtual cooking class with one of our chefs.

And finally, it is essential to McCormick to support our communities, particularly at times of uncertainty.
Our marketing excellence organization has had tremendous success with their creativity and applied it
recently to not only connect with consumers but to make a difference in their lives. Today, we partnered
with actress Drew Barrymore and together hosted a virtual taco Tuesday night called #TacosTogether,
in the hopes of encouraging others to augment McCormick's $1 million donation and support the No Kid
Hungry campaign working to ensure children have reliable access to food during this ongoing pandemic.
#TacosTogether garnered over 800 million impressions across the media landscape, exceeding our own
expectations of our reach and importantly creating visibility to this vital cause. Overall, we are confident
all the initiatives we have underway will continue our growth trajectory both with our valued existing
consumers and those we are welcoming to our brands.

Now turning to EMEA. Our constant currency sales rose 26% with broad-based growth across the region
and market share gains in the majority of our categories in our significant markets. Growth in our Vahiné
brand in France was excellent, led by vanilla and baking products. Urban spice consumption was strong
in all markets driven by consumers cooking more at home to discovering they need our products for
great-tasting, healthy flavor solutions. The U.K. dry recipe mix category is attracting new shoppers, and
purchase frequency is increasing as consumers seek convenient solutions. And our new products are
driving the category growth, with the Schwartz brand continuing to gain share and retaining the leading
position we achieved last quarter. Our new product plans remain on track for the year across our EMEA
portfolio, and we continue to work closely with our customers to ensure that elevated consumer demand
will be met, even obtaining incremental placement for our branded portfolio with some retailers as other
manufacturers face supply challenges.

Our strong brand marketing campaigns and digital connections with the consumer contributed to our
second quarter growth and provided us with confidence for future growth. Early in the quarter, we quickly
shifted to increased digital advertising search and social investments across key brands and markets using
data-driven, real-time insights. For example, we created a social listening dashboard to understand the
changing needs and topics most relevant to our consumers during the COVID-19 crisis. With baking being
the highest-trending topic during the crisis, we partnered with culinary websites and capitalized on over
600 pieces of user-generated baking-at-home social content to increase our interaction with consumers.
[ What's providing ] even further relevance, we created cooking-at-home website sections with health
and wellness landing pages, including healthy recipes and blogger content, combined with content from
our BuzzFeed partnership, highlighting recipes and our products. For example, the 13 herbs and spices
everyone should have in their cupboard. Our execution of the baking and health campaigns drove over 20
million impressions each during the quarter.

Moving forward, we'll continue to capture the momentum we have gained and our relevance with EMEA
consumers through activation of similar programs, marketing campaigns highlighting product superiority,
culinary partnerships and our new product launches.

In the Asia Pacific region, our constant currency sales declined 13% driven by our China business in the
Hubei province, where our Wuhan operation is located, which had an extended lockdown into early April.
The Wuhan disruption negatively impacted APZ consumer growth by 26 percentage points. Declines in
branded foodservice products which are included in our consumer segment in China, outside of Wuhan,
also contributed to the sales decrease. Excluding these impacts, sales for the region would have increased,
reflecting the increase in consumer demand across the region related to the increase in cooking at home.

In China, the consumer business outside of Hubei province is strong with some products in our condiment
portfolio doubling or tripling their sales from the second quarter of last year. Convenient solutions are
being sought by consumers, driving growth of our recipe mixes, world flavor hot pot sauces as well as

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

herbs and spices. And we're leveraging our new product successes on our direct-to-consumer platform
and accelerating our new product launches such as launching our squeezable healthy oil salad dressings
in retail during our third quarter. In other parts of the region which are lagging China from a recovery
phase, we have broad-based growth and are gaining share in many categories. Across the entire region,
we're also meeting the consumer online and have pivoted our marketing plans toward value and scratch
cooking, whether it be through our Frank's RedHot TikTok fitness challenge in China, our chefs providing
inspiration and instruction on social media across the region or through our "keep calm and curry on"
campaign in Australia for helping our consumers and augmenting the growth potential of the shift to
cooking at home.

In all regions, consumers' digital engagement has increased significantly during stay-at-home periods,
and we've seen an acceleration of our e-commerce growth in all categories with second quarter triple-digit
growth, whether it be pure-play, click-and-collect or our own direct-to-consumer properties, in all of our
major markets. We expect the shift to online shopping behavior to continue, and we're well positioned for
it through the investments we've made and continue to make in this channel. Our consumer portfolio and
the plans we have in place are even more relevant today than they were before the crisis as we expect the
increase in at-home cooking to continue, which further bolsters our confidence that we will drive future
growth.

Turning to Slide 12 and our flavor solutions segment. Constant currency sales for the second quarter were
lower by 16% driven by the sharp declines in demand from restaurants and other foodservice customers
as away-from-home dining was significantly curtailed due to the COVID-19 restrictions, with a partial
offset from continued growth in sales to our packaged food customers.

Notwithstanding the COVID-19 impact, our underlying foundation is solid, and we've delivered strong sales
growth and margin expansion over the last few years, most recently 5% sales growth in the first quarter
of this year, and believe we would have continued our positive momentum.

In the Americas, our sales declined 13% in constant currency. While we experienced demand declines
across both branded foodservice and restaurant customers, branded foodservice had a more significant
impact as our away-from-home customer base in the Americas is skewed more to that channel. And our
quick service restaurant customers retained takeaway and delivery options, although with limited menus.
In flavor solutions, we're differentiated by our customer engagement. And while our plans always included
strengthening our intimacy this year, they were accelerated with some pivots by the COVID-19 crisis.
Through our culinary and marketing support, we've been helping our customers adapt to the changing
environment and eventually the new normal. From a culinary standpoint, we've developed virtual tools
and are collaborating with our customers to provide solutions such as modifying menus for carryout,
reinventing menu offerings with limited inventory and optimizing recipes for COVID-19 safety protocols.
And from a marketing perspective, we're leveraging the power of our brands like Frank's RedHot and
OLD BAY with strong promotional programs to help build menu excitement. Lastly, as many places will be
moving away from tabletop condiments, we are pivoting to portion-controlled packaging for dining and
carryout. We're also exploring other options to expand our portion-controlled offering further.

In EMEA, where we had expected the most significant rate of decline from the COVID-19 [ crisis ],
our sales were 31% lower at constant currency than last year. Our away-from-home customer base in
this region skewed more to QSRs. And in late March, most of those customers completely closed their
restaurants. Not even drive-thru or carryout remained open. As I mentioned earlier, many of the QSRs
adapted their models and reopened in June, offering limited menus for delivery and drive-thru while dine-
in remained closed. They've established aggressive recovery plans, and we are demonstrating our speed
and agility by scaling our operations back up and meeting customer demand on an accelerated timetable.

In the Asia Pacific region, due to the COVID-19 lockdowns, closures and curfews across the region,
outside of China, our constant currency sales declined 6%. China QSRs are largely open and we are
seeing momentum gain, with one QSR even launching a limited-time offer, which added to our sales this
quarter. Across the rest of the region, government COVID-19 measures varied as well as customers' ability
to adapt. While QSRs remained open in some capacity, the focus was on core items. For the balance of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

the year, we expect a reduced level from last year for our customers' limited-time offers, which are an
important growth driver in this region.

Moving forward, we continue to work with all our customers to manage through the recovery phase
as COVID-19 measures are lessened. The strong and differentiated partnerships we've built with our
customers enabled our robust collaboration to navigate through the second quarter. We will continue to do
so. We expect there will be a gradual recovery, as I mentioned earlier, and QSRs will recover more rapidly,
with the rest of foodservice building more slowly. Based on this, combined with our different mix of quick
service restaurants and other foodservice customers between regions, we believe the pace of recovery
of the away-from-home part of our business will vary from market to market. We are fully committed to
helping all of our customers resume their operations and expect the demand to return as the crisis passes,
similar to what we are seeing in China's recovery.

The duration of this current period is uncertain. The slow and evolving recovery process is dependent
on many factors, including restrictions being lifted, venues fully reopening and possible resurgences. We
have positive fundamentals in place to manage through this period of volatility. And with our confidence
in the successful execution of our strategies, we will continue on our long-term growth trajectory in flavor
solutions.

Now I'd like to provide a few summary comments, as seen on Slide 13, before turning it over to Mike.

At the foundation of our sales growth is the global and growing consumer demand for healthy, flavorful
cooking as well as transparency around the source and quality of ingredients and the desire to buy
heritage brands. This resonates even more today than ever before. Flavor continues to be an advantaged
global category, and we inspire flavor exploration across all markets through all channels and are aligned
with the consumers' demand for great taste, convenience, healthy options and digital engagement. Our
alignment with these long-term trends, our breadth and reach and our execution of effective strategies
position us well to meet increased consumer demand both through our products and through our
customers' products and drive sales growth. These long-term behaviors have not only remained intact
during the crisis but have been accelerated to even greater importance. No matter what, where or when
people are eating and drinking, it's likely flavored by McCormick, and we are proud our McCormick brands
are trusted by consumers and customers worldwide.

We are continuing to drive sales growth balanced with our focus on lowering costs to expand margins and
sustainably realize earnings growth. We have a solid foundation, and in an environment that continues
to be dynamic and fast paced, we're ensuring we remain agile, relevant and focused on long-term,
sustainable growth. Our experienced leaders and employees are executing on our strategies, which
are designed to build long-term value for our shareholders, while reacting to changes accordingly. We
delivered exceptional second quarter results during a period of great disruption, proving the strength of
our business model. Our strategies are effective in reinforcing our confidence that they will continue to
drive future growth. While we know the balance of the year will be impacted by an uncertain environment
and ongoing challenges, we're confident in the strength of our underlying foundation and performance.
I want to recognize McCormick employees around the world for driving our momentum and success and
thank them for their efforts, engagement and for adapting to this new environment.

Thank you for your attention, and it is now my pleasure to turn it over to Mike.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Lawrence, and good morning, everyone.

I'll begin now by providing some additional comments on our second quarter performance and then
discuss some of our expectations for the balance of the year.

Starting on Slide 15. During the second quarter, sales rose 10% in constant currency. Sales growth was
driven by substantially higher volume and mix in our consumer segment, offset by significant declines in
our flavor solutions segment. The consumer segment sales grew 28% in constant currency, led by the
Americas and EMEA regions. The shift to at-home consumption and cooking more at home has driven

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

substantial demand for our consumer products. Higher volume and mix primarily drove the increase with
pricing to partially offset cost inflation, also contributing.

On Slide 16. Consumer segment sales in the Americas increased 36% in constant currency versus the
second quarter of 2019. The increase was broad based with significant growth across the McCormick
branded portfolio, both in measured channels and e-commerce, as well as in private label products.
Additionally, the pricing actions we took late in the first quarter to offset increased costs also contributed
to the growth. In EMEA, constant currency consumer sales grew 26% from a year ago with higher volume
and mix in all countries across the region. The most significant growth drivers were our Vahiné homemade
dessert products in France, our Schwartz- and Ducros-branded spices and seasonings and our Schwartz
dry recipe mixes. Consumer sales in Asia Pacific declined 13% in constant currency driven by the extended
disruption in Wuhan, which, as Lawrence mentioned, drove a decrease of 26 percentage points to the
region's consumer sales. This decline was partially offset by increased consumer demand across the
region, led by condiments in China and broad-based Australia growth as well as strong e-commerce
growth.

Turning to our flavor solutions segment in Slide 19. Second quarter constant currency sales decreased
16%, reflecting declines in the away-from-home products in our portfolio across all regions. In the
Americas, flavor solutions constant currency sales declined 13% driven by significantly lower sales to
branded foodservice customers in addition to quick service restaurants. Partially offsetting the decline
were increased sales to packaged food companies and pricing to offset cost increases. In EMEA, constant
currency sales declined 31%. The decline was driven by a significant reduction in sales to quick service
restaurant customers, in addition to lower branded foodservice sales, partially offset by sales growth
with packaged food companies and pricing to offset cost increases. In the Asia Pacific region, flavor
solutions sales declined 6% in constant currency. The decline was primarily driven by the COVID-19-
related lockdowns and closures in countries outside of China.

As seen on Slide 23, adjusted operating income, which excludes special charges, increased 21% in the
second quarter versus the year ago period. In constant currency, adjusted operating income grew by 23%
and was driven by substantial growth in the consumer segment, partially offset by a significant decline
in the flavor solutions segment. Adjusted operating income in the consumer segment grew 68% to $232
million. The increase in constant currency of 70% was driven by higher sales and CCI-led cost savings. In
the flavor solutions segment, adjusted operating income declined 63% to $29 million or 61% in constant
currency. The decrease was attributable to lower sales and an unfavorable impact from manufacturing
costs resulting from lower production volumes, with a partial offset from CCI-led cost savings.

Gross profit margin expanded 230 basis points in the second quarter versus the year ago period driven
primarily by favorable product mix resulting from the sales shift between segments and CCI-led cost
savings, with a partial offset from higher manufacturing costs. Adjusted operating margin expanded by
210 basis points driven by the gross margin expansion.

Turning to income taxes on Slide 25. Our second quarter adjusted effective income tax rate was 18% and
was favorably impacted by discrete tax items primarily related to refinements to our entity structure. Our
rate in the year ago period was 18.9% and was also favorably impacted by discrete tax items, principally
stock options exercises.

Income from unconsolidated operations was $10 million in the second quarter, a 7% increase from the
second quarter of 2019.

At the bottom line, as shown on Slide 27, second quarter 2020 adjusted earnings per share was $1.47
as compared to $1.16 for the year ago period. The increase was driven by a higher adjusted operating
income performance and lower interest expense. This increase also includes an unfavorable impact from
foreign currency exchange rates.

On Slide 28, we summarize highlights for cash flow and the quarter-end balance sheet. Our cash flow
provided from operations was $356 million for the second quarter of 2020, a 13% increase compared
to $314 million in the first half of 2019 and was driven by higher net income. We continue to see
improvements in our cash conversion cycle, finishing the second quarter at 36 days, down 6 days versus

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

our 2019 fiscal year-end. We are projecting another year of strong cash flow. We returned $165 million of
cash to shareholders through dividends and used $87 million for capital expenditures this period.

In April, we raised $500 million through the issuance of a 10-year bond with a 2.5% interest rate. We
took the opportunity in a low interest rate environment to further bolster our liquidity position in a
volatile marketplace. Our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of cash: making investments to
drive growth, including through acquisitions; returning a significant portion to our shareholders through
dividends; and to pay down debt.

Let's now move to our outlook discussion and some of our expectations for the balance of the year, as
seen on Slide 29. As a reminder, we withdrew the guidance that we issued in January during our first
quarter earnings call in late March, and we expected to resume guidance on this earnings call. While we
recognize we have had strong performance thus far in 2020, we still have our typically largest quarters
remaining, and there continues to be a high level of uncertainty around the pace and shape of the
COVID-19 recovery and potential resurgences of the pandemic, as Lawrence mentioned. We have been
running scenarios based on various assumptions, and given the wide range of possible outcomes, we are
not providing guidance at this time. I would like to, however, highlight some current expectations and
provide assumptions to help with modeling for the balance of the year.

First, we expect the shift in consumer consumption will continue and the increased preference for cooking
at home will be sustained, although not at the same elevated level as the second quarter, favorably
impacting our consumer segment. In the flavor solutions segment, we expect the demand from our
packaged food customers to return to the pre-COVID-19 levels with continued variability by customer. We
believe the away-from-home part of our flavor solutions portfolio is beginning to recover. We expect the
performance to rebound gradually throughout the second half of the year; however, not returning to the
same level as last year.

As discussed in our previous earnings call, we continue to project the COVID-19 impact in China will
reduce our total global net sales growth by 1% to 2% for the year. We continue to expect mid-single-digit
inflationary pressures, CCI savings of approximately $105 million and a mid-single-digit increase in brand
marketing investments.

In the first half of the year, our gross margin was favorably impacted by a higher mix of consumer
segment sales. We do expect this mix shift to continue but not to the same extent in the second half of
the year. We realized incremental COVID-19 costs in the second quarter and expect them to continue in
the second half of the year, more heavily weighted in the third quarter rather than the fourth quarter.
We are anticipating a negative impact on our full year financial results from foreign exchange rates.
And finally, our income from unconsolidated operations is expected to be significantly impacted by the
unfavorable foreign currency rates. And as a result, we are projecting a high to mid-single-digit decline.

As Lawrence mentioned, we are focused on execution and are ready to perform in this dynamic
environment as we have done thus far, no matter what the scenario. We are confident that we will manage
through this period of volatility and continue on our growth trajectory.

I'd like to now turn it back to Lawrence for some additional remarks before we move to your questions.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Mike.

Now that Mike has shared our financial results and 2020 expectations in more detail, I would like to recap
the key takeaways as seen on Slide 30.

Our second quarter played out during an extraordinary period, and our results speak to the value of
our products and to our capabilities as a company. Our ability to execute during the volatility of the
quarter highlights our agility, strong foundation and engagement of our people. We will emerge a stronger
company by focusing on our long-term strategies, responding to the changing consumer behavior and
capitalizing on global and growing consumer trends, which have further accelerated during the crisis.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

We're confident in our ability to perform in this dynamic environment and continue on our growth
trajectory. Our commitment to our long-term financial objectives has not changed. We are sustainably
positioned for growth and will continue to deliver differentiated results.
Now let's turn to your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

On the outlook slide for the balance of the year, you talked about expecting elevated consumer segment
demand for a period of time and yet the sales for the -- to the packaged food players within your flavor
solutions business to return to pre-COVID-19 levels. And on the face of it, those 2 would seem maybe
a little contradictory because if there's elevated demand in your branded business, we would think we'd
see elevated demand to other packaged food customers as well. Is it something with your customer mix
maybe in terms of the -- those customers in flavor solutions? Or is there potentially a little conservatism
there if the broader sort of consumer packaged food landscape remains somewhat elevated on an ongoing
basis, if you see what I'm getting at?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

I do see exactly what you're getting at, Andrew. And by the way, for you and for all of the participants on
the call, we're sitting here with face masks on. And so if we're a little bit muffled and hard to understand,
please let us know and we'll try to speak up. The mix of customers within that sector is one of the factors,
and there is a tremendous variability between our different customers, some of whom are still up solid
double digits and others of whom who are down. There are a number -- for each one of them, there's a
story that goes along with that. For some, they are also impacted by sales to foodservice and convenience
store channels that have been depressed and are not up to current performance. Others -- some of them
are beverage manufacturers who also have sales that cut across both the at-home and away-from-home
channels. And many, I'll say, if not all, have curtailed some of their innovation and a focus on a core group
of items in order to meet the demand from the retail side of the business, which has also, in some cases,
contributed to an impact on us. We did see an initial big surge from those customers during the stock-up
period and as they adjusted their supply chains, but we've seen that steadily settle as we've gone through
the quarter. So we do expect that to gradually return to a more normal rate. I'll also add, Andrew, that
one of the things that's different about McCormick versus the rest of the industry is that for most of our
products, herbs, spices, seasonings...

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Condiments...

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Condiments like mustard and RedHot, Frank's RedHot, it doesn't matter whether the consumer cooked the
product at home or if they purchased it at a restaurant through takeaway, and part of the new normal for
foodservice broadly is going to be a greater proportion of it being for a drive-thru takeaway away from
premise consumption. And Frank's doesn't care if you brought it at home or if you cooked it at home.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Well, that Frank's thick buffalo ranch sauce, I can tell you, is being consumed like it's water with my
college-age son here at home. So [ I'll agree with that ].

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

Well, thank you. We appreciate every package. Our...

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

[ Or it's a salad dressing too ].

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. It's a great salad dressing. The trial we've gotten on the new products we've launched has really been
one of the long-term benefits that we've gotten from the crisis.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Two from me. One, you talked about, I think the phrase you said was, canceled promotions. Many
companies we talk to are talking about promotions being delayed to the back half of the year. You used
the word canceled. It may just be semantics, but I was just curious if you feel those promotions will not
necessarily come back in the back half of the year. So I just wanted to get your color on what you're
seeing from the environment on -- in the deal space -- from [ deal bag ] space. And then the second
question, for Mike. Mike, you talked about the tax rate benefiting from entity structure refinements in the
slides. Can you just give us a little more color on what those are and how they might affect your tax rate
going ahead?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Ken, I'll take the first part of that on the promotional activity, and I will gladly let Mike handle the tax
question.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Are you sure you don't want the tax question?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

The -- I want to make sure that we're really clear on this point. We're definitely leaning into our brands
through this crisis. Our brand-building activity through our engagement with consumers, our advertising,
be it through traditional channels or through social and digital marketing, has not only not been curtailed,
but we've ramped those up. Consumers are very interested in cooking right now, and we want to take
advantage of that interest, get as much trial on our brands as possible, and it's part of us coming out of
this as a stronger company. The promotional matters are a little bit different. Now with the huge surge in
demand, we've had to try to manage that demand. And so curtailing our promotions and, in some cases,
canceling promotions has been part of managing through that huge surge in demand. We have, in our
U.S. business, had a sustained surge and pull and growth in demand. I don't know what -- I don't really
want to call it a surge because it's not pantry loading. It's consumption over 50% across the quarter, and
there just wasn't that much stock in our supply chain. So we did, working with our customers, curtail
promotions. And in some cases, they are genuinely canceled. I mean we cannot go back and repeat some
Memorial Day grilling promotions that we canceled. Those aren't going to happen. We are in a stronger, I'd
say, supply position today, and we are reinstating our promotional activities. But through -- I would say
through May, we largely suspended trade promotion activity...

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

From a tax perspective, Ken, I mean -- and just to take you back. I mean our underlying tax rate globally
is about 24% to 25%. That really goes up and down based on geographic mix. But we do give view when
we have visibility to discrete items, such as some of these legal restructurings we do. And we talked about
earlier in January, even though it's underlying 24% to 25%, we said for the year it would be around 22%
because of some of the things we're doing. As a global company, through a lot of our global entities we've
been -- built through acquisitions -- and as you make acquisitions globally, there's tax strategies that
happen later on to take advantage of losses, gains around the world. So we have a great tax team that
works on these things. And it's -- you can probably teach a commerce class on this stuff, but it's very
complicated. But it's really taking advantage of some of the global infrastructure we have, and we give you
insight when we know those things can happen.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Ken, before we...

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So the -- yes. I'm sorry.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Go ahead. Did you have any follow-up on the tax question? Because I want to come back to promotion for
a second.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I hate to say I do, but I do. Just very quickly, Mike. I guess the implication is we should not be modeling
anything necessarily unusual going ahead in terms of a reversal of that. Is that the takeaway?

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

No. Definitely not. No. 100% no.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Right, right. Ken, just one more point on the promotion. So even with the -- I mean the lift that we're
seeing in Nielsen and IRI and the share gains are coming in spite of the curtailment of promotion. I just
wanted to put that point out there.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I was hoping you could zero in a little more on the inventory deloading that you saw in U.S. retail. You
mentioned that as one of the factors explaining the discrepancy between consumer -- consumption growth
and shipments. Do you have any sense of like how many weeks of inventory you're down versus normal?
And what's the plan for the back half of the year? Are you going to try to reinstate inventory levels back to
normal? Or is it just kind of like hand-to-mouth out for a while?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

I think -- yes. So I'm going to say that, first of all, this [ reduction ] in inventory is not a plan by the
retailer. Supply chains have been challenged to keep up with the surge in demand. It's been a challenge
for us, primarily on manufacturing capacity in the Americas. And it's been a challenging time for the
retailers because of the surge in demand and their ability to actually receive product. And for a good part
of this quarter, they were prioritizing things like paper products and sanitation products, which are pretty
bulky, and so all of their time and ability to receive hasn't always -- has always allowed us to replenish
inventories.

But we're -- at least there's a 1-week delay between the purchase and the restock signal. So there's
certainly at least a week that's been taken out of trade inventories. And retailers definitely are wanting
to get in better supply. You can see it in scanner data because the points of distribution are down. That's
reflecting in out-of-stock situations. So we want to get that replenished, and we're working towards that.
Our ability to service this demand was really good in the initial weeks. But as it continued at a sustained
rate, it really dipped as we went through May. And we took a lot of steps to initially expand our -- just our
logistics capabilities and capacity to meet the surge in demand and then shifted -- and then -- and as we
debottlenecked that, our manufacturing capacity became the pressure point.

So we've taken steps to add workforce. We have optimized the schedules. And by the -- really by the
fourth quarter, we'll either be 24/7 or 24/5 at all of our facilities not just in the U.S. but around the world.
We've made some short-term capital investments around blending capacity. And we've brought on,
frankly, some more co-manufacturer as strategic partners in order to meet the surge in demand. So we're
really past the low point in our ability to service the customers, which we hit right around the end of the
quarter, and our service has been improving week by week since then. And we think we're going to be in
a -- that we're going to be in good position to meet the demand. And this inventory will be restored to the
system, which it'll be a driver of some volume growth in the rest of the year. But the real key is just what
happens with consumer demand and how strong is that strong preference for cooking at home continues
for the rest of the year.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

And if I can ask a follow-up to that. Is it the time of year right now where you start talking to retailers
about merchandising for the holiday season? And what will you normally tell them that would be different
this time versus what you might have told them in the past?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. That conversation is ongoing right now because, of course, retailers are concerned about supply for
the holiday season. And that -- right now, we believe that we're going to be in a good position to meet,
[ the studies say ], fourth quarter demand that is very strong, and that's what we're guiding our retailers
to.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. The good news, Rob, is our holiday items tend to be longer runs and more efficient for us to produce.
It's a different set than being produced now. So that gives us some opportunity there.

Operator

Our next question is coming from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Okay. So 2 questions. Firstly, given that a consumer would only use a little out of a full spice jar to make a
single meal, what gives you the confidence that we won't see a sharp slowdown in sales in consumer once
those shoppers have fully stocked up on the range of different prices that they need for their repertoire
recipes for cooking from scratch? I guess I'm asking could there be a temporary onetime cliff at some

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

point. And then my second question is more broadly, given Dr. Fauci's recent comments about how chronic
health conditions have contributed to the disproportionate impacts of COVID-19 on the African-American
community in the U.S., how are you thinking about systemic issues like food deserts or a food apartheid
and the role that McCormick and the food system more broadly can play in addressing these problems
with racial injustice?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Those are 2 very different questions, and that last question has a number of different facets to it. So I'm
going to try to tackle both of those. First of all, many of our products are single use. I mean a big part of
the surge in demand that we're seeing is from our dry recipe mixes, for example, which would be a single-
use product. Our wet marinades are single use. And just the sheer level of increase in cooking says that
consumers are going through their spice supply. I mean it's not -- I mean we've had a very high level of
repeat purchase during the -- even during the second quarter. So consumers -- we're getting certainly
new trial, but we've had an 11% increase in repeat buyer rate at the same time that we've had a 16%
increase in household penetration. And you know how that works. Usually, when your penetration goes
up, your repeat rate goes down for a period of time because you're bringing in lighter users. This has been
-- I mean there's a high level of usage. And we don't see any evidence at all that consumers have built
inventory in their pantries. It's just not a stock-up category. We're a usage category...

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

You don't buy 3 bottles of cinnamon.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Right. People are worried that they're going to run out of cinnamon and so they buy 3 bottles the way they
might buy 3 packs of toilet paper. And so we believe that consumers are buying for their immediate use
and consumption, and we do not believe that there's going to be any kind of consumer need to destock.
And I'll go even further out on that, that our own survey data, because we're doing a weekly tracker
with consumers, show that most consumers only have a week or 2 of food on hand. And so they are not
stocked up on [indiscernible] food.

Now on the question of food deserts and healthful eating and social justice, I want to -- I could make
a speech on this, and I actually have quite a few times, but I'll try not to make too big a speech out
of it. But first of all, our portfolio is generally advantaged in terms of health and wellness. Most of the
products that we sell are inherently good for you, in herbs and spices, for example, and are either low
or no in things like salt, sugar and fats. And they're available at a full range of price points and we sell
in all channels. But we're really widely accessible to people whatever their income level or wherever
they're located. And even where they can't get to a store, our e-commerce and digital efforts allow
access through delivery directly to their home. And in fact, in economically hard times also, we tend to
outperform, which just shows that our products are valued. As we've gone through this crisis, we have
always supported food banks. And as we've gone through this crisis, we've supported food banks in about
20 countries. And we introduced restaurant relief funds in cities like Baltimore and New Orleans, where
we have significant operations ourselves and where those industries are meaningful employers and are
really suffering. And our total support of food-related charities during this crisis has been about $2 million.
We've made a $1 million pledge early on, but we've substantially exceeded that pledge. Now Alexia,
there's a much broader issue of social justice, systemic racism, and McCormick, I believe, is one of the
good guys on this issue. One of our foundational principles as a company is the power of people, and
we're founded on the principle of respect for the individual and have long-standing programs to make sure
that underrepresented groups have full opportunities for professional fulfillment within the company. And
I think we set first internally an example with women and minorities and LGBTQ employees and other
underrepresented groups to make sure that they are represented in McCormick's leadership, all the way
up to a very diverse set -- a very diverse Board of Directors, which includes 4 women, 2 blacks, 1 North
African and a Latina, so -- and we've been well recognized externally for this. We're one of DiversityInc's

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

top 50 in terms of employment opportunities for minority and women and other underrepresented groups.
The second thing is that we've spoken out publicly and have really taken some public stance that have
generated some not always favorable response back to me personally. But we've taken public stance,
so both internal and external messages from the company and from me personally, against racism,
discrimination, injustice; and explicitly in support of Black Lives Matter. So we have spoken out on this
issue. And beyond speaking, it's important to have action. And we have strong development programs for
women and especially in the U.S. minorities, and we have committed incremental funding to combat racial
injustice, provide food and health care, back to your original question, and other essential services to the
-- to black communities. So I hope that's a fulsome answer, and I'd be happy to follow up with you.

Operator

The next question is from the line of Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.

Faiza Alwy
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

So I wanted to first just follow up on the supply chain. I think you had mentioned in your prepared
remarks that there were some raw materials where you're seeing some pressure. So just wanted to get
more color on that. And then I have a follow-up.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Great. Well, I'll be glad to say that, first of all, I don't want to create a misperception, so I'm really glad
you asked that question. I think that global sourcing has actually been one of the bright spots for us
and has been a real differentiator that has enabled us to win through this situation. We have very early
insights into that sourcing might be a pressure point because of our operations in Wuhan, which -- so we
saw this crisis coming right at the beginning, and we began developing contingency plans and alternative
sourcing all the way back in January. And I think we spoke about this on our year-end call and in some
subsequent media in the first week of February. So this has been a real win for us. Any supply chain in
any industry will have been challenged going through this. And so there have been a rolling series of
challenges, but I will say that our ability to source raw materials and packaging has not had a material
impact on our service, and we think that we are very much advantaged in this area. [ Mike, do you want
to jump in ]?

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. As we've talked in the past, we source over 14,000 raw materials and packaging items globally. So --
and as Lawrence said, we really have not had any significant shortages in sales due to that.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

And scale is an advantage in this. We are really the only, I will say, only company with the scale to be
able to have the resources on the ground, in the actual sourcing areas for some of these raw materials,
especially the most important ones. And that has proven invaluable as we've been able to work locally
with local suppliers in emerging markets where many of our raw materials come from, work with the local
suppliers, local logistics and local authorities to keep our raw materials flowing...

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

When you see headlines like when the COVID hits in India and they're shutting down the country, our
global supply chain, they want to work with those people to get our products out. So they have done a
great job.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

Yes.

Faiza Alwy
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then just the new U.S. capacity addition that you had talked about. I'm curious if this
is something that you had planned on doing that you were able to accelerate into this year. And I guess
the real underlying question is, how are you thinking about long-term demand outside of just what's
happening with COVID right now and the lap next year? I mean do you think you're creating sort of a new
generation of people who enjoy cooking or have at least gotten comfortable with it? Just your perspective
around long-term demand would be helpful.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Sure. Well, on the supply chain side, I'll take that part first, we did not anticipate that we would
have this much growth in demand this year. And so these -- the things that we're doing in our U.S. --
particularly in our U.S. manufacturing to create additional capacity are all new things that we're doing in
response to an incredible dynamic situation. We do have a long-term capital plan. We do actually have
spoken externally...

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

We talked at CAGNY about it, building the supply chain of the future.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Exactly. And that for the past 3 years, our real focus from a capital standpoint has been building our
capacity and capabilities in Asia and other emerging markets and that, beginning this year, we were
pivoting back to Western Europe and the U.S. specifically. And so we do have some, a number of big
projects underway, and this will only accelerate our thinking in that space. As far as the demand creation
goes, right now, we really believe that consumers are going to continue to cook at home more for an
extended period of time, which is going to be constructive to our growth. And further, the new normal for
restaurants is going to involve more takeout consumption at home, as I mentioned in an earlier question.

And that's also going to be constructive for our consumer brands of herbs, spices, seasonings and
condiments. The gains that we're getting in share and household penetration, which, by the way,
translates to millions of new households, and the increased repeat rates that we're seeing all say that
consumers are trying our brands. They like them enough to buy them again and they're clearly having
good experiences that for many of them are going to be the new habit. Everybody has been cooking at
home more and found it to be easy, fun and economical.

Operator

The next question is from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Appreciate the time this morning and all the color you've given. I just want to ask, first of all, 2, I think,
pretty easy questions. Have you rationalized your SKUs during this time? Are you focusing more on those
core items? And then what has it done to shelf space was one of my questions. And then the second
question was just the COVID-related costs in the quarter. And I think you indicated they were going to be
peaking in the third quarter. Just does that mean they're higher than the second quarter, in Q3? And then
kind of how to think about what that -- if you can, that level of costs overall.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

So I'll take the first part of that and let Mike speak to the COVID costs. But the -- in terms of SKUs, we
have prioritized our top-selling SKUs in order to maximize our throughput and service to the customer,
which has meant that there's a group of, I call them, secondary SKUs that have -- that neither -- where
we've either suspended production or have -- just have curtailed production to a more as-available basis.
And we needed to do that to give us longer runs on the top sellers. And we've done that in cooperations
with retailers. We are -- as our capacity grows, we're adding those back, but we did do some SKU
management.

Now I'd say one of the learnings that we've got going through this and which our retailers have gotten as
well is that SKU rationalization does bring some benefits in terms of efficiency and reduction of complexity.
And so I think that coming out of this, some of these SKUs, we'll probably not ever put back into service.
And many retailers are also taking a look at their assortment and will probably carry a lower assortment
going forward. I think they're also not just evaluating their SKUs, they're evaluating the brands that
they carry. I think that retailers are going to want to simplify that business, and they're finding that
some of the small brands that they were carrying add unnecessary duplication and complexity and just
plain [ aren't important ]. And I think that's contributing to the share gains that we're seeing. I think
this is going to give us a lot more traction in the second half of the year, particularly with our category
management initiatives and the aisle reinvention program that we've got for herbs and spices.

Mike, do you want to take...

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Chris, on the COVID costs, we estimate we're going to spend in the $30 million range from a cost of goods
sold perspective for the year, really split between the second and third quarter. We don't see a lot in the
fourth quarter. That's pretty uncertain now, depending on the how long COVID lasts. But I would just think
that second and third quarter will be the biggest spend for things like essential pay we've had for our
essential workers in the plants and DCs, paid leaves, a lot of PPEs we've had to buy, some small inventory
write-offs. But think about it as second and third quarter impact.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

And just to be clear on that, Mike. There was a comment about 3Q being larger than 4Q, but does that
necessarily mean that 3Q is larger than 2Q? Or is 2Q sort of the highest level of the year and then they
kind of -- still higher but lower in Q3?

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

I'd say they're roughly the same.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Peter Galbo from Bank of America.

Peter Thomas Galbo
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just one from me. Mike, in the press release this morning, there was quite a bit of discussion around
just fixed cost leverage and deleverage associated with the higher and lower volumes in the 2 kind of
parent segments. I guess just is there any way to dimension for us how much of the margin improvement
or the deleverage was due to that fixed cost leverage as we think about it going forward? The volumes
will obviously still be up in consumer but maybe not as much, and just that can help us from a modeling
perspective on the margins.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

Okay. Peter, I'll answer this. And Peter, you've read the book by Charles Dickens of A Tale of Two Cities.
This is really the tale of 2 segments. From a consumer perspective, obviously, with those huge volume
increases, we've got a lot of great fixed leverage. On the other side, flavor solutions, we did not. For the
company, it was really not that positive overall. What you're seeing at the gross margin line, a good --
over half of that increase is due to the segment mix as consumer has higher margins than flavor solutions
at the gross margin line and the operating margin line. So I wouldn't -- it all depends on over the next 6
months what happens with that consumer demand and flavor solutions demand. But I would -- it was not
a significant impact overall for the company from a fixed leverage perspective, especially as we had some
of the additional manufacturing-related COVID costs in Q2.

Operator

Our final question today comes from the line of David Driscoll from DD Research.

David Christopher Driscoll
DD Research LLC

Okay, I'll try to make it a good one. I do want to follow up on the margins. I want to say that the biggest
variance that I think that happened in my model versus your actuals and consensus, for that matter, was
the differential on margins, Mike. So I want to go back over it, right? Sales up 8%, operating income up
21%. Specifically in that consumer segment, margin is up 600 basis points, maybe a little more than that,
and volume up 25%. So I really like this volume leverage point that was just brought up a second ago,
and I know you blended it with the whole company. But if we just stay focused on the consumer segment
for a moment, is it fair that the consumer segment was benefited by substantial volume leverage? I know
[ where ] the volume leverage probably works the other way in the other segment, but I'd just like to
talk about consumer for a moment. Would it be fair to say that that's the #1 point driving the consumer
margin improvement?

And then honestly, the real point of all of this is to try to understand how to project forward. Your quarters
have a lot of seasonality in terms of margins. If you were to get the same 25-point pop to volumes in
Q3 in consumer that you got in Q2, could we just add 600 basis points to the consumer margin? Or is
there some funny seasonal effects that would reduce those types of leverage? I just get worried about
the seasonal pattern on your margins and how we might think about these factors given such tremendous
impacts in the current quarter. Sorry for the long question.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. No, generally -- and I'll answer this and Lawrence can add to it. Generally, we build margins
throughout the year in the -- I'll speak about consumer now. I mean the fourth quarter is generally our
highest-margin business due to those holiday items. The second quarter was pretty extraordinary. There
was a lot of leverage coming through to consumer due to the huge increases, I mean, double-digit -- high
or mid-double-digit, meaning 50% in some cases, of increases. I'd be a little careful, though, because
things -- like if you look at A&P, for example. A&P for the company was up 1%, and a couple more percent
for consumer. Now that being -- and we're going to heavy-up more in the second half, but -- to get to that
mid-single-digit guidance we've given. However, even though we didn't spend a huge percentage, things
like working media are up double digits globally. Some of our CCI savings are coming through in A&P, so
we're actually really leaning into A&P. But you'll see that A&P line increase in the second 6. So that will
take that 600 basis points down by some number. We had really good product mix in the quarter as well
as segment mix within the consumer side, good product mix too. I'd just be a little careful about trying to
take the second quarter and expand it out to the year...

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

I also want to emphasize that we're not giving guidance because there's so much uncertainty, and I don't
want to sort of run away with saying too much about gross margin here because that's getting us into
an area of maybe providing more guidance than we are prepared to. But certainly, the mix between the
segments, to the extent that there is more consumption at home and less away from home, is going to
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

be a benefit to our margins and correspondingly that we'll have leverage on the -- or deleverage based on
those volume trends.

David Christopher Driscoll
DD Research LLC

And then guys, if I can just sneak in one last one -- sorry, go ahead.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

No, no, no. that was good. Go ahead.

David Christopher Driscoll
DD Research LLC

Okay. No, the other one, just because this is -- I think it's reasonably important and hard to model. In
your EMEA business, you've talked about the impact of QSRs, and that in Europe it was just all but shut
down in this past quarter. Where does it stand today? And do we -- is it reasonable to think that those
quick service restaurants are going to be doing plenty of drive-thru and takeouts? And so that business
sees -- your business sees a substantial improvement because you're just not in total lockdown like you
were in this past quarter. So I feel like there's a big variance coming right there, but pull me back if that's
something...

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

I think -- no, no, I think we've pointed to that. And actually, I thought we've tried to get that clear in the
remarks but may -- our remarks were extraordinarily long, and I apologize for that. The restaurant -- the
quick service restaurants in Europe did completely close down at the end of March. I think it was that --
I'm not speaking [ out of ] school. [ Or there are ] customers, and so I don't want to get into guiding for
their business. But all of their CEOs have been out publicly saying that they were closed. So that's out
there. But they also all reopened in June and heavily towards drive-thru and pickup, but they have pretty
much all reopened in the month of June. So I would expect to see that better in the third -- in our third
quarter. And I'll say the challenge -- I'll just mention, when we talk about supply chain, this is one of the
challenges that we've had and where we've had to really be nimble and responsive because they shut
down with a few days' notice to us, completely idling a facility, and then they literally started back up with
about a week's notice to us and so we had to get cranked up. And we've worked our way through it with
them.

Operator

At this time, I will hand the call back to Lawrence Kurzius for closing comments.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Great. Well, thank you, everyone, for your questions and for participating in today's call. And I realize that
it did go a bit long, and I thank you for your patience.

McCormick is a global leader in flavor, and we're differentiated by the broad and advantaged portfolio
which continues to drive growth. We have a growing and profitable business with a balanced portfolio
that drives consistency in our performance in the volatile environment in which we currently operate.
We deliver flavor to all markets and channels while responding readily to changes in industries and the
world with new ideas, innovation and purpose. One of the most significant risks to any company is being
unprepared to respond with agility to a significant, unexpected disruption. We're all experiencing that
disruption now, and McCormick is well prepared to not only manage through it but to emerge from it
stronger. With a relentless focus on growth, performance and people, we're confident our strategies will
enable us to become even better positioned to drive future growth and build long-term value for our
shareholders.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

Kasey A. Jenkins
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Lawrence, and thanks to all for joining today's call. If you have any further questions regarding
today's information, please reach out to me.
This concludes this morning's call. Thank you, have a good day, and I hope everyone stays healthy and
safe.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 25, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

