McCormick & Company, Incorporated 

NYSE:MKC
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, January 28, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.61

1.61

0.00

1.11

5.35

5.35

0.00

5.54

1517.16

1484.80

(2.11 %)

1270.58

5378.15

5347.40

(0.56 %)

5541.08

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-28-2020 12:56 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

1.04

1.08

1.29

1.61

1.12

1.16

1.46

1.61

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7.69 %

7.41 %

13.18 %

0.00 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Kasey A. Jenkins
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Steven A. Strycula
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Faiza Alwy
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Peter Thomas Galbo
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

Presentation

Kasey A. Jenkins
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning. This is Kasey Jenkins, Vice President of McCormick Investor Relations. Thank you
for joining today's Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. To accompany this call, we posted a set of slides at
ir.mccormick.com. [Operator Instructions]

We'll begin with remarks from Lawrence Kurzius, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mike Smith, Executive
Vice President and CFO.

During our remarks, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. These include information in
constant currency as well as adjusted operating income, adjusted income tax rate and adjusted earnings
per share that exclude the impact of special charges as well as the net nonrecurring income tax benefit
associated with the December 2017 U.S. tax reform legislation, and for 2018, transaction and integration
expenses related to the acquisition of our Frank's and French's brands. Reconciliations to the GAAP results
are included in this morning's press release and slides.

In our comments, certain percentages are rounded. Please refer to our presentation which includes the
complete information.

In addition, as a reminder, today's presentation contains projections and other forward-looking
statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes
no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new
information, future events or other factors. As seen on Slide 2, our forward-looking statement also
provides information on risk factors that could affect our financial results.

It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Lawrence.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Kasey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us.

Starting on Slide 4. Our fourth quarter results completed a year of solid financial performance. We drove
solid sales, adjusted operating income and adjusted EPS growth as well as operating margin expansion
while continuing to make targeted investments and fuel future growth. We delivered substantial cost
savings at our eighth consecutive year of record cash flow. Our sales growth and focus on profit realization
drove strong financial results across both our consumer and flavor solutions segments and reflects the
successful execution of our strategies and the engagement of our employees around the world.

We have a broad and advantaged global flavor portfolio, as seen on Slide 5, which continues to position
us to meet the demand for flavor around the world and grow our business. This morning, you will hear
about our 2019 accomplishments which were driven by successes across the portfolio. Our investments in
new products, brand marketing, capabilities and infrastructure continue to drive growth. The breadth and
reach of our portfolio across segments, geographies, channels, customers and product offerings creates a
balanced portfolio to drive consistency in our performance in a volatile environment.

Our highlights for the year include, in our consumer segment, strong U.S. branded growth and double-
digit e-commerce growth across all regions. And in our flavor solutions segment, we continue to win with
customers, driving base business and new product growth with Europe, Middle East and Africa, our EMEA
region, driving particularly strong performance. Overall, we're confident that our -- that the breadth and
reach of our portfolio continues to position us to fully meet the demand for flavor around the world and
grow our business. Heading into 2020, I'm confident our operating momentum will continue.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

This morning, I'll begin with our fourth quarter results, reflect on our 2019 achievements and then share
with you some of our 2020 business momentum and plans. After that, I'll turn it over to Mike, who will go
in more depth on the quarter-end results and the details of our 2020 guidance.

Let's start with our fourth quarter results on Slide 6. Starting with our top line, versus the year-ago
period, we grew sales 1% for the total company including a 1% unfavorable impact from currency. In
constant currency, we grew sales 2%, with both segments contributing to the increase. In addition to our
top line growth, we grew adjusted operating income and expanded our adjusted operating margin. Higher
sales, cost savings led by our comprehensive continuous improvement program, or CCI, drove the growth,
which was partially offset by higher brand marketing expense. At the bottom line, our fourth quarter
adjusted earnings per share of $1.61 was lower than $1.67 in the prior period or a decline of 4%. This
decline includes a 7% headwind from a higher adjusted tax rate. Our adjusted operating income growth
was more than offset by this tax headwind.

Turning to our fourth quarter segment business performance. In our consumer segment, we grew our
constant currency sales 2% in the fourth quarter driven by the Americas and Asia Pacific regions. The
Americas, we grew constant currency sales 2%, attributable to higher volume and product mix driven by
both our base business and new products. Our strong U.S. branded performance was partially offset by
declines in private label products as well as soft Canada sales performance. Overall, our U.S. shipments
were aligned with strong consumer consumption across our portfolio.

Our category management initiatives, effective marketing support and merchandising execution, expanded
distribution and new products all contributed to driving growth in the fourth quarter. Our IRI data indicates
U.S. McCormick branded spices and seasoning scanner sales grew in line with the category, and we again
had double-digit growth in unmeasured channels. And our McCormick branded dry recipe mixes continued
their momentum of consumption and share growth.

Consumption in spices and seasonings and dry recipe mixes accelerated through the fourth quarter both
for the categories and McCormick branded products, with particularly strong results in November. Our
brand marketing and our strong merchandising execution drove strong holiday results. Our new products,
including ONE DISH and Street Taco dry recipe mixes, continued to gain momentum and contribute to
growth.

As we accelerate our condiment leadership, French's mustard and Stubb's barbecue continued to grow
consumption and share. Frank's hot sauce had strong performance again this quarter. And over the entire
Frank's portfolio, including frozen wings, seasoning blends and dry recipe mixes, we drove double-digit
consumption growth as we are making further progress in our opportunities to expand this brand.

Now in the EMEA region, we're focused on driving brand growth and our success with new products and
strong promotional programs has continued, particularly in the U.K. Growth was tempered in other parts
of the region for the quarter and the full year by declines in private label. We remain selective where we
participate, aligning our strategy to optimize the profitability of our portfolio.

In the Asia Pacific region, our sales growth was driven by pricing actions with volume growth, as I have
mentioned, partially impacted by macroeconomic pressures in China. Our fundamentals across the region
are strong and we've driven strong growth for the full year in 2019.

Let me take a moment now to mention the rapidly evolving events in China, which we are following very
closely to, first and foremost, ensure the health and safety of our employees. All of our Wuhan facility
activity, from sourcing of materials to distribution of manufactured products, is contained within the
Chinese market. And at this point, it is too soon to quantify any business impact.

Turning now to the flavor solutions segment. We grew sales 3% in constant currency in the fourth quarter,
with all 3 regions benefiting from higher volume. In the Americas, we had strong flavor sales growth
driven by snack seasonings attributable to robust base business growth and new products. Across both
our restaurant and packaged food customers, new products continue to drive growth in the second half of
the year following a particularly strong first half of innovation. Our momentum also continued with strong
branded foodservice growth.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

Now turning to EMEA. We drove strong constant currency sales growth. We're winning with our customers
through expanded distribution, promotional activities and new product. In fact, during 2019, we were
successful in this region in establishing a significant new product platform with a global customer and have
achieved a 100% new product win rate with them.

And finally, in the Asia Pacific region, our fourth quarter sales growth was the best performance of the year
and was partially driven by our customers' promotional activities as well as new products.

Moving from our fourth quarter results, I'm pleased to share our full fiscal year accomplishments, which
not only highlight what we achieved during 2019, but fuel our confidence to drive another year of strong
operating performance in 2020.

Now starting with our 2019 financial results as seen on Slide 9. We drove 3% constant currency sales
growth, driven by new products, brand marketing investments and expanded distribution. Our consumer
segment grew sales 3% in constant currency, driven by the U.S. and China. In our flavor solutions
segment, all 3 regions drove the constant currency sales growth of 3% with particularly strong EMEA
performance.

We grew constant currency adjusted operating income 7%, driven by higher sales and a 60 basis point
gross margin expansion, driven primarily from CCI-led savings. This increase, combined with the lower
interest expense and an increase in income from unconsolidated operations, drove an 8% increase
in adjusted earnings per share to $5.35 for fiscal 2019, including an unfavorable impact of currency
exchange rates versus last year. With higher sales and CCI, we increased our adjusted operating margin to
18.3%, which is an 80 basis point expansion from last year.

We expanded adjusted operating margin in both of our segments while also making investments to drive
continued growth. We reached a record $119 million of annual cost savings driven by our CCI program to
fuel our growth. We realized $463 million in CCI-led cost savings over the last 4 years, exceeding our 4-
year $400 million goal. And there continues to be a long runway in 2020 and beyond to deliver additional
cost savings.

2019 was an eighth consecutive year of record cash flow from operations, ending the year at $947 million,
a 15% increase from last year. We are making great progress with our working capital improvements and
expect the programs we've put in place will continue the momentum in 2020. Our strong cash flow is
enabling us to make great progress in paying down our acquisition debt, and we further reduced our net
debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio, as Mike will discuss further in a few minutes.

At year-end, our Board of Directors announced a 9% increase in the quarterly dividend, marking our 34th
consecutive year of dividend increases. We have paid dividends every year since 1925 and are proud to be
a dividend aristocrat.

Now I would like to comment on some of our 2019 achievements beyond our financial performance.
New products remain integral to our sales growth with 8% of 2019 sales from product launches in the
last 3 years. In our consumer segment, where new product innovation differentiates our brands and
strengthens our relevance with our consumer, our robust 2019 launches across all regions accelerated
our new product growth rate and we're excited about the momentum they are building. In our flavor
solutions segment, we're capitalizing on our differentiated culinary foundation, customer collaboration and
technology platform. We realized particularly strong new product sales growth in 2019 with packaged food
companies, while new product growth with quick service restaurants was tempered due to a stronger core
item focus particularly in the APZ region, which we mentioned throughout the year.

Brand marketing is a key driver of sales growth, and we've made significant investments supporting our
brands over the last few years. In 2019, we continued to optimize our brand marketing spend, leveraging
our scale and getting more value out of each marketing dollar, enabling us to maintain a comparable level
of spend to last year while delivering an 11% increase in the Americas working media.

Our marketing excellence organization drove greater speed, quality and effectiveness across our
programs, notably in our digital marketing. In 2019, our digital leadership was recognized again by
Gartner L2 Research. McCormick is ranked #1 on their Digital IQ Index for food and the only food brand

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

to earn the title of Genius, their top distinction. This marked our sixth consecutive year in the top 5
ranking of over 100 food and beverage brands on the effectiveness of our digital, website, social media, e-
commerce and mobile platforms.

Our investments and resources across e-commerce are also paying off. We're delivering global growth
and have positioned ourselves for future acceleration. We drove double-digit sales growth in all regions,
resulting in global e-commerce growth of 44%, driven by both strong pure-play and omni-channel
performance.

We're making measurable progress toward our 2025 sustainability goals, and just last week, issued our
most recent Purpose-led Performance report. We're being recognized for our efforts. During 2019, we were
recognized for the third consecutive year as a DiversityInc top 50 company. And at the recent 2020 Davos
World Economic Forum, Corporate Knights ranked McCormick in their 2020 Global 100 Most Sustainable
Corporations Index as #1 in the food products industry for the fourth consecutive year.

Just last week as well, we announced the election of Anne Bramman to our Board of Directors. Anne is
currently the CFO of Nordstrom with extensive financial and leadership experience and brings an exciting
new background to the Board in digital, e-commerce and online retail shopping. Anne's history of driving
growth and productivity for companies with leading brands as well as her broad financial expertise makes
her a great fit for McCormick. We look forward to Anne further strengthening the impressive group of
leaders that comprise our Board.

Mike will go over our 2020 guidance in a few moments, but I'd like to mention a few highlights related to
our growth momentum and plan, a significant business transformation plan and provide some summary
comments on Slide 11.

At the foundation of our sales growth rate is the rising global consumer demand for great taste and
healthy eating. Consumers have an increased interest in creating flavor experiences with bold, rich,
authentic flavors while also demanding convenience. Additionally, consumers are focused on fresh, natural
and recognizable ingredients with greater transparency around the sourcing and quality of food, and
consumers want to know about the environmental and social impacts behind the brands they buy.

Flavor continues to be an advantaged global category, and our products inspire flavor exploration and
are the essential complement to real, fresh food. We deliver flavor across all markets and through all
channels and are aligned with consumers' demand for flavor, convenience, health and sustainably minded
business practices. Our alignment with these long-term trends, our breadth and reach, combined with our
execution of effective strategies positions us well to meet increased consumer demand, both through our
product and through our customers' products and bolsters our confidence to drive sales growth across
both segments.

Across our consumer segment, our 2020 plans include: To further drive our undisputed leadership in
spices and seasonings, accelerate our condiment global platform and fuel our growth in emerging markets
and channels as well as an on-trend, fast-growing platform. With our investments in brand marketing,
category management, analytical capabilities and new products as well as our drive to strengthen our
connection with the consumer, we expect to drive further sales growth.

For our flavor solutions segment, the execution of our strategy to migrate our portfolio to more technically
insulated and value-added categories will continue in 2020. With top line opportunities gained from our
global investments to expand our flavor scale as well as further momentum in flavor categories, such as
savory products and beverages and in branded food service, we expect to realize further results from this
strategy. Driven by our best-in-class customer engagement, we also expect to continue our new product
momentum. Beyond our strategies to drive sales growth, we're also making business transformation
investments to create capacity for continued growth.

Turning now to Slide 12. We are implementing a global operating model across our entire organization
to deliver globally aligned and simplified processes that will allow us to grow at scale through increased
digitalization and automation. As technology is the backbone for this model, we've begun the process of
replacing our existing disparate ERP systems with SAP HANA, a single global system.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

Our last ERP implementation was in the early 2000s, and since then, we have more than doubled in
size. This growth as well as changes in technology and SAP's plan to discontinue support of the current
platform, requires us to invest once again to modernize our ERP systems and transform our business
processes. We want to be ahead of the curve in achieving an advanced, integrated platform which will
allow us to realize the benefits of a scalable platform for growth sooner and enable growth in line with our
aspirations.

This is a multiyear program, during which we will continually learn and adjust as we progress to a full
global implementation. We have recently completed milestones for our global template and have made
updates to our implementation plan which we expect will drive greater benefits and lower risk at a higher
estimated total program cost. With the completion of these milestones, we've broadened our program cost
estimate to include estimates related to the go-live activities in our operations which we are now able to
estimate.

As such, we have added these expenses to our information system technology cost, the basis for our
previously communicated range of $150 million to $200 million. We are now projecting the total cost of
our ERP investment to range between $300 million and $350 million from 2019 through the anticipated
completion of our global rollout in fiscal 2022, with an estimated split of 40% capital spending and 60%
operating expense. As such, the total operating expense impact for the entire program is estimated to
be between $180 million and $210 million. In fiscal 2020, we are projecting our total operating expense
impact to be approximately $80 million, which is an incremental $60 million over fiscal 2019.

Notwithstanding the significant incremental investment in 2020, we expect growth in our underlying
business to remain strong. And while the deployment activities will continue through 2022, we expect to
return to our normal growth algorithm in 2021. Mike will discuss the 2020 financial impact of the program
further in his outlook remarks.

I'd like to now share highlights of the updated plan. We've now included in our program cost, as I just
mentioned, projected expenses related to go-live activities, such as inventory build and pre go-live
operating expenses. The inclusion of these costs drives nearly half of the increase in our operating
expense projection. We're also extending our deployment schedule and increasing training and support,
all to further mitigate risk. This strengthens our change management plan and represents the second-
biggest driver of our projected increase. Next, we plan to drive greater business transformation, including
integrating certain other software applications within our global HANA solution. Finally, we've also
identified additional opportunities to drive greater financial benefits after stabilization of each of our
phased deployments.

These updates will drive greater benefits and lower risk. We are excited about this investment to enable
us to transform our ways of working and realize the benefits of a scalable growth platform. Throughout
2020, we will periodically provide high-level updates on the progress of the program. Our overarching
focus though will be to continue highlighting the strength of our operating performance.

Our achievements in 2019, our effective growth strategies as well as our robust operating momentum
all bolster our confidence in delivering another strong year of growth and performance in 2020. We're
looking forward to sharing more details regarding our 2020 growth plans and our business transformation
initiatives in just a few weeks at CAGNY.

To summarize on Slide 13 before turning it over to Mike. We achieved solid financial results in 2019.
We're driving strong momentum in sales growth. We're continuing to drive sales growth balanced with our
focus on lowering costs to expand margins and sustainably realize long-term earnings growth. We have a
solid foundation, and in an environment that continues to be dynamic and fast-paced, we're ensuring we
remain agile, relevant [Audio Gap] long-term sustainable growth.

Our fundamentals, momentum and growth outlook are stronger than ever. Our experienced leaders
and employees are executing on our strategies which are designed to build long-term value for our
shareholders. With our 2019 results, they have again proved to be effective and we're confident they will
prove effective again in 2020.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

In 2020, we continue to differentiate our brands, build capabilities and make investments for growth that
will continue to move McCormick forward. Our top-tier, long-term growth objectives remain unchanged,
and in our 2020 outlook, reflect the small -- strong underlying business performance and necessary
significant investments in business transformation to achieve those long-term objectives. Mike will discuss
this more in a few moments.

I want to recognize McCormick employees around the world and thank them for their dedicated efforts and
engagement. The collective power of our people drives our momentum and our success. With this power
and our effective strategy, we are well positioned to achieve continued growth in 2020 while also driving
transformation to fuel growth into the future.

Thank you for your attention. And it is now my pleasure to turn it over to Mike for additional remarks on
our 2019 financial results and the details on our 2020 guidance.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Lawrence, and good morning, everyone. I will now provide some additional comments on our
fourth quarter performance and full year results as well as detail on our 2020 outlook.

Starting on Slide 15. During the fourth quarter, we grew sales 2% in constant currency, driven by both our
consumer and flavor solutions segments. The consumer segment grew sales 2% in constant currency. This
growth was driven by the Americas and Asia Pacific regions.

On Slide 16, consumer segment sales in the Americas rose 2% in constant currency versus the fourth
quarter of 2018. This increase was driven by strong U.S. branded growth, partially offset by declines in
private label products and soft Canada sales performance. In EMEA, constant currency consumer sales
were down 1% from a year ago, primarily due to declines in private label products. We grew consumer
sales in the Asia Pacific region, 3% in constant currency, driven by pricing and promotional activities. Sales
growth in India was strong due to e-commerce and holiday promotional activity.

Turning to our flavor solutions segment in Slide 19. We grew fourth quarter constant currency sales 3%,
driven by continued strength in our EMEA region. In the Americas, flavor solutions constant currency sales
increased 3%, driven by new products and base business growth with continued momentum in snack
seasonings and branded foodservice. In EMEA, we grew flavor solutions sales 5% in constant currency.
Sales growth to quick service restaurants and packaged food companies was driven by new products, base
business volume growth and pricing. In the Asia Pacific region, flavor solutions sales grew 2% in constant
currency as higher sales to quick service restaurants were partially driven by the timing of our promotional
activity.

As seen on Slide 23, fourth quarter adjusted operating income, which excludes special charges, increased
3%, or 4% in constant currency, versus the year-ago period. Adjusted operating income in the consumer
segment rose to $227 million, a 1% increase, which was the same in constant currency. In the flavor
solutions segment, adjusted operating income rose 11% to $76 million, which in constant currency was a
12% increase.

Growth in both segments was primarily driven by higher sales, CCI-led cost savings and a onetime 2019
global benefit plan alignment with some offset from incentive compensation. Incentive compensation was
partially due to and offset by favorable results realized below operating income, such as interest expense
and income from unconsolidated operations. In the consumer segment, a 7% increase in brand marketing
versus the fourth quarter of last year unfavorably impacted the consumer adjusted operating income
growth. Flavor solutions growth was favorably impacted by product mix.

For the fiscal year, the increase in adjusted operating income in constant currency was 7%, and we
expanded adjusted operating income margin 80 basis points with both segments contributing to the
growth. In constant currency, the consumer segment grew adjusted operating income 7%, while the flavor
solutions segment grew adjusted operating income 5%.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

As seen on Slide 24, gross profit margin expanded 120 basis points in the fourth quarter versus the year-
ago period, as we have planned. And for the full year, expanded 60 basis points, driven by CCI-led cost
savings. Our selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales increased by 80
basis points from the fourth quarter of 2018. Leverage from sales growth and CCI-led cost savings were
more than offset by increases in both planned brand marketing and additional incentive compensation
expense.

Turning to income taxes on Slide 25. Our fourth quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 24.7% as
compared to 19% in the year-ago period. Our fourth quarter adjusted rate in the year-ago period was
favorably impacted by discrete items, principally a higher level of stock option exercises. For the full year,
our adjusted tax rate was 19.5%, which is comparable to 2018.

Income from unconsolidated operations increased 7% in the fourth quarter of 2019 and 18% for the full
year, with strong performance by our McCormick and Mexico joint venture driving both comparisons. For
2020, we expect a mid- to high single-digit increase in our income from unconsolidated operations.

At the bottom line, as shown on Slide 27, fourth quarter 2019 adjusted earnings per share was $1.61
as compared to $1.67 for the year-ago period. The decline was mainly due to a higher adjusted income
tax rate versus last year, with partial offsets from higher adjusted operating income and lower interest
expense. And this comparison also includes an unfavorable impact of currency rates.

On Slide 28, we summarize highlights for cash flow and the year-end balance sheet. Our cash flow
provided from operations ended the year at a record high of $947 million compared to $821 million in
2018. For the fiscal year, our cash conversion cycle was significantly better than the year-ago period, down
22% or 12 days, as we executed against programs to achieve working capital reductions.

We returned a portion of this cash flow to our shareholders through dividends and paid down debt,
reducing our acquisition debt during the fiscal year by $436 million. Of our $1.5 billion in acquisition-
related term notes, we have now paid down $1.25 billion and when we finished the year with a net debt-
to-adjusted EBITDA ratio of 3.4x.

Our capital expenditures were $174 million in 2019 and included initial spending related to the transition
of our ERP platform as well as growth and optimization projects across the globe. In 2020, we expect our
capital expenditures to be higher than 2019 to support our investments to drive growth, including our ERP
business transformation investment.

As of year-end, $32 million remained of a $600 million share repurchase program that was authorized
by our Board of Directors in March 2015. An additional $600 million share repurchase program was
authorized by our Board of Directors in November 2019.

We expect 2020 to be another year of strong cash flow, driven by profit and working capital initiatives.
And our priority is to continue to have a balanced use of cash, making investments to drive growth,
returning a significant portion to our shareholders through dividends and to pay down debt.

Let's now move to our current financial outlook for 2020 on Slides' 29 and 30. We are well positioned
for another year of underlying solid performance with our broad and advantaged flavor portfolio,
effective growth strategies and focus on profit realization. As Lawrence mentioned, in 2020, we expect
adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share growth to reflect strong underlying business
performance, offset by significant incremental investment associated with a business transformation, our
ERP replacement program and a higher projected effective tax rate. We also expect there to be a minimal
impact of currency rates.

At the top line, we expect to grow sales 2% to 4%. This increase is expected to be entirely organic
growth as no incremental impact from acquisitions as planned, and will be driven primarily by higher
volume and product mix from new products, expanded distribution and brand marketing as well as the
impact of pricing, which in conjunction with cost savings, is expected to offset anticipated mid-single-digit
inflationary pressures. Our 2020 gross profit margin is expected to be 25 to 75 basis points higher than
2019, in part driven by our CCI-led cost savings.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

Our adjusted operating income growth rate, excluding the incremental business transformation impact,
reflects expected strong underlying business performance driven by sales growth and is projected to be a
5% to 7% increase from $979 million. This includes our cost savings target of approximately $105 million
and an expected mid single-digit increase in brand marketing investments, which will be heavier in the
first half of the year.

As Lawrence mentioned earlier, we are projecting an incremental operating expense impact of $60 million
versus 2019 related to our ERP replacement program. This impact lowers our adjusted operating growth
rate by 600 basis points, resulting in our total expected adjusted operating income to be comparable to
2019, plus or minus 1%. We expect the ERP expenses to be higher in the second half of the year.

Our 2020 adjusted effective income tax rate is projected to be approximately 22% based upon our
estimated mix of earnings by geography as well as factoring in a level of discrete impacts, the most
significant of which occurred during the first quarter of 2020 related to a refinement to our entity
structure. For the remaining quarters, we estimate a tax rate of 23%, thus driving our full year outlook
of 22%. This outlook versus our 2019 adjusted effective tax rate is approximately a 300 basis point
headwind to our 2020 adjusted earnings per share growth.

Our change in projected 2020 adjusted earnings per share from 2019 is expected to be driven by strong
underlying business performance growth of 7% to 9%, the unfavorable tax headwind I just mentioned
and an estimated unfavorable 700 basis point impact from our incremental ERP investment. Our guidance
range for the adjusted earnings per share in 2020 is $5.20 to $5.30 compared to $5.35 of adjusted
earnings per share in 2019.

In summary, we are projecting strong underlying business performance in our 2020 outlook, offset by a
significant incremental ERP investment associated with business transformation and a higher projected
effective tax rate.

Turning to Slide 31. I want to discuss our track record of achieving our constant currency long-term
financial objectives. As we have said, our long-term sales growth objective is 4% to 6%, with base
business, new products and acquisitions each contributing 1/3. Additionally, our long-term objective is to
grow adjusted operating income 7% to 9%. This, coupled with our approach to capital allocation, results in
a long-term adjusted earnings per share growth objective of 9% to 11%.

Given there is variability in our business from year-to-year, especially related to transformational events,
we evaluate our performance against these objectives over several years. With that said, a review of our
5-year compounded annual growth rates, which includes our 2020 guidance, projects that our 5-year
compounded annual sales and adjusted operating income growth rates are expected to exceed our long-
term objectives. Additionally, our adjusted earnings per share performance is also in line with our long-
term objective.

On a final note, while we have a significant transformational investment in 2020, we expect to return to
our normal growth algorithm in 2021. As Lawrence mentioned, our foundation is strong, our strategy is
effective and we are generating results in line with our objectives.

I'd like to now turn it back to Lawrence for some additional remarks before we move to your questions.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Mike. Now that Mike has shared our financial results and outlook in more detail, I'd like to
recap the key takeaways as seen on Slide 32. We delivered solid organic sales, adjusted operating profit
and adjusted earnings per share growth in 2019. We expanded adjusted operating profit margin and drove
strong results in both segments. Our 2020 outlook reflects strong operating performance, driven by our
solid foundation, continued strong momentum and the successful execution of proven growth strategies.
Our underlying business is robust with offsetting impacts from an incremental business transformation
expense and a significant tax headwind. We're confident that 2020 will be another successful year and
we will continue to build long-term value. Importantly, we are continuing to deliver differentiated results,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

while significantly investing for growth to build the McCormick of the future. We'll share more about these
transformation investments at CAGNY in a few weeks.
Now let's turn to your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Just one quick one on ERP and then just one on private label. With ERP, I guess, on the operating expense
piece, I think as you mentioned, the cost is now expected to be about, I think, $195 million at the
midpoint versus the $60 million to $80 million before, given the go-live piece that you mentioned. So
as we think ahead to fiscal '21, assume like there's likely still another incremental step-up on operating
expense, where previously maybe fiscal '20 was expected to be the bulk of the investment. So in your
comment around getting back to the algorithm in '21, is it that a big chunk of onetime expense from '20
goes away and then you've got an incremental expense in '21? Or -- I'm trying to get a sense of what the
offset is to that incremental cost in '21.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Andrew, let me start, and then I'll also let Mike comment on that. So I'd say that's a great question and
a great thing to clarify. So it is still our expectation that 2020 is the peak in the ramp up of the expenses
from business transformation and ERP. We don't get -- we don't have a real roll-off of those expenses in
'21, they continue at a high expense level. And so that's -- but the ramp-up is done, and so we expect to
be back to algorithm in 2021, really all in. And then those expenses start to ramp -- those expenses ramp
down in 2022. So that -- I hope that's clarified.

Mike, did I...

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. In 2020, we'll have expenses for the pilot, as we mentioned. And also, it's our heavy investment year.
We really -- 2022 and 2023 is when we get the wind-down and the benefits really kick in for us.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

In 2020, we have to build -- we've got to build the whole global template and stand it up. And when we go
live in our pilots, we actually have to start depreciating and realize all the expense for that.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Got you. And does the ERP -- by the way, I don't think this is the case. But will an implementation of a
plan, a program like this, impact sort of ability to integrate acquisitions at all? Or is that really a separate
aspect?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

I think that's a separate aspect. Our priority, of course, is growth. And so if we had an attractive asset that
we wanted to buy, we would adjust our ERP plans in order to accommodate it. So we've had a -- we've
been thoughtful about that internally, and we don't believe that it would interfere with our ability to do an
acquisition of the right asset, whether it be a bolt-on or a large one.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

Great. And then just quickly on private label. You talked about some of the weakness in private label
in consumer Americas. And I guess I'm just trying to get a little more perspective or color around that,
whether it was a one-off, like particular retailer thing? Was it McCormick losing private label share? Or
overall private label slowing? I'm trying to get a sense of just, is this something we think about as you
move through into 2020, or somewhere more of a one-off? Not that it's a bad thing for margins, of course.
But...

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Right. Yes, so -- exactly. So well, that's actually part of the answer. So the private label was one of the
factors. In Q4, that was down. When we talked about it in Q3, it was up. And I would just -- I would think
that's -- this is just the kind of a normal ebb and flow of this business. Private label is not strong as it was
a year ago. And you can see that through the consumption data and that's reflected in our performance as
well. I think this is more of a -- kind of a normal ebb and flow in that part of the business.

We are selective about where we participate and so there are always a level of wins and losses. We
want to participate in private label where it's a strategic value to us and also where it's -- frankly, it's
profitable. I think you can see that as you look at our fourth quarter in the Americas in particular, brand
came in strong, private label was light, and that change in mix flows right through in the margin in [ our
franchise ].

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I just wanted to ask, I know it's way too early to talk about the impact of coronavirus, but I wanted to
make sure that maybe I had my facts straight on it. So can I ask a couple of questions on maybe exactly
what the -- what your setup is there? I think you have one plant in Wuhan. I don't think it's 2., I think it's
1. Is that correct?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

That's correct.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Is -- and I guess the follow-up would be, is that plant operating today? And is there any way for us to
sort of quantify how much that contributes to your sales or EBIT? And can the other plants maybe pick up
some of the slack if that plant doesn't happen to be operating? I just wanted to kind of get some of the lay
of the land there to how to think about that.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

So I'll say a few words about this. Of course, we're -- our concern, first and foremost, is for the health and
safety of our employees and around product safety. So I want to emphasize that a lot of our efforts and
responses are directed to that.

We don't disclose our China sales specifically, but we do talk about -- as you know, anything that's over
10%, we do have to spell out. And so while China is a large country for us, it's our largest after the U.S.,
it's less than 10% of our sales and quite a bit less than 10% of our profitability, even though that is a
profitable business.

I think it's too early to really know what the impact is going to be on it. For the -- we've got 3 plants
in China: 1 is in Shanghai, 1 in Guangzhou and 1 in Wuhan. Right now, all of them are closed. It's the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

Chinese New Year holiday. They closed in the normal course of business actually before all the government
restrictions were put in place. So this was a very orderly, planful shutdown for their regular holiday
season.

Normally, there's about a 10-day shutdown period for the Chinese New Year. If everything was normal,
they would have reopened for business on February 2, along with the rest of the country -- sorry, February
3, I think, is the Monday, for resumption of shipments. And that's actually the date that the government
has put out for most of the country to reopen operations. The city of Shanghai has put in a special
restriction saying companies can't reopen till February 10, but other than that, there's really no new news
for us. And so far, it's not a business interruption. I think it really remains to be seen how far this goes.

Certainly, the reduction in people traveling, being able to go out to eat, being able to shop at the grocery
stores, is not a positive for our business. We can't really quantify it right now. We certainly think that
more facts will come out over the coming days, really, and we'll see -- we'll have -- we'll be better able to
understand what the real business impact is.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. That's very helpful. I guess, a quick follow-up and then I'll let it go...

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

If there's one thing I would say -- if there's thing that gives us kind of caution around our first half of the
year, it's this -- is the uncertainty around this.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

No, that's exactly where I was going to go. Is it safe to say that your guidance includes a little bit of
conservatism just because of the uncertainty? Or is it really just so uncertain that it's not worth even
estimating at all in your numbers?

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Okay, I think it's for consideration. It's definitely something, in the last week or 2, we've thought hard
about. And yes, I'd say so. The other point I'd raise, too. This Wuhan manufacturing facility, we source
from China and sell into China. There's really no external...

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

[ Just like... ]

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

So it's really within-country.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Steven Strycula with UBS.

Steven A. Strycula
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So first question would be more of an operational one. Just wanted to know, Lawrence, relative to internal
plan, what, if anything, kind of deviated in the fourth quarter trend? It sounds like, at a high level, it might
have been private label. And just to clarify a little bit more from Andrew Lazar's question is, is there any

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

kind of read forward into 2020 about that state of the business? Or was there really just some lumpiness
between Q3 and Q4?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, so -- well, first of all, at the end of the -- on our Q3 call, we did got to the low end of our range for
a variety of reasons. I talked about some unseasonable weather impact and a warehouse transition in our
flavor solutions side on the Americas part. And those factors did spill into Q4, really, in the September
time frame in particular. So we did come in a little light due to those factors rolling forward, especially in
September, and some softness in private label in Canada that we mentioned in our prepared remarks. And
I would think that the Canada softness is nonrecurring related to the promotional activity that we didn't
repeat, and we see that as a nonrecurring factor. The private label, probably I would expect that to carry
into the early part of the year as well. So that might be the one carryforward item. So those were some of
the negatives.

I will say on the positive side, the quarter started a little soft, as I had mentioned. We had unseasonable
weather in September. In the Americas, we did have some hangover from the warehouse transition. But
it got stronger as we went through the quarter and definitely finished on the strong side. We got strong
consumer consumption and strong branded growth, which as I mentioned on the -- in Andrew's question,
you can see in our margins. The flavor solutions is really solid other than the warehouse issue early in the
quarter. So I wouldn't think there's anything untoward there and really no reason to -- I don't really think
of anything as being a negative there that would carry forward.

Steven A. Strycula
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay, that's very helpful. And then a quick follow-up for Mike. I know it's extremely early to even think
about 2021. I just want to understand the cadence you did -- laid out for the ERP system. So for 2021,
would that imply that the residual leftover balance would be -- that runs through the P&L is roughly $80
million to $115 million?

And then the tax rate this year is 22%, including discrete items. Is the normalized rate, given what we
know about tax reform at this point, probably 24% for the company? How should we think about it?

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, I think if you look at the fourth quarter tax rate, which was 24.7%, it's going to be in that range.
We didn't -- hardly had any discrete items in the fourth quarter. So yes, the underlying tax rate is in that
range. Of course, we're always looking to optimize structure and things like that to help drive that.

From the ERP perspective, like we said, I mean, there's a lot of cost going into '20 and '21. '21 is when we
really have the big deployments. So we have the pilot this year, and we're building up the global model in
2020. Then I think of it -- those are the big years. We'll have some expenses out into '22 and '23 as we
bring up some of the other regions, but they will fall off pretty rapidly.

Steven A. Strycula
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. And is any of the $80 million this year included in the $0.05 charge that you're adjusting out of
operating earnings?

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Oh, special charges? No, no, no. None of this program is going through special charges. This is all just
going -- falling right through the P&L, normal GAAP.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

The next question is from the line of Alexia Howard with AllianceBernstein.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

So I've just got 2 quick ones. The operating income trends between consumer and flavor solutions, it
was up very modestly this quarter in consumer, but up double-digits in the flavor solutions side. Just
wondering, will the brand marketing investment continue to pressure margins in the consumer side? And
can the margins in the food -- flavor solutions side of things continue to expand like this so that they
continue to converge over time? And then I have a follow-up.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Alexia, this is Mike. We saw in the second half of the year, our flavor solutions margins did improve.
We had a tough comparison in the first half because of transactional FX rates. Those did ease in the
second half, like we talked about earlier in the year. So we do see those favorable trends continue. FX
is really -- for 2020, is going to be a neutral impact versus negative 2-ish percent in 2019. So that's a
favorable trend there. And we do see continued optimization of our portfolio, more value-added products
in flavor solutions to help drive margins upward.

On the consumer side, I mean this year, we kind of took -- in 2018, our advertising increased about 18%.
So in 2019, we basically have spent comparable. We've decided we're going to optimize our spend, formed
a marketing excellence program. And even though our A&P spending was flat, our working media was up
double digits. So we really got the optimization there.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. And we also changed -- we've skewed it. So if you recall, in the first half, we were below a year ago;
in the second half, we were above. And that's what you're seeing in the fourth quarter operating income
coming through, is that kind of -- I won't say hoarded it, but we've skewed the A&P towards the fourth
quarter where it, frankly. has the highest ROI.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

And you'll see in the next year, as we said in the prepared remarks, we're going to up-spend A&P. The
comparison is easier in the first half of the year, we'll have increases in A&P, a little above our total year
guidance. So we get a very favorable return on it. We measure this. It's really effective.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Great. And as a follow-up, acquisitions. I think in previous commentary, you'd said you were looking
internationally and possibly at the flavor solutions side of things. Has that thinking changed as you think
about the larger-scale deals that might be on your radar screen? And I'll pass it on.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

I'd say that there hasn't been any -- there's no change in our thinking about acquisitions. If we were to
do a bolt-on-sized acquisition that contributed to our international business to kind of balance out the
skew that we've got towards the Americas right now, that would be a plus. Flavor solutions, we're certainly
interested in assets in that flavor space. And there's -- so those -- that's -- those are certainly areas
where we would be looking to fish. And the same set of the larger assets that we have on our internal
tracker, we're still out there in the market. There have been some large transactions in the space and they
were not things that we were targeting.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

Our next question is from the line of Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.

Faiza Alwy
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

So 2 questions for me. One is just on -- is it possible for you to disaggregate, as you think about 2020
outlook, between the flavors business versus the consumer business? Are you expecting more growth in
one segment versus the other?

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Actually, we expect the guidance for both of them in the 2% to 4% range, which is pretty consistent with
our strategy for the time. We feel there's opportunities [ for growth ].

Faiza Alwy
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. And then just wanted to talk about cash flow a little bit, especially as it relates to the deployment of
ERP, and what that would mean for the cash conversion cycle in 2020 and beyond.

And then relatedly, if you could discuss your capital allocation priorities because you have delevered
quite a bit. You're getting closer to your 3x target. But then you've talked about a new share repurchase
program and you just talked about acquisitions. So how should we think about sort of your priorities for
cash in 2020?

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Those are great question. On cash conversion cycle, yes, we've -- we're down 44 days since 2016. So we
really put a lot of effort into our program across all components of working capital. We do see there's a lot
of runway to go here with extending terms in other programs. We do, however, also realize that some time
this year, we're going to start building inventory, which will eat into some of those gains. But I think the
opportunities overall still do outweigh some of that inventory build. I don't want to give a cash conversion
cycle forecast, I don't want to get into that much detail, but we still do think there's some opportunities.
And the nice thing is once we get these go-lives behind us, we do think there's a lot of benefits from
a working capital perspective from being on one global system. So that's part of the return that we're
expecting from our ERP investment, quite frankly.

From a capital allocation perspective, you're right, we're down to 3.4x debt to EBITDA. We're going
to continue paying down debt this year in the absence of M&A targets as we promised. We did -- we
authorized a $600 million of buyback. We were down to $32 million. What we're using that, as stock
options get exercised, we're neutralizing the impact there. So we -- in the near term, we'll continue to do
that. We don't see any large stock purchase or anything like that. M&A is obviously where we -- paying
down debt and attractive M&A targets to drive growth are our 2 best uses of cash.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

And we've looked at some targets. So we're actively considering assets that has -- that come available.
We don't want to -- we feel that we're -- we have clear line of sight to getting down to our target. We
don't think that we actually have to literally get there. So we're not going to let a great asset get away.

Operator

The next question is coming from the line of Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

I might have missed it, but the reason for the increase in the cost of the ERP system was to have a
broader estimate, I guess, for the go-live activity. But I think you did have an estimate before for the go-
live activity. So what changed between now and a few months ago to have it expand that much?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, the estimate that we gave previously were literally the program costs around the IT or program
itself, and did not -- they did not include the broader business impact and preparation of the business,
which we're now giving quantification of and guiding to and really building -- all of the costs associated
with building and holding inventory and business preparation, it's about 50% of the increase in the OpEx
component that we're talking about here. And our concern here is really to make sure that we have a
smooth go-live without any disruption to our customers and to mitigate risk around these go-lives. It
would be our hope that they go smoothly.

And we've got a lot of experience in go-live with SAP, so we're not neophytes to this. We did just go --
brought up the all of the RB Foods business on our old version of SAP very smoothly, and we would hope
that this goes smoothly. But we don't want to just hope. We want to make sure that we're really doing the
things that it takes to mitigate that risk. That's a portion of it.

And then also, we haven't given any kind of window into some of the other expenses, as we have the
software as a service and -- that we start to realize and the depreciation cost, which I'm probably better
off letting Mike talk about. So I'm going to stop on that point right now, let you take over on that.

But -- and then the second piece is just -- is also, again, around mitigating risk, is strengthening the
change management program. So we've taken that a lot deeper as we've looked at this. We just have
really been thoughtful about identifying areas where there might be -- a business might be at risk or if
something doesn't go right, or where -- we're not taking for granted, people working in the plants, looking
at new screens are going to get it quickly. So we've really doubled down on the change management
program, the number of super users that are embedded in the business.

And we've extended the deployment schedule just a little bit following the pilots to make sure that we've
got time to adjust if we, if anything, does surprise us in the pilots. Which again, we don't have any reason
to believe it will, but we're trying to be thoughtful and mitigate the risk as much as we can.

Mike, do you want to...

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

No, I think...

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Go ahead, Rob. Go ahead.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I guess -- okay. I guess, if you've given us a conservative estimate here, it's now in the organic kind of
EBIT growth algorithm. So if there is improvement versus that cost, will you kind of give us an update and
tell us to the extent to which it's kind of upside to your -- to any given year?

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Obviously, we will, Rob. But we realize this is a multiyear program, though. But we will definitely be very
transparent with this. As we're trying to [ make clear ].

Lawrence E. Kurzius

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

Chairman, President & CEO

In these programs, I'll just say, these programs are expensive. They are multiyear, they are major,
broad, enterprise-wide programs. And it's a lot of money, but we believe the price tag's in line with the
experience that others have had when you consider the all-in cost.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

I was hoping to just get a little bit more color on the inflation guidance that you've given for the mid-
single digits and the ability on part to offset that with pricing. Just, a, where, just, categories of buy where
you're seeing kind of inflation at or above those kinds of levels, like what's really driving it?

And second, on the pricing side, I mean, would seem to imply about 100 basis points of pricing in the
revenue growth guidance. And just any specific categories or geographies where that might be an outsized
benefit.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Adam, this is Mike. From a cost perspective, we're seeing a pretty broad-based increase across a lot
of items. I mean, some are declining, some like garlic are going up, but pretty much every category is
seeing inflation higher than the last couple of years, whether it's packaging, the shipments from overseas
or some new regulations there that are causing some increases. So I wouldn't pin it on one thing. But
from a pricing perspective, we've obviously built that into our plans.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. But I'd say it's -- I don't think we want to break out that pricing portion of the guidance separately.
But the pricing we are planning, a, contributes to the confidence we have in our outlook for 2020, that's
for sure. And I will say that when we do take pricing, we know there's some elasticity impact as well, so
we're considering that as well. But just because we're taking pricing doesn't mean it's literally additive to
the results that we realize in the absence of pricing. You have to consider pricing and volume together.

I'll also add that we've got -- there's always some commercial tension in the discussions about pricing.
So I don't want to get overly specific about where we are. I can say that in the Americas, we've really
completed our pricing negotiations and have that resolved, and those pricing changes are going into effect
as scheduled. In other parts of the world, that varies somewhat by market because -- sometimes because
of statutory reasons. But we'd expect to have it all in place by the end of the first half.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

So you'll see a ramp-up in pricing most likely during the year.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Our results.

Adam L. Samuelson
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Okay. That's helpful color. And then just quickly for me, a follow-up. If we would go back 12 months last
year, in November, you had a challenging Thanksgiving in the U.S. And just want to make sure that as
we look at kind of the sales performance this quarter in the Americas, there was -- that returned back to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

normal. And mix was -- seems to be favorable, given the private label decline, but as it relates to some of
the premium Thanksgiving ingredients that you sell, that all -- that there was nothing...

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, we had a recovery of that business [ ago ]. Our spices and seasonings business shipped -- as I
mentioned, consumption was strong. We shipped well ahead of consumption as we lapped that dip on
those branded items. And that's definitely a contributor to the strong gross margin in the quarter. That's
really where you see that through. And there's an offset, so it's less visible on the top line, as we said,
that soft -- I would say the lower private label sales and some softness in Canada.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I just wanted to kind of follow-on the last question, a point you made, just to be clear on the private
label side. Is that -- so you talked about weakness in the category, or have you lost some private label
business, perhaps even intentionally? Just to understand the magnitude of the decline in the fourth
quarter. It seems like it was larger than I expected. Is that because of just the category? Or...

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, certainly the category trends on private label are nowhere near what they were a year ago or 2 years
ago. So you've seen that flatten out. But really, it's just -- I don't want to overbake it here. We had a --
third quarter private label was unusually strong. It was a little soft in the fourth quarter. And I'd say that
this is just kind of normal ebb and flow in that business.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And just a second question, if I could, around -- and you talked about it before. You have some
cost inflation built in for the year, mid-single digits. You've got some pricing you've noted, and we don't
really get into the timing and the amount of that. I guess what I'm trying to understand is, when I add in
the cost savings, I guess I'll call them CCI cost savings, $105 million. Why is that not sufficient then to
offset the ERP spending? Is it because it has to offset some inflation? Or were those savings getting kind
of eaten up to where they can't offset this incremental expense in ERP spending?

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Chris, this is Mike. I mean, there's a $60 million incremental investment we're making this year that
we wouldn't have in a normal year, so I wouldn't expect CCI to offset that. I mean, CCI, what it does is
it drops through the P&L. It covers things like increased advertising as we make more investments on
things, increased SG&A costs for salary.

There's things that -- and actually, if you look at our guidance for next year, we have about a 50 basis
point adjusted operating profit increase, which is our long-term algorithm. So I think the value is we can't
expect, when you have a $60 million incremental item, to cover that. And frankly, we hit $119 million
this year on CCI, we're guiding to $105 million. Some of these resources we use to drive CCI are really
supporting the ERP program. So we just want to be aware of that, too. We can't just turn on CCI and
make it go up $60 million. [ That's not ]

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

Okay. Is the -- I guess we'll call it CCI program. Is there a multiyear program behind this? Or is it just a
year at a time from here on out as you think about your cost-saving opportunity?

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, when we did -- 4 years ago, when we start -- did the 4-year program, and that was kind of a different
time in the food industry, and we wanted to really show how our -- how we were different from a cost
perspective and really planful and thoughtful about this and not doing ZBB and all that sort of stuff. At this
point, it's a year-by-year process, but it has a -- there's a long-term plan...

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

It's [ program. We're setting a multiyear ]...

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

There's a program, there's things like ERP, that will generate savings in '22, '23 that are built into our
internal -- we have an internal program but we don't talk about that externally. We'll give you the yearly
buckets as we get to guidance.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Peter Galbo with Bank of America.

Peter Thomas Galbo
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Lawrence and Mike, just 2 really quick cleanup ones for me. Mike, I know you had said CapEx for 2020 to
be up over '19. I don't know if there's any way just to quantify that more. And then any -- go ahead.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, in the 10-K, it's $265 million. That's a round number.

Peter Thomas Galbo
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

$265 million. Okay, got it. And then anything you can do to help us out just with interest expense? I would
expect it to be lower year-over-year.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, I think it will be lower. We have a nice decline this year. I think you model it based on our outstanding
debt and continued cash conversion, I mean, you can -- it will be down, definitely. [ You can use our
model ].

Operator

Our final question is coming from the line of [ Rob Dickerson ] with Jefferies.

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Great. A couple of questions. I guess, just the first question, just to clarify on the transformation expenses
over the next 3 years. It sounds like what you're saying is, yes, there's the ramp this fiscal year. And
then just based off the math, it's probably like a similar expense in '21 and '22 as well, if we just cut it
in half, what's remaining. But that might ramp down a little bit as we go through time, and then it's the
benefits that offset. Because I guess where I just -- where there's a little confusion on my end was, if we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

have the numbers and we know what you're saying for this fiscal year, then why wouldn't we just take the
remaining and just divide it by the next 2 fiscal years and say, "Oh, it's just kind of a standardized $60
million run rate per year." It sounds like what you're saying is, "Oh, no. There are going to be all these
benefits to offset that kind of run rate cost."

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

I think we'll start getting benefits in 2022. So you got to compartmentalize 2020 and 2021. It's a
significant investment, increased expenses, around the same level of impact on the P&L between 2020
and 2021. And then 2022, there's lesser go-lives and then the benefits kick in, so you get a nice tailwind
in 2022 and 2023, right?

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

So it's just like a $60 million run rate? That's -- I don't -- I'm not sure I'm following you on that one, Rob.
I mean...

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Sorry, it was just -- I just took the midpoint of the $300 million to $350 million, which is $325 million,
and...

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

It's not an ongoing cost, right?

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Right. Okay.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

[ I'd say that our ] costs here that have been -- it's like the proverbial pig in the python.

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Yes, okay. Fair, completely fair. And then the other question I had was just on private label profitability.
Yes, I think you said there was -- just given a little bit of a mix shift, branded-private label, in the quarter
maybe early this year. But some of that is -- can be margin-mix positive. But I swear I've heard you say,
historically, at times, it might depend on what private label that is because a lot of your private label, it
seems like overall is usually margin-mix neutral, it's more of a penny profit piece. So just any clarification
as to basically, like, on average, is private label usually a little bit lower margin for you or not?

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

I mean, I think overall, I mean, you got to understand, with private label, we're pretty much focusing
on large customers where we get the plant optimization, manufacturing optimizations and distribution
optimization. And it's because we do this whole service for the customer. And from a total margin
perspective, the other thing compared to brand, you don't have things like innovation, marketing, things
like that below there. It's still not -- we'd much rather sell brand. I mean, that is...

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

And from a gross margin standpoint, there's no doubt that private label is lower. I don't want there to be
any misunderstanding about that. [ But I'd say ] from a -- like a return on investment, it's surprisingly
close to brand because of these other expenses and it utilizes existing capacities and so on. But it is -- but
private label certainly is lower gross margin.

Robert Frederick Dickerson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. Makes complete sense. And then just lastly, in terms of the 2% to 4% on the top line, I know
you said you don't really want to break out pricing relative to volumes, but in the prepared -- or in the
press release, sort of you do say that you still expect to grow sales via increased distribution and brand
marketing, et cetera. So I mean, just to be clear, you do expect volumes overall to still be up.

It's kind of basic, but that's it.

Michael R. Smith
Executive VP & CFO

We're nodding our heads, but you can't see. But yes, we certainly do. I mean, we've got a lot of reasons
to believe in our growth plans for 2020. Certainly, there's -- pricing is an element of it. But we have
confidence that we're going to be able to continue to drive our undisputed leadership in spices and
seasonings. We see continued growth opportunities in condiment and in global flavor and particularly
in those areas where we have -- where we've got scale. Notwithstanding the issue in China, which we
hope is short term, we think that emerging markets and channels and platforms are our continued growth
opportunity. And with all of our programs and especially with all of the digital, e-commerce and social
media outreach that we do, we're strengthening our consumer connection. So we feel -- I mean, we have
a lot of reasons to believe that our growth plans for 2020 are solid.

Operator

Thank you. I'll now turn the call over to Lawrence Kurzius for closing remarks.

Lawrence E. Kurzius
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, everyone, for your questions and for participating on today's call.

McCormick is a global leader in flavor, and we're differentiated with a broad and advantaged portfolio
which continues to drive growth. We have a growing and profitable business, and we operate in an
environment that is changing at an ever-faster pace. We're responding readily to changes in the industry
with new ideas, innovation and purpose. With a relentless focus on growth, performance and people, we
continue to perform strong globally and build long-term shareholder value.

I'm proud of our 2019 financial performance while doing what's right for people, our communities and
the planet as well as our positive momentum heading into 2020. I'm confident in delivering our 2020
outlook, another year of strong underlying business performance while making significant investment in
business transformation to fuel our growth and build both the McCormick of the future and shareholder
value. Thank you.

Kasey A. Jenkins
Vice President of Investor Relations
Thank you, Lawrence, and thanks to all for joining today's call. If you have any further questions regarding
today's information, please feel free to contact me. This concludes this morning's call. Have a good day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

MCCORMICK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

