McDonald's Corporation NYSE:MCD
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, October 27, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.47

2.76

Revenue  (mm)

6043.01

6201.30

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-27-2021 12:50 PM GMT

11.74

2.62

2.33

9.01

9.91

5937.30

22970.00

24320.40

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.78

1.82

2.12

2.47

1.70

1.92

2.37

2.76

SURPRISE

(4.49 %)

5.49 %

11.79 %

11.74 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Kevin M. Ozan
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Jared Garber
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Andrew Michael Charles
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Jeffrey Andrew Bernstein
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Brian Hugh Mullan
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

John William Ivankoe
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jon Michael Tower
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Sara Harkavy Senatore
BofA Securities, Research Division

Brian John Bittner
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Christopher Emilio Carril
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

David E. Tarantino
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Dennis Geiger
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Eric Andrew Gonzalez
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Hello, and welcome to McDonald's Third Quarter 2021 Investor Call. At the request of McDonald's
Corporation, this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the
conference over to Mr. Mike Cieplak, Investor Relations Officer, for McDonald's Corporation.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. With me on the call today are President and Chief
Executive Officer, Chris Kempczinski; and Chief Financial Officer, Kevin Ozan.

As a reminder, the forward-looking statements in our earnings release and 8-K filing also apply to our
comments on the call today. Both of those documents are available on our website, as are reconciliations
of any non-GAAP financial measures mentioned on today's call, along with their corresponding GAAP
measures. Following prepared remarks this morning, we'll take your questions. [Operator Instructions]
Today's conference call is being webcast and is also being recorded for replay via our website.

And now I'll turn it over to Chris.

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. As the largest restaurant business in the world, our size
and scale are a competitive advantage that we've built and nurtured for over 6 decades. Our 40,000
restaurants in over 100 countries are predominantly run by local owner operators, connecting the business
to the 40,000 communities in which we operate. These local connections embed a level of agility that
complements our size and scale, enabling local teams to adapt and adjust to operating conditions that
vary by country, community and even restaurant in real time. It's what makes McDonald's special. It's also
how we're able to use scale and agility, how we can be both big and nimble to achieve something truly
unique.

And thanks to the resilience across all 3 legs of our stool: franchisees, suppliers and the company, and
the scale and agility that we deploy collectively, I'm confident in our ability to meet whatever challenges
may confront us. From restrictions driven by new COVID variants, to supply chain pressures and labor
shortages across industries, to any other unknown unknowns.

We're approaching the 1-year anniversary of Accelerating the Arches, which took shape in response to
changing customer needs early in the pandemic. Rooted in the inherent strengths of the McDonald's
System and brand, it's proving to be the right strategy with the right focus at the right time. We're
evolving the customer experience in ways, both large and small, to meet changing customer needs and
maintain our market leadership. Our 3 growth pillars known as our MCDs, marketing, core menu; and the
3Ds of digital, delivery and drive-thru, guide our business. This includes amplifying contactless channels
like delivery and drive-thru and creating digital experiences that are seamless, personalized and easy to
use. We've continued to make excellent progress this past quarter, and I want to thank the McDonald's
people all over the world who are performing under trying conditions.

Let me turn it over to Kevin to walk through our top line results.

Kevin M. Ozan
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Chris. Our third quarter top line results represent a continuation of our broad-based business
momentum around the world, with global comp sales up nearly 13% or 10% on a 2-year basis. Our
International Operated Markets have continued to recover, accelerating 2-year comp trends in the third
quarter to nearly 9%, as most markets operated with fewer government restrictions. There's still varied

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

performance across the big 5 markets within the IOM segment, ranging from strong double-digit 2-year
growth in the U.K. and Canada to low single-digit 2-year growth in Australia, Germany and France, as
those countries have been slower to recover from the pandemic.

The U.K. continued to lead the segment in the third quarter, driven by growth in delivery and digital
channels as well as strong menu and marketing promotions like Monopoly. In Canada, the strong 2-
year comp momentum was driven by successful marketing activity, including core extensions like the
Grand Mac and Spicy Nuggets and growth in the 3Ds of drive-thru, delivery and digital, even as dine-in
restrictions have lifted.

In France and Germany, comp sales exceeded 2019 levels for the first time in the third quarter. Germany's
positive performance was supported by expanded deployment of delivery; the national launch of our
loyalty program, MyMcDonald's Rewards; and a taste of McDonald's promotion featuring value offerings
like McChicken. France benefited from continued strength in delivery and strong menu and marketing
promotions with a focus on Family. Market conditions are challenging with the adoption of vaccine pass
restrictions for both customers and crew in France and several other countries.

Performance in Australia was impacted by significant stay-at-home restrictions, affecting over half of the
restaurants for nearly the entire quarter. While comp sales were relatively flat for the quarter, the market
was positive on a 2-year basis and continued to grow its delivery channel, achieving record delivery
sales for the quarter. As we look ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect the IOM segment to maintain a
relatively similar 2-year comp trend as Q3.

In the U.S., we maintained our momentum with Q3 comp sales up nearly 10% or 14.6% on a 2-year
basis. We continued to see positive comps across all dayparts on a 2-year basis with sustained double-
digit comps at dinner and breakfast. At the same time, franchisees continue to achieve record-high
restaurant cash flow. Our U.S. franchisees have never been better positioned to weather the labor and
inflation pressures while still investing in growth. Performance in the U.S. remains driven by strong
average-check growth, reflecting larger order sizes and menu price increases.

The big bets we've made during the pandemic are paying dividends across the business and enabling
us to maintain our QSR leadership. Menu and marketing efforts with products like the Crispy Chicken
Sandwich and successful Famous Orders like the Saweetie Meal have elevated our brand and helped drive
underlying sales growth across the business. The launch of our loyalty program in the U.S. has exceeded
expectations and is driving increased digital adoption. In just a few short months, we already have over
21 million members enrolled, with over 15 million active loyalty members earning rewards, and we expect
that number to continue to grow. Chris will share more loyalty headlines in a few minutes.

We've reopened nearly 80% of our dining rooms in the U.S. Roughly 3,000 dining rooms remain closed
in high-risk COVID areas as we continue to prioritize the health and safety of our customers and crew.
In restaurants where we have reopened dining rooms, front-counter and kiosk sales remain below
pre-pandemic levels, but we're seeing that even modest increases in these channels helped to relieve
operational pressure in the drive-thru. The strong performance in the U.S. has continued into October.
We're currently seeing low double-digit comps on a 2-year basis, and we expect that to continue through
the rest of the fourth quarter.

Turning to the International Developmental Licensed segment. Comp sales were up nearly 17% for the
quarter or about 5% on a 2-year basis. Performance was largely driven by positive results in Japan
and Latin America, partly offset by negative comps in China. Japan maintained momentum in Q3 with
comps up 13%, achieving an impressive 6 consecutive years of quarterly comp sales growth despite
restaurants operating with government restrictions. The market's performance is being driven by a
continued commitment to serve customers safely and conveniently through our drive-thru and digital
channels as well as strong marketing and limited time promotions.

China continues to be impacted by both COVID resurgences, which restarted in June and lasted
throughout the quarter, and a softening economy. While comps for the quarter were negative, the market
continues to build its digital presence as they now have over 100 million active digital members. In
addition, we've accelerated new restaurant growth in China. With over 500 new restaurants already

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

opened this year, we now expect to open roughly 650 restaurants for the year, exceeding our original plan.
China remains a critically important market for us and one where we have confidence in the long-term
opportunity. So we plan to get even more aggressive in opening new restaurants in this market.

With our strong overall sales performance for the first 3 quarters of the year, we now expect system-wide
sales to be up in the high teens in constant currencies for the full year.

Now I'll turn it back to Chris to talk more about MCD growth pillars driving our global business.

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Kevin. Our results are a testament to the focus of our teams on driving growth through our M, C
and Ds. And we're confident that momentum will continue. After playing a pivotal role in building out our
[ Fan Truth ] strategy in the U.S., Morgan Flatley is transitioning into the role of Global Chief Marketing
Officer. Following the instantly iconic global campaign Morgan developed with BTS, Famous Orders again
crossed borders with both Russia and Spain launching successful campaigns with local celebrities in the
third quarter. These markets leaned into the idea that truly, no matter how big or famous you are or
where you are in the world, everyone has their go-to McDonald's order. As Morgan elevates to the global
role, we're excited to welcome Tariq Hassan to the McFamily as Chief Marketing and Digital Customer
Experience Officer for McDonald's U.S.A. I've known Tariq for many years and I'm confident Tariq will
maintain our marketing momentum in the U.S.

Behind our marketing success is McDonald's craveable core menu. In the U.S., Crispy Chicken Sandwich
sales continue to exceed expectations. This translated into significant growth in QSR chicken market share
as we continue to support the Crispy Chicken Sandwich platform with culturally relevant marketing.

In the U.K., we launched our McSpicy Sandwich, which generated the market's best chicken promotional
results on record. And in Canada, our Spicy McNuggets promotion had a halo effect on McNuggets sales.

This quarter, we introduced the McPlant Sandwich in Austria and the Netherlands as a limited time offer,
and both the U.K. and Ireland launched the McPlant in a limited number of restaurants, with a goal to roll
out nationwide in January. McPlant is available for other markets to pull down based on customer demand.
As always, we'll do what McDonald's does best: listen to our customers. When people are ready for the
McPlant, we'll be ready for them.

Being customer-driven is about more than just menu items. It's also about delivering feel-good
experiences when and where our customers want McDonald's. So we can bring the Golden Arches to as
many customers as possible. That means continuing to increase our engagement across drive-thru, digital
and delivery. As we do that, we're seeing an increase in sales mix across these channels. In our top 6
markets, over 20% of sales, or about $13 billion, year-to-date came through digital channels, whether
it was through our app, kiosk in our restaurants or delivery. Our loyalty program has been an instant
fan favorite and delivers great value to our most loyal customers. It also creates another touch point to
increase engagement and take our relationship with customers to more responsive, more personalized
places.

We're already seeing increased customer satisfaction and higher frequency among digital customers
compared to nondigital. In September, we launched our loyalty program in Germany, quickly amassing
millions of active rewards to customers. And we're on track to bring MyMcDonald's Rewards to Canada by
the end of the year, and the U.K. and Australia in the first half of 2022, which means that by mid-2022,
loyalty programs will be in our top 6 markets, inclusive of France, which has had a strong loyalty program
for many years.

Delivery is another bet we made long before COVID and one that we believe will continue to be a staple
for consumers for years to come. Over the past 5 years, our delivery footprint has grown from just 3,000
of our restaurants to more than 32,000 restaurants across 100 countries. As the needs of our customers
have continued to change, delivery has enabled us to increase our reach and grow sales around the world.
We're actively engaged in discussions with our largest delivery providers to support the extraordinary

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

growth in our delivery business. We look forward to sharing more information on these global partnerships
soon, but this is yet another example of where our scale confers upon us, competitive advantages.

Lastly, our drive-thrus. With the drive-thru presence that is second to none, our drive-thru sales across
our top 6 markets continue to stay elevated versus pre-pandemic levels even as dining rooms reopen.
We've previously shared that we have been testing automated order taking in the drive-thru at several
restaurants in the U.S. This was enabled by our acquisition of Apprente, now known as McD Tech Labs in
2019. These tests have shown substantial benefits to customers and the crew experience.

To enable development and scale deployment of this program, McDonald's has now entered into a
strategic relationship with IBM. In my mind, IBM is the ideal partner for McDonald's, given their expertise
in building AI-powered customer care solutions and voice recognition. IBM will now acquire McD Tech Labs
to further accelerate the development of automated order taking.

We're in a strong position today, focused on executing our plan, running great restaurants and taking
advantage of our unique size and scale to feed and foster communities. For more on our Q3 financials and
our outlook moving forward, I'll turn it back over to Kevin.

Kevin M. Ozan
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Chris. Our strong performance for the quarter resulted in adjusted earnings per share of $2.76,
which excludes a gain as we completed the partial divestiture of our ownership in McDonald's Japan. Our
strong sales generated an increase in restaurant margins of about $500 million for the quarter.

G&A increased about 20% in constant currencies for the quarter, driven by higher incentive-based
compensation expense as a result of company performance exceeding our plan this year. We still expect
G&A to be about 2.4% of system-wide sales for the full year.

Year-to-date adjusted operating margin was 44.3%, reflecting the improved restaurant margins across
all segments and higher other operating income compared to last year. Foreign currency translation
benefited Q3 results by $0.04 per share. Based on current exchange rates, we expect currency to have a
minimal impact on fourth quarter EPS with an estimated full year benefit of $0.21 to $0.23. As usual, this
is directional guidance only as rates will likely change as we move through the rest of the year.

And finally, in September, our Board of Directors approved a 7% dividend increase to the equivalent of
$5.52 annually. This marked 45 years of increasing our dividend for shareholders, further reinforcing
our confidence in accelerating the Arches. We also announced the resumption of our share repurchase
program. As a reminder, we have suspended share buybacks at the beginning of the pandemic as we took
on additional debt to provide liquidity support to the McDonald's system. Since then, we've been focused
on returning to pre-COVID debt ratios that support our strong investment-grade credit rating. Going
forward, we're confident that our operating performance will continue to fuel growth in our already-strong
free cash flow profile. As a result, we're committed to our historical capital allocation priorities. First, to
invest in new restaurants, existing restaurants and opportunities to grow the business. Then we expect to
return all free cash flow to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases over
time.

Now I'll turn it back to Chris to close.

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Kevin. We've accomplished so much the past 20 months. And even though the pandemic has
greatly altered so much in our business and our world, it hasn't changed the simple fact that we're better
together than we are apart.

For a long time, we had to bridge physical separation with technology and new ways of working. But
as vaccines have reached critical mass of people in the U.S. and some places around the world, we're

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

beginning to see a different future taking shape. Finally, we're coming together again in our communities,
and cities around the world are beginning to open up and get back to a new normal.

The same is true for our global McFamily. After being closed for over 1.5 years, the McDonald's
headquarters reopened on October 11, and it was inspiring to see teams collaborating again in person.
To protect the health and safety of our staff, we required all U.S.-based corporate employees to get
vaccinated, and we're continuing to monitor local data and seek guidance from public health officials. Even
though we've only been back for a few short weeks, we have found that working in the office together
spurs a level of collaboration, creativity and connectedness that simply could not be replicated from behind
our screens. And we're going to be doing the same thing with our global system soon.

Next April, in Orlando, franchisees, suppliers and employees will convene for our worldwide convention in
person for the first time in 4 years. It's already shaping up to be an experience unlike any other. Together,
we'll showcase McDonald's bright future. We'll demonstrate the power of technology for our restaurants,
learn how innovation is enhancing the customer experience and discuss plans in the pipeline to drive our
Accelerating the Arches growth plan.

As I've said before, it's not only important that we grow, it's equally important that we grow sustainably
and in ways that positively impact the communities we serve. Driving climate action has been a
centerpiece of our long-term strategy for a while now, and our focus has sharpened. In fact, in 2014, we
established public commitments intended to make our entire system more sustainable by 2020. Among
our goals were to sustainably source 100% of key ingredients, including coffee and beef.

Looking back, this was just the beginning of what would become a much bolder agenda that we are
pursuing with urgency. As the threats to our planet have grown, we are responding with a more ambitious
plan for ourselves and for the entire industry. We achieved many of our 2020 goals ahead of schedule, and
we built upon that momentum to set new ambitious targets. Just this past September, we announced that
we would reduce the use of conventional virgin plastics in Happy Meal toys by 90% by 2025. We recently
announced our ambition to achieve net 0 emissions across global operations by 2050, and we joined the
UN race to 0. And I look forward to sharing more of our sustainability story with climate delegates at the
United Nations Climate Change Conference, known as COP26 in Glasgow next week.
We believe we have both a privilege and a responsibility to help lead on issues that matter most in
communities, and there is no issue more globally important and locally impactful than protecting our
planet for generations to come. This is why I continue to remain optimistic about what lies ahead for
McDonald's. Accelerating the Arches, fortified by our purpose and guided by our values, makes me
confident not just in the future successes of our business, but also for the future of the communities that
we serve. With that, we'll begin Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Our first question is from Andrew Charles with Cowen.

Andrew Michael Charles
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Chris or Kevin, just wanted to ask about the staffing environment. You touched on it a little bit, but to the
degree that it was a headwind in 3Q, to your very strong U.S. same-store sales, I'd be curious from what
we're hearing, it seems to be a bigger issue as the quarter progressed. And you talked about how there's
going to be low double-digit same-store sales in 4Q. You're seeing that in October. You're obviously very
strong, but does just a bit of a deceleration from the very strong sales you saw in the quarter. So curious
if you can help with any numbers to kind of help parse that out a little bit more, given it's a challenge for
everybody. And I would think that McDonald's is better positioned, but not immune.

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Sure. I'll start and then let Kevin fill in any other points on this. But certainly, it's a very challenging
staffing environment in the U.S., a little bit less so in Europe, but still challenging in Europe.

In the U.S., for us, we are seeing, as I've mentioned a few calls ago, that there is wage inflation. Our
franchisees are increasing wages. They're over 10% wage inflation year-to-date that we're seeing in our
McOpCo restaurants. We're up over 15% on wages. And that is having some helpful benefit. Certainly, the
higher wages that you pay, it allows you to stay competitive. But we're also seeing that it's just -- it's very
challenging right now in the market to find the level of talent that you need. And so for us, it is putting
some pressure on things like operating hours, where we might be dialing back late night, for example,
from what we would ordinarily be doing. It's also putting some pressure around speed of service, where
we are down a little bit on speed of service over the last kind of year-to-date and even in the last quarter.
That's also a function of not being able to have the restaurants fully staffed.

But I would just -- I would tell you that it's not unsolvable either. And we're seeing in our McOpCo
restaurants that a really strong focus on the shift manager and providing the training to the shift
managers to keep engaged with the crew to keep the crew motivated that, that can make a difference.
But certainly, I was hoping and expecting that we were going to see the situation improve maybe a little
bit more quickly than what's materialized. And I think it is going to continue to be a difficult environment
for the next several quarters.

Kevin, I don't know if you have anything you want to add.

Kevin M. Ozan
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Just to touch on your point about Q4 2-year comps for the U.S. and I guess the fact that they're
decelerating a little bit from second and third quarter. A couple of things there, I guess, I'd say. One would
be I think we're pretty pleased to see 2-year comps in low double digits. That's certainly higher than our
historical levels. And if we're able to sustain that for a long period of time, I think we'd be pretty happy
with that. Certainly, there have been some changes that have gone on related to more of the full-service
restaurants reopening, stimulus benefits, unemployment benefits rolling off. And so we weren't sure how
much that would impact our results and are pretty pleased that we're still able to achieve the double-digit
comps. And so I think we feel pretty good about going into fourth quarter right now in the U.S.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Our next question is from Eric Gonzalez with KeyBanc.

Eric Andrew Gonzalez
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

My question is on pricing. I'm just wondering if you can comment on the current level of pricing in the U.S.
system or maybe discuss what you think is the appropriate level in the current environment and whether
you're seeing any consumer pushback?

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks for the question, Eric. Certainly, pricing and cost pressures are a bigger focus over the last
few quarters than they had been previously. Last quarter, I think I talked about how we were seeing
roughly a 6% increase year-over-year in the U.S. We are still seeing that, and that's pretty much the level
we expect for the full year 2021 over 2020, right around that 6%. And that's really to cover both labor
cost pressures and commodity cost pressures that we're seeing.

If we step back for a second, obviously, we're all seeing the environment out there on a global basis,
which is some pressure on commodities, certainly some pressure on labor availability and cost, supply
chain disruptions, et cetera, that are all putting some pressure. We haven't seen, I'll say, any more
resistant to our price increases than we've seen historically. So that -- the 6% has been pretty well
received by customers. We do certainly have a very big focus to make sure that we are balancing cost
pressures and being able to cover those, with making sure that our value perception by customers
continue to be favorable. And we are continuing to see those surveys and scores, from a value favorability
perspective, still positive from customers. So we'll continue to keep an eye on it.

From a commodity perspective, commodities were up roughly 2% or so through the first 9 months, but
we expect for the full year for those to be up roughly 3.5% to 4%, which will put a little bit of additional
pressure on the fourth quarter, obviously. And then going into next year from a food and paper cost
perspective, we would expect our cost to be up relatively in line with the industry. Right now, that
expectation is roughly mid-single digits. And so we will continue to keep an eye both on the cost side and
the pricing side.

Both we and our franchisees, over the last couple of years, have been using a third party for pricing
advisory services, if you will, using a pretty deep consumer-based research approach. And so we have, I
think, more science built into our pricing decisions that take into account market conditions, competitive
factors, et cetera. So like I said, we'll keep a close eye on cost and pricing. But right now, so far, it's been
received okay by customers.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Our next question is from Jared Garber with Goldman Sachs.

Jared Garber
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to shift the topic a little bit over to the unit growth side of the equation. And if you can give us
an update on what you're seeing in terms of unit opens and the availability of both labor and equipment
and construction and permitting across both the U.S. and international segments. I think the IOM segment
came in a bit light in terms of unit opens this quarter, but you also increased the net unit growth for the
year. So just any color on framing out some of the puts and takes there would be really helpful.

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Yes. Thanks, Jared, for the question. I'll take that. I think it is fair to say, again, just thinking about the
global environment, there are certainly supply chain challenges across the world on various things related
to kitchen equipment; technology equipment; I'll say, pandemic-related disruptions; slower permitting
times. All the things that you mentioned are making it a bigger challenge, I'll say, to get restaurants open
than historically.

For this year, we still expect roughly, in our IOM and U.S. markets, it's down a little bit from where we
were previously. There will be a few that will spill over now into 2022. That's more of a timing issue than
anything else. And so because of things taking a little bit longer, some of the openings that we thought we
may be able to get done this year will spill into beginning of 2022.

Going forward, I think we're still bullish on openings. We still expect our openings to increase, both in our
wholly owned markets as well as our developmental licensed markets next year. The increase that you saw
right now for 2021 is being primarily driven by China and a few other developmental licensed markets. So
that's why the overall openings is up this year.

But I'd say overall, it's a bigger challenge than it has been, but our supply chain does a phenomenal job
of kind of just managing the whole process, making sure that we've got contingency plans. We're in touch
extremely frequently with all of our suppliers. And I feel pretty good about where we are compared to
where others may be just because of the strength of our supply chain. But I think it is fair to say that it's a
bigger challenge than it's been historically.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Our next question is from Jeff Bernstein with Barclays.

Jeffrey Andrew Bernstein
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Just a question on the IOM markets. It sounds like you mentioned the recovery is somewhat staggered.
Just wondering kind of your bigger picture thoughts in terms of whether you expect the comp recovery
in, I believe, you said Australia, Germany and France, whether you think those markets will ultimately
accelerate to the U.K. and Canada levels and maybe providing the next leg of comp growth. Or on the flip
side, are there reasons why you think those markets will continue to lag, whether structural or otherwise?
Any thoughts there would be great.

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Yes, sure. I'll start off and then again, Kevin can pick up anything that I missed here. But I think overall,
we remain very optimistic about our international portfolio. In the markets where we're seeing restrictions
relaxed, those businesses are bouncing back and bouncing back in a very healthy way.

The markets that you mentioned, like in Australia, like in France, they have certainly had to navigate a
more restrictive COVID environment. We did get a peak earlier in the year when things appeared to be
getting better before the Delta variant that those markets were poised to spring back.

So from our expectation, as soon as the conditions in those markets start to become more favorable
in terms of being able to return to normal operating conditions, we expect those markets are going to
perform in a very healthy way because that's how they were performing pre-pandemic. So there's nothing
structural that would make us concerned about their ability to bounce back.

Kevin M. Ozan
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

The only other thing I'd add is there are a couple of countries, the Spain and a little bit of France also,
where they are more reliant on tourism. So as tourism starts getting back and returning a lot, that should
help those countries, too. But some of the slower countries to come back are some of the more tourist-
heavy countries as well as having some of these vaccine passports that just add some logistical challenges

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

with kind of checking customers coming in. But as Chris said, there isn't anything structural that prevent
all those countries from coming back strong.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Our next question is from Brian Bittner with Oppenheimer.

Brian John Bittner
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

You had a breakout operating margin performance in 3Q, and your consolidated EBIT margins year-to-
date are now above 44%. And so the question is, how do you want us to think about the EBIT margin
opportunity in a post-2021 world? Is there an opportunity to keep expanding from this elevated EBIT
margin level? I know there's more opportunity to leverage G&A and leverage D&A. But there's also a lot of
inflation out there. So any color would be helpful.

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks for the question, Brian. Relating to our operating margins, I think at our investor update last
year, we talked about for '21 and '22, we thought operating margins would be pretty much in the mid to
low 40s. I think that's still our thinking right now. There will be some near-term moderation potentially
of restaurant margins as some of the labor costs and commodity costs kick in, but we also expect to get
leverage as sales are improving.

We're currently in the midst of working through our 2022 plan. So I don't have exactly specifics. But I
think generally, that mid to low 40s is the way we've been thinking about it, both for this year and for next
year.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Our next question is from David Tarantino with Baird.

David E. Tarantino
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

I was hoping that you would elaborate a little bit more on the loyalty program and what you're seeing
there in the early stages and just in terms of kind of what it's doing to the business currently. And then
also, if you could give some perspective on how you're collecting data and what you're planning to use or
to do with the data that you're collecting as you move into the next few years?

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Well, we're really pleased with how loyalty is starting off in the U.S. We're seeing a similar very
nice start to it in Germany and Canada. So we are -- the more we learn about loyalty, the more optimistic
that we get about loyalty. I think for us, in terms of what that means for the business long term, certainly
that the benefits you get with the loyalty program is the ability to increase frequency. And in the markets
where we operate, roughly 80% of the population visits a McDonald's once a year.

So it's not that we have a reach opportunity, it's about driving frequency in this business. And we've seen
in the places that where we have deployed loyalty that it absolutely does increase customer frequency. So
for us, that's really encouraging.

I think to the broader point of what do you do with the data, we had set out earlier an aspiration where
we wanted to have 40% of our customers be known customers. Today, that number is probably only about
5% of the customers where we actually know who is the customer, what do they buy, what have they
bought previously. And then you can imagine all sorts of things that you're able to learn about customers
and their preferences when you're able to get more and more of your transactions where you know

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

who the customer is. And loyalty is certainly the way that you get that customer to engage and share
information with you.

So for us, I think we're just getting started on it, but very optimistic about what loyal -- loyalty can do in
this business. And by mid next year, we're going to have loyalty in our top 6 markets. So I think the ability
to give you a better idea of what exactly it's doing for the business, I think once we have that kind of scale
and roll out, we'll be able to talk with even more specificity about it.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Next question is from Dennis Geiger with UBS.

Dennis Geiger
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Chris, just wondering if you could speak a bit more to the strong momentum that you've got in the U.S.
and roughly how you maintain that momentum and the market share gains going forward. I know you've
been asked this question coming into the year and throughout the year. And I think you've consistently
suggested the momentum would continue despite having to lap some of the strong results that you've
gone up against, and you folks have done just that. So just kind of curious if you have any additional
thoughts from here about how to think about that U.S. momentum going into '22, just perhaps framing up
some of the key existing initiatives that maybe you've already touched on. And then at a high level, any
kind of upcoming things that will help support that momentum as we go into next year.

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Well, I think a shout-out to the U.S. team and our owner operators for doing a great job of
sustaining that momentum, as you mentioned, through what continues to be a challenging environment
for all the reasons that have come up on this call, labor challenges, commodity inflation, et cetera. I think
the momentum that we're seeing in the U.S. business is not something that just came about in the last
couple of years. This was something that started several years ago with the foundation that we've put
in place in the U.S. And the foundation was around modernizing our estate, improving the food, making
investments in digital and delivery. And I think the fact that we were able to get all those things sort of
embedded in the business back in, call it, 2017, 2018 set us up really well for what none of us could have
predicted, which is what we've now experienced through COVID.

So I think for us, what I feel good about with the U.S. is we've got sort of the foundational elements in
place for this business to outperform or perform quite well for an extended period of time. As to how you
do that, it's going to be back to the strategy that we have with Accelerating the Arches. It's a focus on
great marketing, driving core menu and outperforming on the 3Ds: delivery, drive-thru and digital.

And so for us, message that I'm talking about to the teams internally is we have the right strategy. It's
all about execution. And we've got to execute at a really high level. If we do that, on those 3 dimensions,
then I'm confident. But we also can't get complacent. And I think there's a good healthy level of dialogue
going on in the U.S. right now about just keeping that hunger, keeping that momentum going. And once
you've got it, you don't want to give it up, and that's the mindset right now.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Next question is from John Glass with Morgan Stanley.

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

First, on delivery, can you just update? I know you gave the total digital mix. What delivery makes up of
that? And maybe quickly just since post-COVID, there's been acceleration in that, kind of where it stands
now versus prior. You also, Chris, talked about maybe being more strategic in your partner, picking your

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

partners in delivery. I just wonder if you could expand on that. And just finally, Kevin, I just want to make
sure I understand. If you're selling the tech labs or transferring it to IBM, is there anything material we
should know about either G&A or anything that would impact the financials due to that transaction?

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

We're trying to get all the parts of that question. Yes. I'll do the delivery question while Kevin is going
through his notes on the other parts of this. But -- so we don't share a specific breakout on delivery, but
suffice to say, delivery for us continues to be a really important driver for us. The business has grown by
billions and billions. I think it's fair to share over the last several years. And we're continuing to see, even
as markets reopen and things start to get back to normal in places where they're able to get the dining
room, et cetera, back open, delivery remains elevated. And so for us, I think what has become apparent
is delivery was meeting a customer need that I don't think any of us fully appreciated even maybe a few
years ago. So it's here to stay.

What we're trying to do with our partners, the way that we had approached some of our delivery
conversations previously with our 3PO partners, in many cases, those were discussions that were
happening at the market level. And when you are a company the size and scale of McDonald's, we
certainly have, we believe, a great proposition for 3PO partners on a global basis.

And so what we're trying to do through these conversations is leverage the fact that we are the largest
restaurant company in the world, that we have an ability to drive traffic onto 3PO apps that we think is
second to none. And that, that should be reflected in the rates that we're paying with our 3PO partners.
So those conversations are proceeding, but I'd say there is a good recognition on both sides that we need
each other. And I'm optimistic that we'll be able to get to a good resolution on that in the next couple of
months.

Kevin M. Ozan
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

And then just to follow up on your question related to the -- our transaction with IBM and the potential
impact of that, there shouldn't be much of a financial statement impact of that. We had generally -- I
forget, maybe about less than 100 people, I think, that were associated with that business. And so those
folks will now go work with IBM.

Really, the reason we're doing this with IBM is to be able to have someone that can take how far we've
gotten right now with the solution and be able to kind of finish the development and then help us deploy
this at scale. And so we're going to use their expertise certainly in AI and everything that they've learned
from Watson, et cetera. But it isn't a big financial statement impact, plus or minus, I'll say, going forward
from that.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Our next question is from Chris Carril with RBC.

Christopher Emilio Carril
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

So just following up on the U.S. business, you noted the benefit to average check from larger order sizes
and menu pricing, which you gave us some detail on a little while ago. Can you comment on your view of
the sustainability of recent average check drivers? It seems like some of the recent guest behaviors are
remaining consistent around group ordering, maybe perhaps longer than expected. So curious as to your
thoughts around your ability or focus on maintaining check growth and perhaps how digital helps drive this
going forward?

Kevin M. Ozan
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Yes. I'll try, and I'll let Chris add on to this one. It's a good question, because you're right. I think early
on in the pandemic, I think we believed that the average check would decline quicker than it certainly
has. And I think the reason right now at least is because the channels that much of our sales are going
through, which continue to be things like drive-thru, delivery, digital, as you mentioned, people are still
going through and ordering for several people. If you're getting delivery, you're getting it for your family
or for at least a couple of people. If -- a lot of the folks going through drive-thru are getting orders for
several people. And so we are seeing those larger order sizes continue. And I think at least some of that
will be stickier than we originally may have thought. So we don't anticipate, certainly in the near term,
average check returning back to the level that was at pre-pandemic.

I think -- I lost my train of thought, but I do think we will continue to see -- the check continue to grow
as those channels continue to grow. And like I said, we're not seeing any degradation of that check at this
point.

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Maybe just to fill in here a few things, and I'll go back and quote my CFO from something that he said
several quarters ago, which is we're still selling more stuff. We're still selling more sandwiches. We're still
selling more fries. And so from a unit standpoint, while we certainly are looking at traffic, the absolute
volume of what we're selling is continuing to grow. And for me, that's a really good barometer about the
health of this business.

I think, as to whether that's sustained, whether these larger parties, larger order sizes sustain, we're
going to follow the customer to whichever way they want to go. If the customer starts to come back and
split the ticket and we have smaller check, I think so long as we continue to focus on the execution, we'll
be just fine on that. But certainly, I think what you're seeing right now, and what we're expecting is that
some of the benefits that we're seeing around larger check and the mix, the channel mix that goes with
that, we're expecting that to continue.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Our next question is from Lauren Silberman with Credit Suisse.

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I wanted to ask about the McPlant test in the U.S. Can you talk about what you've heard from consumers
with respect to demand for a plant-based option? And then from a franchisee perspective, both the
demand to off-the-plant-based option on the menu, particularly given the current operating backdrop?
And it looks like the test is being conducted in different cities. Is there anything you can share on
differences in demand across the market from the perspective of both consumers and franchisees?

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think in the U.S., it's really early to be making any kind of readout on what we're learning. I would
point out, it's in less than 10 restaurants in the U.S. It's largely an operations test right now.

Now there are other markets that are further along. The U.K. is in 250 restaurants, and they're going
to be planning on doing a full national rollout in the U.K. in Q1. In that situation, I think we have more
evidence that it is filling an unmet need that certainly existed in the U.K. on their menus. So early results
in the U.K. are very encouraging. A couple of other markets as well in Europe have seen success with
McPlant and the rollout on that.

So I think this is one where we've said all along, we're going to let the markets decide when is the best
time to pull it down based on what the customer acceptance or interest is in this concept. I think certainly,
I can say at this point, there are definitely a couple of European markets where there is customer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

acceptance for it. Whether that is a broad-based acceptance in the U.S., I think we'll learn that over the
next several quarters.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Our next question is from Brian Mullan with Deutsche Bank.

Brian Hugh Mullan
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Just a follow up on the unit growth topic specific to the IOM segment. Putting aside transitory-related and
timing-related issues, do you see any opportunity to go faster on development there over the next few
years versus what you might have previously been planning for prior to the pandemic? And if you do see
increased opportunity, is there any kind of upper limit in terms of the number of gross openings that make
sense for that business? Is it just a function of managing the level of CapEx spend that you're comfortable
with? Or are there actual operational constraints to think about, too?

Kevin M. Ozan
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks for the question, Brian. I think to be fair, we had started thinking about accelerating some
of the openings internationally, even pre-pandemic. Certainly, nothing that's happened in the pandemic
has changed our thinking at all related to that and, if anything, I think, just reinforces our opportunity to
continue growing in many of those International Operated Markets.

As far as any constraints, I think the constraints really are -- from a market perspective, there is kind
of a sweet spot of what they can open in terms of building a pipeline, having the right real estate
representatives, opening in a way that it isn't disruptive to the rest of the market. So we do have a lot of
tools that we use to determine kind of what the appropriate opening level is for the markets.

I think we do have opportunity to open quicker in many of those markets than we have been. And I think
our expectation is that we will continue to grow in many of those International Operated Markets where
we still believe there's a lot of opportunity. We're just in the midst of going through our plans right now for
2022. So I don't have specifics yet for 2022. But I think it is fair to say that we would expect our openings
next year to be higher than they are in 2021 and continue to kind of increase that level for a little while
where we will.

We've talked about unit growth being about 1.5% to 2% contribution to sales growth. Right now, we're at
the lower end of that, more of the 1.5%, and likely not a lot above that for '22 because it really relates to
'21 openings. But as we go on, I would expect that to get closer to that 2% contribution.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Next question is from John Ivankoe with JPMorgan.

John William Ivankoe
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

What about drive-thru, digital and delivery? The question really is on dine-in. And as you've seen various
consumers in various markets respond in a post-COVID environment in terms of their behavior, what are
you kind of thinking about using dine-in longer term? And do you have an opportunity to pivot that asset
even further to focus more on the off-premise consumer as we think about leveraging all of the assets, not
just part of it.

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Yes, it's a great question, and it is one that we're thinking about. It's something that is now on the plate
for Manu Steijaert. Manu is, as we announced, I think, last quarter it was, that he's the Chief Customer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Officer. And one of the things that fits in Manu's portfolio is he has both restaurant design operations as
well as the customer experience. And so thinking about what is going to be the consumer acceptance on a
sustaining basis for dine-in coming out of this and then what are the implications of that, I would add, we
have a lot of play places in our restaurants, what is the implication for the play space.

So we are just now starting to think about that and think about potential scenarios for how you might
reuse the space, if dine-in doesn't come back to the level that it was pre-pandemic. But I think right now,
it's still a little bit preliminary just because there's still noise in the dine-in numbers that I don't want to
do anything hasty here until we just get a better beat on what does dine-in sustain at. But it's certainly
something for us to be thinking about.

Kevin M. Ozan
Corporate Executive VP & CFO

The only other thing I'd add is on the international side, certainly in Europe, dine-in is a bigger percentage
of our sales and is an important part of that business. And we have seen dine-in return. I mean, kiosk
usage is getting back to almost where it was pre-pandemic. And so the Family business is very important
in Europe. And so to Chris' point, we got to be careful about what we do because it isn't the same around
the world as far as dine-in business and how customers view that side of the business.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Our next question is from Sara Senatore with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

Sara Harkavy Senatore
BofA Securities, Research Division

I wanted to sort of go back to the technology piece, in particular, on what I would characterize as big
data. I know you're partnering with IBM because they have expertise. But as I think about loyalty, one
of the things that, I think, has emerged is that's really about it's not just the data, it's what you do with
it. Are there opportunities to partner, whether it's IBM or other tech companies, within loyalty or maybe
more broadly that you see where outside expertise would be useful? And maybe more specifically, is this
a signal as to how you're thinking about technology in-sourcing versus outsourcing? So where McDonald's
should own the technology or really has specific expertise and maybe customer-facing or UI versus some
of the sort of behind-the-scenes capabilities? So just anything you can signal about that. And longer term,
as we think about your technology budget, does this change over time, not just with Apprente but more
broadly.

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Sara. And I think this is one where I'd go back to the conversation you and I had, I don't
know, it's probably several quarters ago now on this topic of how do we think about technology, what's
in-sourced, what's outsourced. And my thinking then is the same as my thinking now, which is there
are certain times where it may make sense for us to go acquire a technology so that we can accelerate
the development of that, make sure that it is bespoke to McDonald's needs. But at some point, that
technology reaches a level of development where I think getting it to a partner who can then blow it out
and scale it globally makes more sense.

And so I think what we did with Apprente is very much consistent with that philosophy, which is we've
had it for a couple of years. I've been really pleased with how the team has progressed, the development
of that. We're seeing some very encouraging results in the restaurants that we have it. But there's
still a lot of work that needs to go into introducing other languages, being able to do it across 14,000
restaurants with all the various menu permutations, et cetera. And that work is beyond the scale of our
core competencies, if you will.

And so I think in this case, IBM is a natural partner for us. I think going forward, it's going to be very
much on a case-by-case basis as to when we just -- we go from day 1 with a partner versus where we

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

might bring something in-house for a period of time. But the nice thing about being McDonald's is we're
everybody's first call when it comes to a partner in the restaurant industry. And so we have a really good
visibility to the various partners out there. And certainly, our -- I think our overall view is we are best on
a long-term sustaining basis to use others externally partnering. But again, there may be time to time
where there's benefit for us from being able to accelerate and learn to have it in for a period of time.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Our next question is from Jon Tower with Wells Fargo.

Jon Michael Tower
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I'm just hoping to tie it into some earlier questions. I was wondering if you could get into how your
customer demographics may be shifting in the U.S.? And specifically, it seems like either through product
innovation, obviously, new mediums in terms of ordering or even in marketing, you're talking to a younger
customer than you've been talking to for years. So I'm wondering if that's actually showing up in the data?
And if frequency is changing amongst that group, which is obviously a good lead indicator for a longer-
term demand for the business. But if you wouldn't mind expanding, that would be great.

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Well, I think not just in our industry but across, I'd say, most consumer industries, the youth and
the preferences and desires of the youth drive consumer demand, whether it's in apparel, beverages,
restaurant, et cetera. And so it becomes a very natural demographic target. That 18 to 35 target is, you
know from a media standpoint, probably the most coveted, the most expensive demographic to reach,
because of the brand preferences that get formed at an early age and that sustain over the lifetime value
of that customer.

So I think you're absolutely spot-on in observing that we have made a more demonstrable push against
that demographic. And I expect that, that's going to continue. And it's one that we believe at McDonald's
that we have a brand that can be part of culture. And we probably have not -- in my view, we haven't
done enough to lean into the stature of our brand and culture and how we can connect to that. And so I
think finding properties, finding a message that resonate with youth but also resonate more broadly in
culture for us is a big upside opportunity.

And we're seeing other markets. The U.S. started some of this, but we're seeing other markets like Russia,
like Spain pick up on the Famous Orders concept and getting very similar results on that. And just to me,
it speaks to our -- the ability of this brand and what we can do with it.

I think in terms of how is that changing the mix, it's still early days on this. So I think we are seeing
certainly the brand sentiment improving, but we're also having to move a pretty big boat here. And so
we're not yet seeing it show up in terms of a big demographic shift within the business. But frankly, nor
did we. This is something that I think for us is going to sustain over several years. And it's -- again, it's
about making sure that our brand is one that is as powerful in the future as it has been in the past.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

We have time for one last question from David Palmer with Evercore.

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

A quick technical question. Was there a gap between the company and franchise same-store sales growth?
Particularly in the IOM, and especially on 2-year, I ask that because I remember you used to have a lot of
company stores in urban centers, which I would imagine would be slower to recover. But my bigger picture
question was on free cash flow. Do you anticipate the free cash flow yield moving up over time? I would

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

imagine that over 100% would be achievable given the gap between depreciation and maintenance CapEx
on the owned real estate franchise restaurants. And if you agree, when do you think you could get there?
And perhaps you can give us a window into how you're thinking about growth CapEx, of course, which
would be in that answer.

Christopher J. Kempczinski
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Let me start with your comp question, I guess. For the third quarter at least, both the U.S. and IOM,
comps were a little bit higher in -- with franchisees than they were with company operated. That's not
dramatically different than historical, I'll say. So for a while, that's generally been the trend. Some of that
is driven certainly in the U.S., depending on what the location of where our company-operated stores are
versus others. But in general, franchisees are running a little bit ahead of company-operated on a comp
basis. And that is what we saw both in the third quarter and on a year-to-date basis, I'll say, this year.

Related to free cash flow, we've said we expect our free cash flow coverage to conversion to be greater
than 90%, both for this year and going forward. I don't want to surmise of when or if it could get to over
100%. For now, we're going to stay with that over 90%. I think we are seeing that we have a pretty
healthy flow-through that -- in our P&L that converts to free cash flow.

The big question right now, and again, as I mentioned a couple of times, we're still in our planning phase
to look at capital requirements and what that means related to some of the opening opportunities that I
mentioned earlier, et cetera. So we've got to take all those pieces into account to figure out what the free
cash flow profile looks for several years. We do expect free cash flow dollars to continue to grow. And I
would expect that free cash flow conversion certainly to stay at high levels.

Mike Cieplak
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Thank you, Chris. Thank you, Kevin. Thanks, everyone, for joining. Have a great day.

Operator
Thank you. This does conclude McDonald's Corporation Investor Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MCDONALD'S CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

