McKesson Corporation NYSE:MCK
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, May 20, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

4.10

4.27

4.15

3.08

14.80

14.95

1.01

15.48

55601.71

58535.00

5.28

56226.25

228117.77

231051.00

1.29

234486.97

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-19-2020 10:30 AM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

3.01

3.59

3.49

4.10

3.31

3.60

3.81

4.27

9.97 %

0.28 %

9.17 %

4.15 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

14

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 20, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

Holly Weiss
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Brian Gil Tanquilut
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Eric R. Percher
Nephron Research LLC

Eric White Coldwell
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Glen Joseph Santangelo
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Kevin Caliendo
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Lisa Christine Gill
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Robert Patrick Jones
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Stephen C. Baxter
Wolfe Research, LLC

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 20, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to McKesson's Q4 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to
turn the call over to Holly Weiss. Please go ahead.

Holly Weiss
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Lashana. Good morning, and welcome, everyone, to McKesson's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2020
Earnings Call. Today, I'm joined by Brian Tyler, our Chief Executive Officer; and Britt Vitalone, our Chief
Financial Officer. Brian will lead off, followed by Britt, and then we will move to a question-and-answer
session.

Today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, such as forecast about McKesson's operations
and future results. Please refer to the cautionary statements in today's press release and our slide
presentation and to the Risk Factors section of our periodic SEC filings for additional information
concerning risk factors that could cause our actual results to materially differ from those in our forward-
looking statements. During this call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Additional information
about our non-GAAP financial measures, including a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP results,
is included in today's press release and presentation slides, which are available on our website at
investor.mckesson.com.

With that, let me turn it over to Brian.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Thank you, Holly, and good morning, everybody. Appreciate you being with us on the call today. I sincerely
hope that you and your families and your communities are staying healthy and safe as we navigate
through these really extraordinary times.

Today, we reported a strong finish to our fiscal 2020 with the trends we saw in the fourth quarter prior to
the COVID-19 pandemic reflecting a continuation of the momentum we experienced coming into and really
throughout our fiscal year. Throughout McKesson's 187-year history, we've demonstrated time and time
again our ability to adapt and swiftly respond to the evolving needs of our customers, particularly in trying
times, and the resiliency in the long-term strength of our business model.

Today, my remarks will echo similar themes. I want to walk you through McKesson's response to the
COVID-19 pandemic and the essential role we play in the health care supply chain, the progress we've
made this year against our strategic priorities and our FY '20 results, including the impact COVID-19
had on our fiscal fourth quarter. I also want to talk about why I'm confident that McKesson remains well
positioned now and especially over the longer term.

Before I begin, I want to acknowledge and really sincerely thank all of those who are working so tirelessly
to keep us healthy and safe during this crisis, including our customers and all frontline health care
professionals, nurses, physicians, first responders literally around the world. Thank you to each and every
one of our 80,000 McKesson associates for their passion, their energy, in many cases, courage these past
several months, working around the clock to maintain McKesson's operations and support our customers
and frontline caregivers during these challenging times.

I want to particularly recognize our colleagues who are on our front lines, like those at our distribution
centers and our pharmacies in Canada and Europe supporting community practices and our transportation
professionals. Your commitment to making it happen, going the extra mile for our customers and rallying
around one another in these times, it's -- well, it's just what makes McKesson's culture so special that
makes me incredibly proud to be part of team McKesson.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 20, 2020

As one of the largest health care companies in the world, we have, and we will continue to play an
essential role in addressing the COVID-19 pandemic. Our response has been guided by the key principles
of protecting health and safety for the health care supply chain, for our customers and for our employees
and the communities in which we all live.

Early on, we enacted our Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery plans across the organization in order
to maintain high-functioning operations around the globe. We assembled a Critical Care Drug Task force
comprised of our sourcing specialists and individuals with clinical backgrounds in health systems pharmacy
to review guidelines and protocols and to forecast changing pharmaceutical and medical product demand.
This task force, in conjunction with guidance from our government partners, is working to predict, allocate
and extend supply availability to serve the rapidly changing needs of our customers. In addition, our
ClarusONE and our global sourcing teams in London are working closely with manufacturers to understand
their plans and to create new capacity or scale up production so that we can be prepared to swiftly react
as a supply chain in the coming weeks, months and years ahead.

McKesson is partnering with government agencies at the federal, state and local level along with other
industry leaders to creatively solve for the most complex and pressing issues this crisis presents. As
demand surges for personal protective equipment or PPE, McKesson is doing everything within our power
to identify new sources, manufacturers and markets for these critically needed products. We are very
proud of our partnership with Walmart to produce and deliver medical gowns to the U.S. Our 2 companies
have collaborated in an entirely new way by bringing expert teams together and moving with remarkable
speed, which has led to 2 million additional medical gowns in our country supply to date, and we expect
roughly 10 million will be added by the end of June.

In Europe and Canada, our retail pharmacies have remained open, providing the essential community-
based care that our customers rely on. We implemented several changes in our retail pharmacies to
ensure our customers feel comfortable and safe, including limiting the number of customers in stores,
installing protective shields at pharmacy counters, dedicating shopping times for seniors and for first
responders and regularly disinfecting all high-touch areas. We're also expanding our pharmacy services
to include virtual health offerings, home delivery in certain markets and increased online pharmacy
capabilities. We've undertaken multiple measures to protect and promote the well-being of our employees.
These include comprehensive sanitation protocols for our distribution centers and office facilities; work-
from-home technology for our office-based employees; enhanced medical benefits, including telemedicine
and wellness offerings; and emergency paid sick leaves.

Some of our very first actions were to recognize the stress that this situation would put on our frontline
workers and our communities, so we made special payments to reward the hard work of our associates
on the front line and to bring some comfort and sense of calm to their families. We increased funding to
our Take Care of Our Own Fund to help with expenses, such as child care, groceries, housing and utilities.
And we increased our foundation funding to support our communities in their time of great need, including
donations to support local food banks in communities where McKesson distribution centers are located
around the U.S. Our approach to address the pandemic underscores our value system and how we carry
out our vision to improve care in every setting, one product, one partner, one patient at a time.

Turning now to our financial performance. We're going to review our fiscal 2020 results, our fiscal 2021
outlook and why we're so confident in McKesson's long-term future, despite the near-term uncertainties
that are really facing everyone.

In fiscal 2020, McKesson delivered strong revenue and adjusted operating profit growth across the
business. Our fiscal '20 adjusted earnings per diluted share result of $14.95, which was up 10% versus
the prior year, reflects continuing momentum and transformation within our business. Coming into
the CEO role a little over a year ago, I focused the organization around 3 strategic priorities, which I
shared during our analyst meeting in December. I'd remind you, these priorities were: growing our
core U.S. pharma business, investing in the areas where we have differentiated capability and growth
prospects; and simplifying the business and better aligning the organization. I'm extremely pleased with
the meaningful progress we made in executing against these strategic priorities in fiscal '20.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 20, 2020

In our U.S. Pharmaceutical Specialty and Solutions (sic) [ U.S. Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions ]
segment, we finished the year with the highest level of adjusted operating profit growth in our last 4
fiscal years. And we again this year successfully renewed large customers while being disciplined in our
approach to the market, most recently, having been selected by the VA to continue to serve as their prime
pharmaceutical vendor.

We believe our strong value proposition and superior customer service quality are foundational to this
success. Our cost and working capital efficiencies underpin this growth and further fuel the strategic
investments we're making in the business. We view our investments in data and analytics as investments
in foundational capability, leveraging our scale to deliver greater value for our customers.

We're also making investments into areas where we believe we have differentiated capability and
opportunity for growth. In alignment with our strategic growth initiatives, we're expanding our
manufacturer value proposition to drive more innovation, better patient outcomes and additional
uptake for our manufacturer partners. We're harnessing our decades of experience in patient access
and adherence programs and combining it with the connectivity and reach of CoverMyMeds within our
MRxTS business to deliver new capabilities at accelerated speed. And we continue to prioritize specialty
as a key area of future growth and investment. We have been building and investing in our portfolio
of differentiated specialty assets for more than a decade, which gives us great expertise in areas like
oncology.

Our third strategic priority center around simplifying the business and aligning the organization. We are
becoming a more focused, more aligned and more agile company, a foundation that served us well during
our COVID-19 pandemic response. In fiscal '20, we transformed our operating model through initiatives
like our Spend Smart program and centralizing functional services across North America and in Europe.
Evidence of our success in rationalizing costs and streamlining back-office functions is also reflected in our
positive European segment fiscal '20 results.

Our Canadian business successfully streamlined its organization structure to better serve our retail
and wholesale operations customers. This strategic change, combined with the continued execution of
actions taken in the prior year, translated into good profit growth for the Canadian business this year.
We also invested a significant amount of time in our culture transformation and leveraged our corporate
headquarters relocation to Texas to strengthen our management team. Five new members have joined
my management team this year, and I could not be more pleased with how quickly the team has united
together to execute our strategic and cultural priorities.

One of the most visible accomplishments we made in fiscal '20 towards simplifying the business was the
completion of our exit of Change Healthcare. This is a significant milestone in our company's history that
was nearly 4 years in the making, and we're pleased to deliver on our commitment to create shareholder
value through a tax-efficient exit.

Let me turn now to the trends that we're currently seeing on our business and how we're planning ahead
for fiscal 2021 in light of these near-term macro uncertainties. I'll discuss these trends really in kind of
more real-time granularity than we typically would, and then Britt will further elaborate on my comments.
We really want to help you understand how the rapidly evolving environment impacted not just our FY '20
results, but also our FY '21 outlook.

I'll start in the U.S. and specialty solutions segment. We saw increased demand in pharmaceutical sales
during the month of March as consumers prepared for an extended stay at home. In turn, pharmaceutical
sales declined below prepandemic levels in April, coinciding with the start of our fiscal year. More
pronounced was the decline in specialty provider volumes, primarily in the non-oncology markets.

In oncology, as evidenced by U.S. oncology practices, despite a decline in routine office visits, such as
consults and follow-ups, we are seeing relative signs of stability in oncology volumes as patients remain
on their treatment regimens. In our medical business, our alternate-site customers are facing significant
headwinds, with providers and surgery centers seeing sharp declines in office visits due to shelter-in-place
guidelines that have taken effect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 20, 2020

In our technology, our MRxTS business, we're seeing lower prior authorization volumes as a result of
provider office closures and relaxed and sometimes extended requirements from payers. And in Canada
and Europe, our retail pharmacy operations are navigating how to adapt to changing consumer needs as
retail traffic is impacted by social distancing guidelines.

While it is still early in the quarter, we are currently seeing positive indicators and encouraging signs
across all of our businesses that activities are beginning to pick up in the communities where shelter-in-
place guidelines are being relaxed. With this as our environmental backdrop, we carefully and thoughtfully
constructed our fiscal 2021 outlook based on what we know today.

Our fiscal 2021 outlook of $13.95 to $14.75 of adjusted earnings per diluted share factors in several
macroeconomic and business-specific assumptions. Britt is going to take you through the detailed
assumptions of our outlook, but let me comment on why I remain confident now more than ever in
McKesson's future.

We have proven our resiliency and natural ability to lead during times of crisis, such as H1N1, SARS,
the recession of '08, '09. I think the lessons we've learned and the expertise we've gained continue to
serve us well. We operate from a position of financial strength. Our strong balance sheet, access to capital
markets, strong credit ratings provide us great financial flexibility.

Our fiscal 2020 results reinforce the operational momentum we're generating in our business, and we have
repeatedly demonstrated our willingness and commitment to make the right, not always easy, but right
decisions to best position the business for long-term growth. Despite the near-term challenges, we remain
focused on executing against our priorities and investing in our strategic growth initiatives. The positive
energy, dedication, commitment and togetherness of team McKesson is unmatched, and I do believe our
future is bright.

Again, thank you for your time, and let me now turn it over to Britt.

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Our fiscal fourth quarter was certainly very different than
we were expecting when we last spoke during our third quarter earnings call. The COVID-19 health crisis
has impacted the way our employees, customers, partners and communities live and work. We could
not be prouder of how our teams across the world have responded. In this new environment, our team
supported our employees, customers, patients and communities and demonstrated the resiliency and
strength of our business with solid financial performance during these challenging times.

Let me start by reaffirming that the fundamentals of McKesson's business are solid. Our strategy is
clear, and the prospects for the business remain unchanged and promising. Despite the challenges and
uncertainties of the current environment, our businesses continue to play a leading role in the health care
supply chain. Our focus, execution and financial discipline remain intact.

Today, I'll provide you with more granularity than I typically do to help you understand our view on recent
trends and how our business is performing in this uncertain and rapidly evolving environment. I have 3
primary goals for today's call. First, to provide an update on our fourth quarter and fiscal 2020 results,
including the estimated impacts from COVID-19; second, to provide an overview of the recent trends we
are seeing; and third, to provide a detailed fiscal 2021 outlook.

Many companies have withdrawn and not provided guidance. However, given the uncertainties in the
environment and the wide disparity across analyst models, we felt it was important to provide our
assumptions and views on the upcoming fiscal year. I will address our guidance in more detail later in my
prepared remarks. However, I'd like to provide a bit of framing as it relates to fiscal 2021. The guidance
we are providing today assumes that the first half of fiscal 2021 will be challenging with the most severe
impacts from COVID-19 occurring during our fiscal first quarter ending June 30. And we anticipate that
we begin to see gradual improvement in our fiscal second quarter ending September 30 with continued
improvement in our results over the second half of our fiscal year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 20, 2020

Let me state at the beginning of this call. We expect the business will deliver growth in adjusted income
from operations and adjusted earnings per diluted share in the second half of the fiscal year as compared
to fiscal 2020, when setting aside the fiscal 2020 contribution from our prior equity stake in Change
Healthcare.

Let's turn now to a review of our fiscal 2020 results. McKesson posted a solid close to fiscal 2020 with full
year adjusted earnings per diluted share of $14.95. This result was 10% above fiscal 2019 and included a
return to adjusted operating profit growth in all reportable segments. Additionally, we're pleased to have
completed the successful exit of our investment in Change Healthcare during the quarter through a tax-
efficient split-off transaction. Our exit resulted in a pre- and post-tax gain of $414 million, which impacted
our GAAP-only results in the quarter. With the split-off complete, we are well positioned to move forward
with increased focus against our strategic growth initiatives. Our balance sheet remains solid, which
underpins our investment-grade credit rating. Our financial position provides us the flexibility necessary as
we navigate current market uncertainty and future growth opportunities.

On our February 4 third quarter earnings call, I discussed momentum building across the business. This
momentum continued to build through mid-March. On March 11, the World Health Organization declared
the COVID-19 outbreak a pandemic. Shortly after, our businesses experienced increased demand, and
consumer behavior patterns began to change as the virus continued to spread. Pharmaceutical distribution
volumes in the U.S., Europe and Canada increased as people stocked up on medications and personal
protective equipment. This incremental demand provided a net tailwind to our fourth quarter revenue
results.

I want to take a moment to provide the estimated impact of COVID-19 on our fiscal fourth quarter
consolidated results. There's approximately $2 billion of incremental revenue, resulting primarily from
higher customer demand for pharmaceuticals. We expect this to reverse in the first quarter of fiscal
2021. Adjusted gross profit in the quarter was favorably impacted by approximately $65 million, offset
by approximately $15 million in variable operating expenses as a result of these incremental volumes.
We also had approximately $45 million of onetime adjusted operating expenses in the quarter, including
investments in our frontline employees, higher expenses to support a remote workforce and charitable
contributions to support our communities. In summary, the impact of COVID-19 had a nominal effect on
our fourth quarter adjusted earnings results as the previously mentioned impacts largely offset.

Let's transition now to a discussion of our adjusted earnings results for the fourth quarter. Fourth
quarter adjusted earnings per diluted share was $4.27, up 16% in the quarter compared to the prior
year, primarily driven by a lower share count and growth in the European Pharmaceutical and U.S.
Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions businesses, offset by higher corporate expenses, which includes
the onetime costs I referenced earlier.

Moving to the details of our consolidated results, which can be found on Slide 4. Consolidated revenues
for the fourth quarter increased 12% versus the prior period, principally driven by growth in our U.S.
Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions segment. As previously mentioned, the estimated impact of
COVID-19 was approximately $2 billion of incremental revenue in the quarter. Excluding these incremental
sales, consolidated revenues increased approximately 8% year-over-year.

Fourth quarter adjusted gross profit was up 7% year-over-year, led by growth in our Medical-Surgical
and U.S. Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions segments. Fourth quarter adjusted operating expenses
increased 8% year-over-year, driven by increased investments to support future growth in our oncology
and specialty businesses, technology infrastructure and the previously mentioned onetime expenses
during the quarter. These incremental onetime and COVID-driven expenses accounted for approximately
3% of the year-over-year increase.

Adjusted income from operations was $1 billion for the quarter, an increase of 1% as compared to the
prior year. Interest expense was $65 million in the quarter, a decline of 7% compared to the prior year due
to lower commercial paper balances. Our adjusted tax rate was 17.3% for the quarter, mainly driven by
our mix of business and discrete tax benefits.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 20, 2020

Wrapping up our consolidated results. Our fourth quarter diluted weighted average shares were 174
million, a decrease of 9% year-over-year. Our adjusted earnings results includes a $0.07 benefit from
our previously mentioned split-off of Change Healthcare, which lowered our shares outstanding by 15.4
million.

Next, I'll review our results, which can be found on Slides 5 through 8, starting with the U.S.
Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions segment. Revenues were $46.3 billion for the quarter, up 13%,
driven by branded pharmaceutical price increases and growth from our large retail national account
customers, including incremental volume resulting from COVID-19. These were partially offset by
branded-to-generic conversions.

Fourth quarter adjusted operating profit increased 3% to $772 million, driven by continued growth in
specialty businesses, partially offset by previously announced investments into oncology and manufacturer
services. Segment adjusted operating profit for the full year increased 6% to $2.7 billion, and the segment
adjusted operating margin for the full year was 146 basis points, a decrease of 4 basis points.

Next, European Pharmaceutical Solutions. Revenues were $7.2 billion for the quarter, an increase of 6%
year-over-year. On an FX-adjusted basis, revenues increased 9% driven by growth in the pharmaceutical
distribution business, including incremental revenue as a result of COVID-19. Fourth quarter adjusted
operating profit increased 226% to $75 million. On an FX-adjusted basis, adjusted operating profit
increased 239%, driven in part by lower operating expenses as a result of actions previously taken
to rationalize our store footprint and streamline back-office functions and the lapping of a prior year
inventory charge of approximately $20 million. Segment adjusted operating profit for the full year
increased 5% to $231 million, driven primarily by expense rationalization and the previously mentioned
prior year item. The segment adjusted operating margin for the full year was 84 basis points, an increase
of 4 basis points.

Moving now to Medical-Surgical Solutions. Revenues were $2.2 billion for the quarter, up 13%, driven
by organic growth led by our Primary Care business, including higher pharmaceutical and flu test kit
volumes. Segment adjusted operating profit for the quarter was down 1% to $170 million, driven primarily
by higher expenses in the quarter, which included a provision for bad debt in our Primary Care business,
partially offset by organic growth, principally in our Primary Care business. Segment adjusted operating
profit for the full year increased 12% to $679 million, driven by organic growth. And the segment adjusted
operating margin for the full year was 818 basis points, an increase of 24 basis points.

Finishing our business review with Other. Revenues were $2.9 billion for the quarter, up 3%. On an
FX-adjusted basis, revenues were up 4%, driven primarily by growth in the Canadian and MRxTS
businesses. Adjusted operating profit was $242 million for the quarter, down 6% on both a reported and
FX-adjusted basis, driven primarily by a lower equity contribution from the company's investment in
Change Healthcare, partially offset by organic growth in the MRxTS business.

Other adjusted operating profit for the full year was down 4% to $953 million, driven by the lapping of a
$90 million contractual liability reversal related to our investment in Change Healthcare in the prior year,
partially offset by higher volumes in our MRxTS businesses. Included in Other, adjusted equity income
from Change Healthcare was $253 million for the full year. As a reminder, McKesson will no longer record
adjusted equity income for Change Healthcare beginning in fiscal 2021 as a result of the split-off.

Moving to Corporate. McKesson recorded $224 million in adjusted corporate expenses in the quarter, an
increase of 25% year-over-year, driven primarily by the previously mentioned onetime expenses and
higher opioid-related legal fees. These onetime expenses accounted for approximately 8% of the year-
over-year increase.

For the full year, adjusted corporate expenses were $685 million, an increase of 23% compared to
the prior year. The year-over-year increase was a result of planned increases in technology-related
investments and an increase of $36 million in opioid-related litigation costs to $150 million for fiscal 2020.

Turning now to cash, which can be found on Slide 10. For the fiscal year, we generated $3.9 billion in free
cash flow, which includes $506 million spent on capital expenditures. Fiscal 2020 represented another

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 20, 2020

solid year of cash flow generation, resulting from our continued focus on working capital efficiency,
positive timing impacts and COVID-19. Similar to fiscal 2019, a portion of the fiscal 2020 result was due to
favorable timing in our U.S. distribution and European businesses. We also benefited from the previously
mentioned demand pull forward in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, which coincided with the end of
our fiscal year. We estimate a COVID-19-related benefit of approximately $550 million, which is expected
to reverse in the first quarter of fiscal 2021.

We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $4 billion after paying down approximately $2.4 billion of
debt in the fourth quarter, net of issuances, which include a repayment of $2.1 billion of outstanding
commercial paper. And in fiscal 2020, we returned $2.2 billion to our shareholders via share repurchases
and dividends.

Wrapping up fiscal 2020 results. Our performance in the fourth quarter highlights the resiliency of our
business model and the strength of our financial position. Fiscal 2020 marked a return to adjusted
operating profit growth across every business, reflecting improved fundamentals and solid execution.
Despite recent macroeconomic headwinds, the company is in a solid and stable financial position.

With that, let me turn to our fiscal 2021 outlook. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we believe it
is important to provide our views of the environment, insight into the trends we are seeing across our
businesses and to provide an outlook for fiscal 2021. We believe it's constructive to provide you with our
view of the business, including our perspective on the economic uncertainties surrounding the potential
impact and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic. We take a long-term approach to our businesses. And
although the COVID-19 pandemic presents a near-term headwind, we believe this to be temporary. The
underlying fundamentals of our business remain stable and on solid footing, as evidenced by our Q4 and
full year results for fiscal 2020. I'll start by providing a brief overview of the environment we are operating
within.

After the initial volume spikes following the March 11 World Health Organization declaration, volumes
began to trend lower across our businesses. In April, the landscape continued to evolve quickly and state,
provincial and local governments issued shelter-in-place orders. As a result, physician offices and surgery
center sites began to close temporarily, meaning fewer patients going to see their doctors and delays in
elective procedures.

Throughout April, average weekly volumes in our medical and specialty provider business trailed off up to
50% of pre-COVID-19 levels. Oncology visits declined, while volumes in our pharmaceutical distribution
and retail businesses experienced greater levels of volatility as customers adjusted to the environment
and government orders and recommendations.

From the onset of the pandemic in the U.S., elective therapies showed a sharp decline through April,
especially within ophthalmology, where declines were nearly 30% versus calendar 2019.

In the first couple of weeks of May, we've seen volumes begin to stabilize and modestly improve in our
pharmaceutical and retail businesses. Volumes in our medical and specialty provider businesses have also
begun to stabilize, although well below pre-COVID levels.

To this point, the relative shape of the curve is in line with our expectations and confirms our view on the
progression of recovery over the course of fiscal 2021. I will note that the guidance we are providing today
is based on what we know at this time, and I want to be clear that one certainty is that events will occur in
the coming days, weeks and months that will cause these underlying assumptions to change from what we
present to you today.

Next, I'll provide some framing on a couple of key macro-level economic assumptions. We are not
assuming that a second wave of the virus returns, leading to shelter-at-home scenarios precluding patient
consumption of health care services, supplies and pharmaceutical products. We are not assuming any
systemic customer insolvency events. We do assume that unemployment peaks in our fiscal first quarter
and gradually begins to improve across the remaining quarters of our fiscal year. We do assume that
physician and oncology office visits and pharmacy interactions will begin to gradually resume in our fiscal
second quarter and continue to improve in the back half of our fiscal year. Our view of the environment,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 20, 2020

in particular our largest market, the U.S., assumes that the impact, in particular to our medical, specialty
provider and oncology businesses, is more significant and severe in the first quarter, and that the shape
of the recovery gradually improves each quarter with a return to more normal volumes in our fiscal fourth
quarter.

With those underlying assumptions in mind, let me turn to our fiscal 2021 guidance. We expect adjusted
earnings per diluted share to be in the range of $13.95 to $14.75, which is notably wider than past
guidance ranges, given the economic uncertainty inherent in our previously mentioned assumptions. As I
discussed in my opening remarks, we anticipate a positive progression of earnings over the course of fiscal
2021. We expect Q1 to be sharply down on a year-over-year and sequential basis. We assume modest
recovery begins in our fiscal second quarter and that this recovery progresses into the back half of the
fiscal year with the business returning to adjusted income from operations and adjusted earnings per
diluted share growth in the second half of the fiscal year.

For our full list of fiscal 2021 assumptions, please refer to Slides 12 through 14 in our supplemental slide
presentation. Rather than outlining each assumption, I'll instead walk you through the key items, starting
with the segments.

In the U.S. Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions segment, we expect 3% to 6% revenue growth, which
considers current headwinds in our practice management and provider solutions businesses, as a result
of office closures and delays in elective procedures. Adjusted operating profit is expected to be flat to 4%
down as compared to the prior year as a result of the previously mentioned headwinds in our specialty
businesses. We expect that the second half adjusted operating profit results will reflect flat to 3% growth,
in line with our previously outlined recovery assumptions.

In the U.S. market, we anticipate mid-single-digit branded pharmaceutical price increases, largely
consistent with our experience in fiscal 2020. As a reminder, approximately 95% of our contracted
branded manufacturers are on a fixed fee-for-service rate basis.

Moving to the European solutions segment. We expect revenues to be flat to a 5% decline as compared to
the prior year. Adjusted operating profit is also expected to decline between approximately 20% to 25%,
driven by anticipated impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on customer behavior patterns over the first half
of the fiscal year. We expect that the second half adjusted operating profit results will be flat to 2% growth
as compared to the prior year with variability by country as each market opens and begins to return to
normal.

Transitioning now to medical-surgical. As we've discussed previously we have a dynamic and broad
portfolio in medical-surgical. Approximately 60% of our medical-surgical business supports primary care
sites, physician offices, ambulatory surgery centers and reference lab locations. These sites of care have
been impacted more significantly as office visits and elective procedures have been canceled or deferred.

In constructing our outlook for the medical-surgical segment, we developed several potential outcomes to
inform the range from the low end to the high end of our estimates. We project that it could take a few
quarters for patients to get comfortable returning to physician office sites and with scheduling an elective
procedure, but we do believe this demand will return.

Over the past few weeks, we've seen our medical-surgical business begin to stabilize, and we see modest
improvements in volumes. We expect the recovery in demand to continue through our fiscal second
quarter with further improvements in the second half of our fiscal year. Therefore, we expect a 3% to 8%
revenue decline, primarily driven by softened demand in the first half of the fiscal year. As a result of these
macro level headwinds, we also expect a 10% to 20% adjusted operating profit decline for the full year. As
demand continues to improve, we expect that the second half adjusted operating profit results will grow
5% to 15% as compared to the prior year.

For the remaining businesses included in Other, revenue is expected to decline approximately 7% to
12%, driven by expected lower foot traffic in retail stores across Canada in the short term and lower prior
authorization volumes. As a reminder, fiscal '20 results include our investment in Change Healthcare,
which included $253 million in adjusted equity income in fiscal 2020. Excluding the Change Healthcare

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 20, 2020

results in the prior year for comparison purposes, we expect that adjusted operating profit within Other
will be flat to down 5% for the full year but is expected to increase greater than 10% in the second half of
the fiscal year as the businesses within Other return to normal volumes.

Now let me turn to the consolidated view. We expect 2% to 4% revenue growth, and adjusted income
from operations is anticipated to be a 10% to 15% decline as compared to the prior year. Excluding the
results of Change Healthcare from fiscal 2020, we expect that adjusted income from operations will decline
5% to 8% for the full year, but will grow 6% to 10% in the second half of the fiscal year on a year-over-
year basis in line with our stated economic recovery assumptions. We expect corporate expenses to be
approximately flat compared to prior year, and this assumption reflects opioid-related litigation costs to
also be roughly flat year-over-year.

We remain focused on our cost-savings programs. Our annual pretax gross cost savings target remains
approximately $400 million to $500 million, which we are on track to substantially realize for the end of
fiscal 2021. Additionally, we've implemented mitigation efforts in light of the headwinds presented by the
COVID-19 pandemic, including an effort to continue to reduce controllable spend across all categories.

Moving below the line. We expect interest expense in the range of $230 million to $250 million. We
expect income attributable to noncontrolling interest in the range of $200 million to $220 million. We
assume a full year adjusted tax rate of approximately 18% to 20%, which may vary from quarter-to-
quarter and includes anticipated discrete tax items that we expect to realize during the course of the year.
We anticipate the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements be a net unfavorable impact of
approximately $0.05. And we expect weighted average diluted shares outstanding for fiscal 2021 to be in
the range of approximately 161 million to 163 million.

Let me wrap up our fiscal 2021 outlook with a few comments on cash flow and capital deployment. We
expect free cash flow of approximately $2.3 billion to $2.7 billion, which is net of property acquisitions and
capitalized software expenses and includes the pull-forward impacts of COVID-19 previously discussed.
We will use our cash flow to continue to invest internally in our strategic priorities of oncology and
manufacturer services. We anticipate property acquisitions and capitalized software expenses to be in the
range of $400 million to $550 million.

At McKesson, capital deployment starts with our continued ability to generate healthy operating cash flow.
We will continue a disciplined and balanced approach to capital deployment. Our priorities remain clear
and consistent. Our demonstrated history of solid cash flow generation provides us flexibility in our capital
allocation program.

First, we prioritize growth investments in our strategic assets. As an example, in Q4, we continued to
invest into our oncology and manufacturer services assets and capabilities to extend our differentiated
and leading positions. In fiscal 2021, we will continue to invest in our strategic initiatives to drive further
differentiation and position our businesses for long-term growth. The current environment does not impact
our desire to invest in M&A opportunities that are on strategy at multiples that offer superior returns on
capital and accelerate future growth and cash flow generation.

We also remain committed to returning capital to our shareholders through a modest yet growing dividend
and share buybacks. And I would remind you that we currently have $1.5 billion remaining on our share
repurchase authorization.

We've maintained our investment-grade credit rating, which underpins our financial flexibility and our
ability to access the long-term debt in commercial paper markets. We also have access to $4 billion
through our revolving credit facility, which has not been drawn upon. At this time, we have no immediate
need to access the long-term debt market nor draw upon our revolver to meet near-term liquidity needs.

In closing, we are pleased with the results of our fiscal fourth quarter and proud of how we responded
to the extraordinary demands brought on by this pandemic. We remain focused on our employees,
customers, partners and communities. While the external environment presents many unknowns, our
businesses continue to show resilient and stable fundamentals along with consistent execution. We
continue to have a solid balance sheet and healthy cash generation, which underpin our investment-

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 20, 2020

grade credit rating. And we'll continue to deploy capital to invest in growth areas aligned to our strategy,
aimed at creating balanced returns for our shareholders. Despite the current macroeconomic headwinds,
we remain confident in our business and in our ability to create stability in the supply chain through the
strength of our sourcing and distribution operations.
And with that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for your questions. [Operator Instructions]

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 20, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Michael Cherny with Bank of America Merrill
Lynch.

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I want to just ask a bit of a follow-up, clarification, additional question on the pharma EBIT guidance. In
particular, you talked about 0% to 3% growth in the second half of the year on an adjusted profit basis.
So as you think about the ramping, should we assume that you'll be exiting fiscal '21 at a "normalized run
rate"? And in jumping into fiscal '22 on what should be the normalized run rate of profit growth for the
pharma segment in particular?

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

Mike, thanks for that question. I'll start and let Brian add on to that. We're very pleased with our
performance in our U.S. Pharma and Specialty Solutions segment in fiscal '20. We finished the year with
full year adjusted operating profit of 6%. We had strong revenue growth throughout the year. And as we
talked about, we expect that the first half of the year, we're going to have some more sharp impacts on
our specialty solutions businesses, which will impact, obviously, the full year operating profit.

As we talked about, we expect that to continue to improve throughout the year. And as we get to the back
half of the year, that gradual improvement throughout each quarter will lead us to get back to growth
for the second half of the year. And so I think that as you think about this, there's going to be gradual
improvement across each quarter. As we get to the end of the year, we're going to be exiting on a growth
basis again, and feel good about the prospects from that point forward.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Robert Jones with Goldman Sachs.

Robert Patrick Jones
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

I guess maybe, Britt, just to follow up on that. I mean, coming into fiscal 2020, you guys had thought the
U.S. pharma and specialty business could grow at 3% to 5%. I'm sure there was a little bit of pull forward
in the 4Q. But generally, business performed in line to slightly better than that. I mean, just to follow up
on your previous answer. I mean, is the assumption that the business kind of gets back to those levels as
we get through the year and in particular, into 4Q?

And then just one housekeeping. I know you mentioned the $45 million of onetime adjusted operating
expenses in the fourth quarter. I was curious if that was included, excluded. And then what's the
assumption for additional COVID-related costs in 2020 guide?

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

Yes. Thanks for the question. Let me just step back to your first question. Again, as we talked about in our
U.S. Pharma and Specialty Solutions business, it's a broad business U.S. pharma distribution, but also a
broad-based specialty set of businesses, which includes our multi-specialty provider businesses, which,
as we talked about, have been more severely impacted in April and early May. And we expect to have
a greater impact through the first quarter with just gradual improvement throughout the balance of the
year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 20, 2020

So as we think about that second half of the year, it's really going to be that continued improvement of not
only volumes, but profitability across both of those businesses. And we feel comfortable that getting to a
0% to 3% growth in the balance of the second half, again, with that gradual improvement, sets us up well
to returning to that 3% to 5% as we go forward.

We won't recover all of the volumes this year. We'll recover it gradually throughout the year. But again, I
just would point out that our broad-based specialty business, which includes our provider business and our
practice management business, are more impacted and are going to gradually improve over the balance of
the year.

The $45 million that I referenced earlier on, that was across all of our businesses. It was, as Brian
mentioned, to pay bonuses to frontline workers in each of our businesses as well as donations that we
made across communities as well as cost to set up remote work environments, again, in our corporate
environment, but also in our businesses. That's obviously part of the year-over-year comparison that is
included in our FY '20 Q4 results, and that will be included in for comparison purposes in FY '21.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Yes. Those are actions taken really early part of March as we assessed the impact this would have on our
teams and frankly, anticipated the impact on our communities. And we thought it was just an important
part of who we are as a company to take those actions. Obviously, as we look to the year coming ahead,
there will be some incremental expense to support social distancing, workplace reengineering, protection
of customers and employees. And we'll be continued to be committed to make whatever investments we
need to, to take care of them.

Operator

Your next question will come from Eric Coldwell with Robert W. Baird.

Eric White Coldwell
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

A couple of just unrelated questions. First one, share repurchase. You expressed interest in continuing
with that program. But weighted average shares outstanding guidance seems a little bit higher than we
would have expected given the low share price right now. I'm just curious if you can give us any specificity
on what you're thinking about share repos.

Second question, unrelated. U.S. oncology. Would be great to get an update on what you're seeing real
time with your practice management business and what impacts you're getting from COVID.

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

Thanks, Eric. Let me start and take the first one off the table, and then turn it over to Brian. As I
mentioned, in the fourth quarter through the exit of Change Healthcare, we retired 15.4 million shares.
And we've given you a guide of 161 million to 163 million.

Our capital deployment program will include broad-based, balanced approaches as we always have,
and that will include M&A as it presents itself on strategy and with good returns. But it will also include
continue to return capital to our shareholders, which could include share repurchases. And we do
have $1.5 billion remaining on the authorization, and we'll continue to use that to return capital as it's
appropriate.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Yes. Let me maybe take up the U.S. oncology question. So we work very closely with our partners in the
practices to respond to this unprecedented time, and it's impacted all care providers. The U.S. oncology
patient visits have certainly declined as social distancing guidelines were implemented, and that impact

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 20, 2020

is really varied depending on what kind of oncology, what kind of cancer you're experiencing. I mean you
see in the very fast-moving, aggressive cancers, patient volume has not fallen off so much. In some of
the solid tumor cancers where progression is slower, people are more hesitant to go in and get testing,
get diagnosis, may feel they had some time to delay. So we have seen a bit of a visit decline, but the
revenue decline has been less than the visit decline, which is encouraging to us. We've also taken actions
to implement things like telepresence or virtual consultation services, and we've ramped up that pretty
significantly in the last few months.

So overall, I think I'd say we feel good about our positioning. Oncology of all the ologies or specialties has
probably been a little more insulated. As you think about disease, that's probably not unexpected. But we
continue to work closely with our practices to think about all the ways we can help feel -- make patients
feel more comfortable to returning to their care.

Operator

Your next question will come from the line of Eric Percher with Nephron Research.

Eric R. Percher
Nephron Research LLC

Question on med-surg, the metric on 60% of this being provider focused was helpful. I imagine
there's some very different dynamics in the ASC versus the physician office. Could you help us with an
understanding of what your distribution business here focuses on? I'm thinking less on PP&E and potential
benefits there. Are there significant pharmaceutical elements? Is there a number that you can provide us
relative to the pharmaceutical component of medical? And any expectation for vaccines or experience with
the vaccines for children's program? How is that running? And how might you participate in vaccines in the
future?

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Great. Thanks, Eric. Appreciate that question. Our medical business does have a significant footprint in
primary care, which we include the ambulatory surgery center in there. And within the kinds of practices,
and we serve basically all different kinds of practices from general practitioners, OB GYN, even up to
special -- more specialty-oriented practices with medical products. And so there's been a pretty wide
variation in the way specific specialties or focuses of those practice would have responded.

And as you're well aware, we have a very broad offering to these practices. It is PP&E, which tends to be
a pretty small, historically, a very small part of these practices. Obviously, in the last months with social
distancing and all the changes we've all experienced, the PPE demand is up significantly. But we're also in
specialty Rx, Rx, lab, equipment, reagents. I mean we've a very, very broad business.

And what I would say to you is as we've seen patient volumes decline -- and Britt reviewed the metrics
that we've seen there. I mean really, all of those various elements have been impacted. And as patients
begin to return to the practices, we think we'll begin to see those volumes all rebuild over the course of
the coming year.

It's obviously, from a vaccine perspective, it's a little early. Vaccines are not on market. But I would
remind everybody we have quite an extensive footprint in the distribution of vaccines today. We do
distribute vaccines through the medical business to all of our practice areas. We are -- we work with CDC
and their Vaccine For Children program as a supplier of those vaccines. Many years ago when H1N1 hit us,
we worked with public partners to facilitate a program to manage that vaccine.

So we're very engaged with all the various agencies that will have interest in this, with our manufacturer
partners to make sure we're availing our insights and our knowledge and our capability. And I suspect that
as vaccines come to market, acceptance ramps up, we'll have to look at what is the production, how does
that production scale up and how fast, but we would expect to be very engaged in those discussions.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 20, 2020

Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill with JPMorgan.

Lisa Christine Gill
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Brian, can you give us an update on where you are as far as an opioid potential settlement? I know we
talked about the framework, which was several months ago. Sitting here today, I would anticipate that
states, being in a difficult financial position, may be more likely to want to move forward. So if you could
just give us any update there, that would be really helpful.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Sure, Lisa. I'd be happy to. I mean probably goes without saying that our primary focus the last weeks
and months have been on responding to COVID-19, supporting our communities and our customers in that
response. And I'm sure the same has been true for a lot of the public officials that have been involved, I
guess, on the other side of this opioids issue. I really don't think there's a lot to add to the commentary
we provided last time in terms of the specifics of the settlement discussions. I mean, we continue to be
engaged. We continue to be hopeful that a broad resolution can be achieved. We do think that one of the
drivers has always been for us, the recognition that people and communities have needs. And it would be
great to get the resolution for them, and those needs are probably greater now than ever.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies.

Brian Gil Tanquilut
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Brian or Britt, as I think about the guidance, and obviously, I appreciate all the color you've given in
terms of your assumptions. But as we stare down a recession heading into 2021, I mean, based on your
experience being with the company during the last recession, how are you thinking about just the likely
decline in physician office visits. And how your business will be resilient through that?

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Great question. We've -- our business has been through many economic cycles over its history.
Fortunately, Britt and I weren't here for all of them, but we were here for the '08, '09 one. What I would
say in general is I think our business model is pretty resilient to an economic recession. And I think if you
look back over history, you would see that to be the case.

I will say this situation is a little bit different, though, because it's an economic recession, but it's really
driven by an underlying health pandemic. And so in my mind, the way the business will respond is a
little bit more about how we respond to the health pandemic than a "recession". The faster patients get
comfortable being out of their homes, the faster they get comfortable going into health care settings, the
faster the social policy, testing, tracing, all these things we're talking about in the business and the public
community, as these come to place and that confidence resumes, I think that's really what's going to tilt
the trajectory.

And so for me, it's much more about how health care demand comes back than the general economic
climate. I mean there's always puts and takes with are you uninsured with no coverage? Do you go to
Medicaid? But those are -- we tend to be a little more insulated from that. So I think it's really all about
how quickly confidence comes back in patients consuming health care services.

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 20, 2020

Yes. I might just add that our guidance really assumes that health care demand will return. We've seen
that in prior recessions like this. And our guidance really assumes that it's a gradual build over the course
of the year.

We're already seeing some -- as I mentioned, we're seeing some evidence of modest increases in May.
That's early, obviously, but we do expect that health care demand will return, and we do expect that we'll
be well positioned for that in really in all the different settings that we participate in.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Baxter with Wolfe Research.

Stephen C. Baxter
Wolfe Research, LLC

This is a bit of a follow-up on the prior question about the economy in a more normalized recession. I
was hoping you could spend a little time talking about how we should think about the financial health of
your customers and how you could see the business being impacted by that in the coming months and
years. For example, there are headlines in the news today were even large and well-funded businesses are
seeking relief from landlords. So I guess what, if anything, are your customers asking of you at this stage?
Any insight into your conversations with your customers would be helpful.

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

Yes. Thanks for that question, and it's a really good question. And we've been working with our customers
since the pandemic really started, and particularly those customers who have had to shut their doors
on a temporary basis. We did record a small incremental reserve in our medical business in the fourth
quarter, and I called that out. It's really more a mechanical adjustment. We've been working very closely
to try to understand when they're -- when these customers would reopen, what the demand is in each of
their businesses. And to this point, our customers have either been able to go out and get loans or access
public funds that are available or work very closely with us, and we've been able to help them and really
understand what their situation is. So we've not really seen a degradation in credit quality to this point.
We'll continue to work very closely with those relationships. At this point, I think our customers are very
resilient as well, and we're very close and working with them to keep them as credit resilient as possible.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Yes. And based on the way we've described our expectation for volume to come back gradually over the
course of the year, and based on what we see now, you did call out that we built into our assumptions is
that there is no major insolvency event. Now if our assumptions play out correct, we believe, based on our
conversations and what we're seeing, that will continue to be true. So risk, we'll monitor very closely over
the course of the year.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette with Barclays.

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

So I just have 2 interrelated questions on the European business. First, I guess I'm curious how the
German JV transaction with Walgreens impacts the FY '21 guidance for the European segment. Is
Germany generally included or excluded from the European guidance?

And then second, I guess, whether Germany is in there or not, I guess, what really sticks out to me is that
the magnitude of the expected decline in operating profit in Europe at minus 20% to minus 25% relative
to the revenue guide, 0% to minus 5% sticks out a little bit, suggesting some notable negative operating

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 20, 2020

leverage in Europe versus some of the other segments. Any color on the dynamics there would help as
well.

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Generally, so start with the German JV. I don't think this will be material to our fiscal 2021. It is in
competition review right now. We think it's continuing to progress on the time line we expect it to. So not
really a lot to add to that.

As it relates to the fiscal 2021 impact on Europe, I mean, obviously, we're dealing with 13 countries that
are going to have -- have had 13 different kind of degrees of reaction with associated social policy to
that challenge. And so when we look at an aggregate level, it's going to depend a little bit on how these
countries reopen and what their response will be.

I will say that in the U.K., our largest country in Europe, I mean, they have been one of the more severely
impacted and have had some of the more severe social restrictions implied. And that's what you're seeing
really flow through our numbers.

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

Maybe if I would just add on. Our German business, as we've talked about previously, is relatively
immaterial to the overall European results. It is included -- we did include Germany in our FY '21 plan. But
again, it's relatively immaterial.

I would just point to the fact that our second half European results in FY '20 were quite good, and we
exited the year with pretty strong performance. And as we think about FY '21, really gets back to what
we've talked about with many of our other businesses, that there is a temporary shock that is more severe
in the first half of the year. And as Brian mentioned, mix matters a lot. How do countries open? One
by one, they'll open at different rates in different times. And that mix is really what you're seeing flow
through our business and our '21 outlook.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser with Morgan Stanley.

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

My question is focused on generic pricing. We're hearing that manufacturing in India is below historical
levels. And obviously, freight cost are seeing some step up. So what are you seeing on the buy-side
environment? How are you thinking about return to generic inflation in your fiscal year '21?

And then also along the line of manufacturing, so I think yesterday, HHS gave some funding to
manufacturing of drugs in the U.S. Any thoughts of whether we will see generic manufacturing coming
back to the U.S.? And what role would you play in that type of a scenario?

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

Thanks, Ricky, for that question. Let me start with your first question and then let Brian take it from there.
From a generic perspective, we continue to have a very strong sourcing organization, which has really
benefited us well as we've gone through this period. The relationships that we have with manufacturers,
our ability to continue to secure supply in a very stable and consistent manner has played well for us.

On the sell side, we continue to see a relatively stable environment. And so there's competition, but
pricing has continued to be stable and competitive. And so that's allowed us to continue to earn a
spread on our generic products. And I think it really -- it starts with our ability to secure that supply in a
consistent manner, and ClarusONE's been able to do that very well over the last several years, honestly,
and we expect that to continue into FY '21.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 20, 2020

Brian S. Tyler
CEO & Director

Yes. I think from an overall perspective, I mean, it's been pretty good performance industry-wide in terms
of supply availability. And obviously, we began monitoring this very closely. I mentioned we set up our
critical care task force in really the very end of our fiscal '20 to continue to monitor this. Frankly, we get
very detailed updates every week on that. So I think, generally, we still feel okay. I wouldn't say we've
seen anything I would describe as a material change in pricing or ability to supply and things of that
nature.

I mean to your last question about, will generic supply come back to the U.S. or will -- I think the broader
question is, how will diversification and how will the supply community think about being a little bit more
buffered for future events that may look like this. And that -- those are -- it's very early. I think there will
be a lot of good questions asked, a lot of good work done. We do think anything that diversifies availability
of supplies creates kind of an insurance mechanism, if you will. We are supportive of that. We also have
to recognize there are trade-offs in that. I mean there are cost trade-offs and figuring out how that cost
gets funded. And whether that's working capital or cost of the product, we'll have to navigate ourselves
through. But we're involved in many of these conversations, but I'd characterize them all as very early
stage right now.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Caliendo with UBS.

Kevin Caliendo
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I really wanted to delve into the cost side a little bit, understanding that there's an ongoing larger cost-
savings plan. But going through the businesses, if you would, talk about how much variable spending you
have in each and really what the plan is. Just thinking and looking at the margins and backing into sort
of what you're saying, the margins versus the revenues definitely look like -- and I'm just trying to gauge
how much variable spending you might be taking out of the business or not.

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

Yes. Thanks for that question. Certainly, each of our businesses has been a little bit differently positioned
in terms of fixed versus variable costs. And I think the challenge that we're having in our first half of the
year in particular is that the revenue declines are quite sharp. And so it was that kind of revenue decline's
really putting pressure on the overall cost position. I did talk about the fact that we've implemented
mitigation plans across all of our businesses and across all of our different cost categories, and this is an
extension of what we're already working on with our cost savings program. So we're certainly making
great progress on that.

We do have some things in our structure that will remain the same year-over-year in our material, like the
opioids litigation-related costs, which we expect to continue to be $150 million. But generally speaking,
our variable costs will adjust with the volumes that we're seeing. But because some of our businesses
have more significant and severe declines in volumes over the first half of the year, there will be some
deleveraging that occurs in our businesses over that period. And as the year goes on, cost savings
initiatives that we put in place, not only our cost-savings program, but these mitigation activities will
generally start to benefit our businesses and lead to that growth that we're seeing over the second half of
the year.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo with Guggenheim.

Glen Joseph Santangelo
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 20, 2020

Yes, I just want to follow up on this negative operating profit leverage question. I mean I appreciate all the
details. But maybe, Britt, could you unpack the guidance a little bit at the gross margin line, particularly
as it relates to things like mix and drug pricing and contract renewals? Because what I think all of us are
probably trying to understand is maybe how much of the operating profit contraction may be the result of
a weaker gross margin versus lower revenues or incremental expenses related to something like COVID.
And that will maybe help us better assess how much of the incremental expenses may be onetime versus
ongoing.

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

Thanks for that question. Again, what I would come back to here is, and I've tried to give you a little bit
more detail into where we're seeing the impacts on our business. And in particular, if you just talk about
our medical business for a moment, that medical business has an adjusted operating profit rate of over
800 basis points. That's one of the most severely impacted of our business. And we tried to give you a
little bit more detail in the sense that our Primary Care business, where we have lots of capabilities and
services that we provide there, about 60% of that medical business is primary care sites, which have been
the most severely impacted.

So what I would say is it's not necessarily a cost issue. We do have additional costs for protecting our
employees and sanitation and cleaning in our distribution facilities. This is more a first half mix issue,
particularly in our specialty provider businesses and our medical business, which, as you know, has a
higher adjusted operating profit rate.

Holly Weiss
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Operator, we have time for one more question.

Operator

Certainly. That question will come from George Hill with Deutsche Bank.

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I thought Glen had just kind of stolen it, but I'll dive in on the U.S. margin guide one more time. You guys
called out in Q4 that branded-to-generic conversions, which we normally think of as a tailwind to margins
were a positive impact. But I guess, as we look at the 2021 margin guidance in the drug segment, could
you kind of rank order what's driving the margin erosion when we think of either customer mix, product
mix, VA renewal or COVID, kind of -- just kind of rank ordering the negative margin mix drivers.

Britt J. Vitalone
CFO & Executive VP

Yes. Thanks for that question. Again, I would come back to what we're seeing is within our business, our
specialty provider businesses are most impacted. So that's certainly having a big impact in the first half of
the year.

We've called out very similar types of mid-single-digit branded price increase rates that we've seen over
the past couple of years. So that's really not an impact. Renewals are not an impact we talked about.
We've been able to renew our -- 3 of our largest customers without an impact to our guide. So I'll just
get back to, as you think about where the recovery and the shape of the curve in our business is, most
severely impacted is our physician sites, our specialty provider sites. Those tend to be higher-growth and
higher-margin businesses for us, and that mix is really what's impacting the business. There's nothing
fundamentally or structurally going on within our business. Our business continues to be very, very
fundamentally sound. This is a matter of a temporary decline in revenue and really, a mix issue of where
that revenue is coming from, but there's nothing fundamentally changing within the business itself.

Brian S. Tyler

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 20, 2020

CEO & Director

Great. Well, thank you. Thank you, everybody, for your participation today, for your interest in McKesson
and certainly, your great questions. And I want to thank Lashana for facilitating this call for us. Obviously,
this was a little longer call than we typically have, but we thought it was very appropriate given the
environment to try to provide a little more detail, insight into what's going on in the business.

McKesson has navigated challenges many times before. Our industry and our countries have navigated
these kinds of challenges many times before. I think it's fair to say -- I know I and we all probably take
great inspiration from our frontline health care workers and our essential workers like those in McKesson. I
want to thank the 80,000 members of team McKesson for their dedication and the inspiration they provide
me every day. I am confident that we're well positioned to emerge from this experience as a stronger
business and in strong communities. On behalf of our team at McKesson, we wish you and your families
good health and wellness. We very much look forward to seeing you soon.

Operator
Thank you for joining today's conference call. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

MCKESSON CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 20, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

