Medtronic plc NYSE:MDT
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, August 25, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.18

0.62

Revenue  (mm)

5481.15

6507.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-25-2020 12:42 PM GMT

244.44

18.72

0.82

3.41

5.57

6905.27

28069.00

31557.81

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.28

1.38

0.75

0.18

1.31

1.44

0.58

0.62

2.34 %

4.35 %

(22.67 %)

244.44 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MEDTRONIC PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Karen L. Parkhill
Executive VP & CFO

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Sean M. Salmon
EVP & President of Diabetes
Operating Unit

ANALYSTS

Danielle Joy Antalffy
SVB Leerink LLC, Research
Division

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Joanne Karen Wuensch
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Rajbir Singh Denhoy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Robert Justin Marcus
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Medtronic First Quarter Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.

I would now like to hand the conference over to Ryan Weispfenning, Vice President, Head of Investor
Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Medtronic's Fiscal Year 2021 First Quarter Conference Call and
Webcast, Geoff Martha's first quarter as Chief Executive Officer.

Another first today is that we're presenting our prepared remarks by video. We hope that you'll appreciate
this new format, and please let me know if you have any feedback.

Today's earnings call should last about an hour. Geoff, along with Karen Parkhill, Medtronic Chief Financial
Officer, will provide comments on the results of our first quarter which ended on July 31, 2020. After our
prepared remarks, we'll take questions from the analysts.

Before I turn it over to Geoff, here's a few things to keep in mind. Earlier this morning, we issued a
press release containing our financial statements and a revenue by division summary. We also issued an
earnings presentation that provides additional details on our performance.

During today's prepared remarks and Q&A session, many of the statements we make may be considered
forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-
looking statement given risks and uncertainties, including those related to the impact COVID-19 has had
and is expected to continue to have on our business. Additional information concerning factors that could
cause actual results to differ is contained in our periodic reports and other filings that we make with the
SEC. And we do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement.

Unless we say otherwise, all year-over-year revenue comparisons mentioned during this call are given
on an organic basis, which adjusts for 3 things: First, the inorganic impact of our Titan Spine acquisition;
second, foreign currency; and third, the extra week that we had in the first fiscal month this quarter
compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2020. The extra week is a result of our 52-, 53-week fiscal year
calendar which results in an extra week every 5 or 6 years.

Finally, reconciliations of all non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the attachment to our earnings
press release or on our website at investorrelations.medtronic.com.

With that, I'll turn it over to Medtronic Chief Executive Officer, Geoff Martha. Geoff?

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Okay. Thanks, Ryan, and I appreciate everyone joining us today. But before we dive into our Q1 results, I
want to once again thank the frontline health care workers who continue to fight COVID-19 every day. We
are thankful beyond words for your sacrifice and tireless resolve.

I also want to acknowledge all of the Medtronic employees who have gone that extra mile to support our
customers and patients during this difficult time. Thank you for showing that our mission, written 60 years
ago, still inspires us and really defines who we are as a company.

I also want to acknowledge the wildfires burning in Northern California. Medtronic has been a long-
time member of the Santa Rosa community. And while our operations aren't currently affected, our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

thoughts are with those heroes battling these terrible blazes and the people affected, including some of
our employees. We hope for a quick containment, and we're standing by, ready to assist.

Okay. Now let's switch gears to Q1. Our results reflect a very strong recovery from the depth of the
pandemic that we saw back in April. Procedure volumes began to recover this quarter in multiple markets
around the world, and we drove market share gains in a number of our large businesses. Our revenue
declined 17% on an organic year-over-year basis. And our adjusted EPS of $0.62, while down 51%, was
well ahead of expectations.

We've seen a faster than expected recovery. Our pipeline is kicking in, and we're increasing our cadence
of tuck-in M&A. But most importantly, we're finding a new gear at Medtronic, and we're becoming a more
nimble and a more competitive organization. And in the coming weeks, you're going to hear more from me
on this topic as we begin to outline the new Medtronic.

When the pandemic first hit, we had to postpone our biannual Investor Day originally scheduled for June.
Well, today, we're announcing that we've rescheduled the meeting, and we're now going to host a virtual
meeting with you on Wednesday, October 14. We're going to use that opportunity to lay out where we're
headed, including a deeper dive on our pipeline now that it's coming to fruition as well as the actions we're
taking to simplify the company. So we look forward to being with you, virtually at least, on October 14.

Now I'd like to do something a little different than our past earnings calls and lead with a discussion of
market share. Collectively, our results in the month of June were stronger than many of our competitors,
and that strength continued into July and now into the first few weeks of August. In some businesses,
we're benefiting from the actions we took at the start of the pandemic to better partner with our
customers. In other businesses, we're seeing the benefit of new product launches as our pipeline kicks in
across the company. In fact, we've already had over 130 regulatory approvals this calendar year in the
U.S., in Europe, Japan and China. We've included a key approvals slide in our earnings presentation that
outlines all of this.

We're gaining share in our largest businesses, like Spine and CRHF pacing and High Power. For example,
our U.S. Core Spine business declined in the high single digits, which was better than the market. We
estimate that we gained over 0.5 points of share in the second calendar quarter. Our differentiated
offerings of enabling technologies, which includes robotics, imaging and navigation, combined with our
implants, is reshaping the spine industry.

In CRHF, we estimate that we gained significant implant share in both the high and low power markets in
the second calendar quarter, with the greatest gains coming in the U.S. Micra, our leadless pacemaker,
grew in the low 40s globally and approximately 60% in the U.S.

While many have been focused on how Micra is expanding the market and taking share, our new Cobalt
and Crome ICD and CRT-D platforms are also beginning to drive meaningful implant share in high power.
We launched these devices mid-quarter in the U.S., and we're now working with a growing number of
providers across the country who have not implanted with Medtronic in years. Electrophysiologists are
choosing Cobalt and Crome for their unique AF and heart failure therapeutic algorithms, the high 40
joule output, extended battery longevity, heart failure management capabilities as well as their BlueSync
remote programming and remote device management. These features provide layers of competitive
advantage for us. We saw a 35% sequential increase in SmartSync accounts globally. And our proprietary
remote control programming technology, which was launched in the previous quarter, saw a sixfold
increase in adoption sequentially.

In addition, utilization of our TYRX absorbable antibacterial envelopes increased by nearly 9 points
sequentially to 50% of our U.S. transvenous pacing and ICD implants as hospitals are focusing on
minimizing patient rehospitalization rates during COVID.

We've also begun to return to sequential implant share capture in TAVR, one of our largest growth drivers.
In the second calendar quarter, we maintained our share and market leadership in Europe and gained
approximately 1 point of implant share sequentially in the U.S. as we opened new NCD accounts and saw

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

great response from interventional cardiologists and cardiac surgeons to the bicuspid, leaflet immobility
and hemodynamic clinical data that was shared at ACC in the spring.

In fact, we've received approval from the FDA just last week to remove bicuspid labeling limitations for
low-risk TAVR on the strength of these data. This labeling change complements the approval we received
earlier this summer as the only CE Marked TAVR system with a bicuspid indication for intermediate-risk
patients. These are important regulatory milestones given the large size of the bicuspid patient population,
including 60% of the low-risk population.

I'll also point out the share gains that we're seeing in Pain Stim business within neuromodulation, where
we've been rolling out our new DTM therapy. The superiority data that we have for DTM is resonating
in the market. We're taking advantage of this by focusing on customers that either don't use Medtronic
devices or split their business across multiple companies, and we're having great success with this
strategy. In fact, almost half of our DTM implants in the quarter occurred with these type of customers.
And equally important, our SCS trials, which are a predictor of our future implants, were ahead of our
expectations and even caught up to prior year levels in June. This bodes really well for our Pain Stim
business going forward.

So while we're driving share gains in many important businesses, there are also areas that we need
to improve. In DBS and Pelvic Health, while we lost share in the quarter, we're very bullish on where
we're headed. In DBS, we received FDA approval for our Percept PC deep brain stimulation system
with BrainSense technology in late June. Percept is the first DBS to record brain signals while delivering
therapy, and we expect this to drive share gains in this high-growth market going forward. In fact, we
believe this is the beginning of a multiyear run in DBS with our directional lead launching next year
followed by a closed-loop DBS system. We're redefining the standard of care and creating a significant
technology gap between us and our competitors.

In Pelvic Health, we just received FDA approval for our InterStim Micro device which has important
features over the competition. Our device is 50% smaller; it recharges far faster; and importantly, the
recharger doesn't need to be perfectly aligned for a successful charge. Additionally, Medtronic is the only
company to offer physician practices the choice of recharge and recharge-free, and this is very important
in the neuromodulation space. The physicians' feedback on our InterStim Micro rechargeable product has
been universally positive. And there are several early indications that our share in the U.S. is rebounding
quickly, much like we saw in Europe following the Micro launch earlier this year. In just a few weeks, we're
winning back accounts, and we're seeing cases our competitors' device is being explanted and replaced by
Micro. We've been waiting for this. Patients now have the ability to choose a smaller, better rechargeable
product. Physician practices prefer to deal with 1 company, and our team is enjoying taking back the
share.

Finally, in Diabetes. Look, we're missing out on the better growth of this market and nobody at Medtronic
is comfortable with this dynamic, and we're pushing on several fronts to advance our technology. We're
actively increasing both our near- and our long-term growth opportunities through increased organic
investment, innovative funding with our recently announced Blackstone partnership; and inorganic activity,
highlighted by the announcement earlier this month of our pending acquisition of Companion Medical.
Companion's smart pen technology expands our ecosystem to include the multi-daily injection portion of
the diabetes market with a patient population that is nearly 12x larger than that, that use insulin pumps.

But make no mistake, we are still very focused on regaining technology leadership and the pump and
the sensor market. However, we're also going to meet patients where they are and provide them with
real-time, data-guided support. We expect to build a system that combines InPen with our smart CGM
technology, including our Nutrino and Klue artificial intelligence algorithms, all of this designed to deliver
better outcomes and reduce the burden of managing the disease for MDI patients.

See, Companion is just one more example of how we're going on the offensive as a company through an
increased cadence of tuck-in acquisitions. In fact, in addition to Companion, we've done 2 other major
tuck-in acquisitions this calendar year with Digital Surgery and Medicrea. Combined, these 3 deals total
approximately $1 billion in total consideration.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Data and analytics are the next big frontier in surgery. That's why we acquired the pioneering technology
company, Digital Surgery, the leader in surgical artificial intelligence. We're integrating their technology
into our soft tissue robotic-assisted surgery system and also intending to use their surgical video
management and clinician decision support solutions beyond robotics. In fact, we plan on a limited launch
this fall for the Touch Surgery Enterprise, which is an extremely easy-to-use surgical video capture
solution paired with a computer and connected to the cloud.

Medicrea, a pending acquisition we announced last month, has differentiated technology that incorporates
artificial intelligence into surgical planning for spine cases and then uses the plan to create personalized
spinal implants. With Medicrea, Medtronic will be the first company to offer an integrated spine surgery
solution that includes AI-driven surgical planning, personalized implants and robotic-assisted surgical
delivery. This further extends our competitive advantage in Spine.

We will continue to use the strength of our balance sheet to supplement our organic growth and help drive
increased and sustained revenue growth into the future.

Next, let's turn to our pipeline, which is not just a share-taking pipeline, it expands the total addressable
market for Medtronic as we intend to bring innovative technology to large health care opportunities such
as hypertension and cancer screening.

So starting with our Cardiac and Vascular Group. I've already mentioned the impact that our recent
launches of Micra AV and Cobalt and Crome are having in our CRHF division. But in addition to that, our
next-generation cardiac diagnostic, LINQ II, received FDA approval in the quarter. And we began the
limited U.S. release and expect the full market launch by calendar year-end.

In our Cardiac Ablation Solutions business, we started the European limited release of our DiamondTemp
cardiac ablation system with its unique closed-loop, temperature-controlled RF system. And in June,
our Arctic Front Advance cryo system became the first ablation system to receive FDA approval to treat
patients with persistent AF. And this Saturday, results from our STOP AF First trial, which studied our
cryoballoon as a first-line treatment for paroxysmal AF, will be presented virtually as a late-breaking trial
at ESC.

And in our Coronary business, our Resolute Onyx drug-eluting stent became the first and only stent to
receive CE Mark for 1-month DAPT treatment for high bleeding risk patients. And we expect FDA approval
for this differentiated labeling later this calendar year.

In CVG, we also resumed a number of important clinical trials that were on hold due to the pandemic,
including our pivotal trials for our extravascular ICD, our Intrepid transcatheter mitral valve, our
PulseSelect pulse field ablation system and our Symplicity Spyral renal denervation system.

In our ON MED renal denervation trial, half of the sites have resumed enrollment, and we're aiming
to complete the trial and present the data next calendar year. We're in the lead with Ardian, and this
represents a multibillion-dollar opportunity to better treat the millions of patients around the world who
suffer from hypertension.

As I've already mentioned, we're now launching a number of products across the Restorative Therapies
Group, like the DTM spinal cord stimulator, our InterStim Micro sacral nerve stimulator and our Percept
PC deep brain stimulator. Look, RTG is on a roll, and we expect these products to drive growth and take
share going forward. And we intend to keep the RTG momentum going well into the future. We're making
large investments in new products for neurovascular, for ENT and for enhancements to our Mazor X spinal
robotics system.

In Diabetes, we continue to execute on our near-term pipeline. We're on track for the MiniMed 770G
approval later this summer. We've received CE Mark approval for our MiniMed 780G advanced hybrid
closed-loop system, and we'll launch this fall. We also continue to make meaningful progress on our
sensor pipeline. Our U.S. pivotal trial for Synergy is now underway. Enrollment is going well, and we're
getting great feedback on this disposable sensor that is 50% smaller than our current product.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

In our Minimally Invasive Therapies Group, we continue to make progress on bringing our soft tissue
robotics system to market. Our final validation and verification testing is going very well, and our surgeon
feedback continues to be positive. On the last earning call, we told you that our time line had been
disrupted by COVID-19, but we've been managing through this and mitigating the impact to our time
lines. In fact, we expect to be in a position to file for CE Mark and U.S. IDE approval in the first calendar
quarter of 2021. Now COVID could change that, but we thought it was important to update you as to
where we are today and let you know that we have a high level of confidence as we move towards
commercialization.

In MITG, we've also been rapidly developing new solutions to treat COVID-19, including adding remote
management capability to our Puritan Bennett 980 ventilator, integrating Nellcor pulse oximetry sensors
with Vapotherm's closed-loop high-flow ventilation system, and enhancing our Vital Sync remote
monitoring solution to allow caregivers to remotely monitor our pulse oximetry and our capnography
devices through a mobile application.

Many of these features, they were developed in days and weeks, which in the past might have taken
us months and quarters. But because we found new ways, we're moving faster. We're partnering with
others, whether that's on technology development or in supply chain relationships. We're working with
our regulators to ensure they have everything they need to streamline their decision-makers. And our
own people are stepping up across the company. As one example, we increased our internal ventilator
production fivefold in a matter of just a few months, from 200 a week to over 1,000 a week.

This is what I mean when I say Medtronic is finding a new gear. We've been operating with a high sense
of urgency, and we're going to carry this forward. I've discussed in the past how our organization needs
to simplify and become less bureaucratic. In the coming weeks, you're going to hear more about the
actions we're taking to become a more nimble and a more competitive organization, empowering our
business units while also allowing them to take advantage of Medtronic's global scale. I'm really excited
about this direction. And I'm convinced that by empowering our general managers, we can become more
competitive, we can accelerate our innovation, we can serve our customers better and we're going to
unlock a lot of value for our shareholders.

So with that, let me now ask Karen to take you through a discussion of our first quarter financials and our
outlook. Karen, over to you.

Karen L. Parkhill
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you. As Geoff mentioned, our first quarter organic revenue decline of approximately 17% was
better than initially expected and an 8 point improvement over last quarter.

CVG and RTG, in particular, had double-digit improvements from their fourth quarter decline. Within CVG,
Cardiac Rhythm & Heart Failure improved the most, declining in the mid-teens, thanks to both rebounding
procedures and share capture from new products. And within RTG, Core Spine and Pain Stim had strong
sequential improvements with the bounce back of these more deferrable procedures in the United States.

I would note that our organic revenue decline excludes the benefit we received from an extra week of
sales in the first fiscal month of the quarter, which we estimate added approximately $360 million to $390
million in revenue, less than our extra week would have been without a pandemic. But it's important to
note, this benefit was offset by our plan to reduce customer bulk purchases.

Hopefully, you'll recall from prior earnings calls that we intended to use a good portion of the benefit from
this extra week to reduce the practice of customers placing large bulk orders as we're working to better
balance these across the quarter. We began this process earlier than planned due to depressed demand
with COVID in the fourth quarter, and we still had some residual reduction in customer inventory levels
this quarter. As we look ahead, the vast majority of the bulk reduction is behind us. There are only a small
number of areas, such as our TAVR business, where we've been transitioning to a consignment model in
select U.S. accounts and where we should see another quarter or 2 of modest headwind.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

On the bottom line, our adjusted EPS was $0.62, a decline of 51%, including an estimated benefit from
the extra week of approximately $0.06 to $0.10. As our revenue improved throughout the quarter, we saw
a strong flow through to our bottom line, resulting in EPS well ahead of expectations.

That said, with the decline in revenue, we continue to see deleveraging down our P&L. Several of our
plants ran at less than full capacity, resulting in a larger period expense of our fixed overhead costs and a
decline in our gross margin, as we expected. We also had increased SG&A and R&D spend, as I signaled
last quarter, given both the extra week and the increased investment we are making in our pipeline and
product launches. As a result, our operating margin was 16.5%, down 12 points year-over-year, but an
improvement of 40 basis points from last quarter.

Turning to our balance sheet. Our financial position is strong with ample liquidity to act on opportunities.
We remain focused on investing both organically and inorganically through tuck-in acquisitions and
minority investments to drive our long-term growth strategies. We've increased our cadence of M&A
and we're increasing our level of R&D investment with partners like Blackstone Life Sciences, who will
invest more than $300 million over the next several years, to help us accelerate specific pump and CGM
programs in diabetes. These creative strategies will enable us to accelerate our planned investment and
our growth. I view this as a key win for our company; the patients we serve; and you, our shareholders.

Turning more to the macro level. We expect both organic and inorganic investments to fuel a longer-term
revenue growth acceleration, creating strong returns for our shareholders, supplemented by our growing
dividend. As an S&P Dividend Aristocrat, we've increased our dividend for 43 years, and our current yield
of 2.3% is in the upper quartile of S&P 500 health care companies.

Looking ahead, the uncertainty of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to make it difficult to provide
our traditional annual and quarterly guidance. However, as we shared last quarter, we intend to be as
transparent as possible to help you understand how we're thinking about the trajectory of our business.

We've experienced a faster-than-expected recovery. On the top line, May was better than April and
June was better than May, and that improvement has continued into July and August. While there's still
uncertainty regarding the recovery, if these trends hold, we would expect our second quarter organic
growth rate to improve at a rate similar to what we saw between the fourth and the first quarters, where
the fourth was down 25% and the first declined 17%. From there, we expect sequential improvement in
the third and fourth quarters, and we still expect to be back to normal growth in the fourth quarter on a 2-
year stacked basis.

When we look at our second quarter expectations by group. MITG should be better than the company
average, given continued increased demand in our Respiratory business and increased volumes in
Surgical Innovations. CVG has the potential to be a little better than company average given its new
product introductions. Diabetes is expected to perform roughly in line. And RTG could be a little below
the total company given its higher mix of capital equipment sales, but we're still seeing some sequential
improvement.

Looking at the P&L. We're investing to support numerous product launches, and we're investing in R&D
programs to ensure our pipeline remains full. Despite the pandemic, we're not pulling back. Instead, we're
focused on making the necessary investments to accelerate our revenue growth and ensure the long-
term health of our company. Having said that, we could see a couple of points of sequential improvement
in both our gross and operating margins in the second quarter compared to the first. And we expect
continued margin improvement through the second half until we return to more normal margins some
time toward the end of our fiscal year.

Regarding currency, the picture has improved with a weakening dollar. On revenue, assuming recent rates
hold constant, our second quarter impact flips to a slight tailwind after 2 years of a headwind, and the full
year benefit is now over $100 million. On the bottom line at recent rates, the second quarter headwind
should be similar to the first, and the full year has improved by about $0.05 from the $0.20 impact I
mentioned last quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

As I wrap up, I would want you to take away that whatever the recovery looks like, we intend to outpace
our end markets. We're focused on competing and winning, and we have the industry's best and broadest
pipeline, the resources and the people to do it. The future is bright, and I'm proud to be part of this team,
driving our imperative to fuel our growth and also fulfill our mission, ensuring that millions of people
around the world can benefit from our products and services.

Back to you, Geoff.

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Okay. Thanks, Karen. I hope you got a sense today for our recovery trajectory as well as how we're
changing at Medtronic, and we'll continue this conversation at our Investor Day on October 14.

During the pandemic, our entire leadership team came together to determine how we could better serve
our customers and evolve our culture. We worked together to find this new gear, and we're on our way
to becoming a more nimble and competitive organization. We're playing offense, and we're energized to
use this moment when our pipeline is kicking in to expand our markets and take share. And importantly,
we're driving towards faster and broader top line growth, not just as we emerge from the pandemic, but
sustainable growth over the long term.

So with that, let's now move to Q&A. In addition to Karen and me, we also have our 4 group presidents:
Mike Coyle, Bob White, Brett Wall and Sean Salmon, here to answer your questions. And as usual, we
want to get to as many questions as possible, so please help us by limiting yourself to one question and,
if necessary, a related follow-up. If you have additional questions, please contact Ryan and our Investor
Relations team after the call.
Operator, first question, please?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

Your first question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Geoff, congrats on a solid [ prints ] here. I had one question and a follow-up. I'll ask them in the same
question.

I guess it's interesting, you started your comments with a focus on market share, Geoff. One, is the
implication here that Medtronic's focus on market share, the implication is that you guys need to be
growing in line to above market -- end markets? Because I do feel like one of the better thesis is
Medtronic is too big to grow. Is that about to change with this focus on market share? And what is driving
this, right? Is this -- has something changed here internally to drive this focus on market share to see that
being reflected in numbers?

And as a follow-up, I think a robotic time line, calendar first quarter '21. I think the ultimate time line
was mid of this year, this 5, 6 months. I just want to make sure that was just purely a function of COVID
and software issues, et cetera, that have been resolved. And what does it mean for robotic market share,
right? If you're focused on market share across your segments, does it mean that Medtronic should gain
its a fair share or perhaps more than fair share in that robotic surgery?

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Okay. Thanks, Vijay. I appreciate the questions. On the first one regarding market share, you're asking
why the focus, what's changed? We spent the last couple of years talking about our pipeline. And this has
been a big focus on the company. And like we've talked about, our pipeline is the best it's been in a long
time. And as we went through this CEO transition, I spent a lot of time with the team, on Zoom calls all
the time. And we're determined to make this pipeline count, not just for patients and our customers, but
for shareholders.

And so we feel that, sometimes, our market share is commensurate with our technology, meaning our
technology should yield more market share. And this is an organizational focus that we want to take on
in terms of just really focused on -- really a deeper focus on understanding the end markets and our
competitors, what the competitors are doing. And making sure that we understand that and compete
effectively.

And this isn't -- this is an organizational focus. This isn't just -- I'm not talking about our field. It's
everybody. And understanding each one of these competitive battles that we face, first recognizing those,
understanding what it's going to take to win and tracking them. And all these competitive battles add up,
and there's no rounding error when it comes to one of these competitive battles.

So it is an enhanced focus on market share, and we felt like now is the time to do this given all the
products that we have coming out. We want to make it -- like I said, we want to make the pipeline count,
not just for our patients, which is first and foremost, and our customers, but for our shareholders as well.
So I felt that was the moment to do this. And we're really excited about that.

And yes, the expectation is overall, in aggregate, to grow at the market or higher. And we haven't done
that in the recent past. And so in some cases, we need to exceed the market growth and -- to make up for
a couple of areas where we're behind. But the expectation for every single one of our segments is to grow
at least at the market share. And we've made that really clear. And as you talk to people in Medtronic, I
think that message is out there.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Your second question about the robot. Yes, I mean, the delays were driven by COVID. Yes, the software
issues we've talked about in the past, we believe are resolved, and we're in the final validation and
verification. And the testing has gone really well. We've got surgeons working on these robots. And like I
said, the feedback is great, and we're excited. And we're going to hit our market release date here shortly.
And what that means for us is that, that triggers the file -- or the ability for us to file, which we talked
about in the commentary I mentioned, in calendar Q1 for both CE Mark and U.S. IDE.

So yes, we're -- we feel it has been de-risked. We've got a high level of confidence. And now the
excitement is building inside the company and with our surgeons that are working on this. So we're
excited.

And you asked about a market share forecast. Yes, I'm not prepared to give that right now. I mean,
we're going up against a strong competitor. We're really excited about this. My time at Medtronic, I feel
like we're in a position where you're defending high market shares from new competitors. It's going to
be fun to be on the other end of that equation and coming at a well-established, 100% market share
competitor, but coming at them with some great technology with the financial resources of Medtronic, a
really energized field sales force. So we're looking forward to this.

And I'm not going to give out market share forecasts, but we're going to be a meaningful player in this
market. Go big or go home, Vijay. We're going to be meaningful on this, and we're excited.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I love that, go big or go home. Congrats, guys.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Bob Hopkins at Bank of America.

Robert Adam Hopkins
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just one clarification and one question. On the clarification side, you mentioned talking about some
disclosures you'll be making over the next couple of weeks about kind of changes at Medtronic. Is that all
stuff that's going to come at the Analyst Day? Or are there disclosures coming before that? So that's just
the clarification.

And then the question is, Geoff, I was really encouraged to hear your comments about improvements
continuing into July and August. And obviously, Karen made those as well. It's a huge issue for Medtronic
and for all of medtech because there is a lot of uncertainty out there. So Geoff, I was wondering if you
could just make some comments on just what you're seeing out there in July and August in terms of kind
of the rescheduled procedures versus new demand? And what you're hearing from hospitals and patients?
Just any comments on the kind of the pace of the broader recovery would be much appreciated.

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

All right. Thanks, Bob. One, on the clarification, on the changes, these are changes we'll talk more about,
like you mentioned, at our Investor Day. And I don't want to go too deep into them today. But the broad
brush strokes are some structural changes that empower our businesses to make decisions and to be
more -- and this is really getting at speed of decision-making, at being nimble and faster. And as you
know, we're competing against a lot of focused -- smaller-focus companies, not just here, but in China
and other places around the world. And then -- but at the same time, allowing these businesses to benefit
from very specific and meaningful areas where our scale makes a difference, like technology platforms.

Any time our businesses are pooling from broader technology platforms in Medtronic, they're able to
iterate on a much more consistent -- meaningful iteration on a much faster and consistent basis and also
disrupt, like we did with -- what we're doing with Micro right now in the pacing space. Our manufacturing
footprint to ensure a high-quality standard all the time at the right price, at the right cost levels. So

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

things, technology, manufacturing, our regional scale as we move into some of these regions, these are all
areas that we want to make sure our businesses can benefit from.

But in terms of disclosures, there's not going to be like disclosures before that. We'll be rolling this out
to -- within the company over the next couple of weeks [ and in ] a month or 2. But I don't think there's
going to be any formal disclosures on that until we get to our Investor Day when we talk about it.

And in terms of your question around the market improvements, it is encouraging. A couple of comments
there. First, there's a big difference depending on the therapy or product area and the business that we're
in. We do have a wide range here. Things that are more urgent like neurovascular, things that are more
selective like some of the areas [ in RTG ] like Pelvic Health or something like that.

We're seeing, by country, it's different. But we're seeing a much -- we've seen much -- continue to see
a much sharper recovery in the United States and Europe. China has been pretty steady. But the whole
pile of geographies and all of the therapy areas, all of them are improving. And we're seeing sequential
month-over-month improvement. I think the last time we had an earnings call, we were talking about
how things ended in April and we had some momentum into May. Well, that every week, it's got -- every
month, it's gotten better, into June, July and into the first couple of weeks of August. We continue to see
improvements here.

And then in terms of the patient fear, look, the surveys that we've seen and conducted, that has been --
it's still out there. But it's been, in my opinion, mitigated quite a bit.

And the hospitals. I just talked to another hospital CEO on Friday, and this is in the U.S. context. They
seem very committed to staying, keeping open for business and serving patients. And I think they also
need it financially. And another shutdown, it's something they don't want to do.

And then, yes, the other thing that I think -- so these are all things that are going on out there. And we're
participating in helping with patient fear, and where we've partnered with the American Heart Association,
American Stroke Association. And we're working with physicians, we're working with -- but the other area
I want to highlight is stuff that we're doing, right? Like I just mentioned, we're out there working with
physicians and their offices and hospitals. We're out there, staying focused on our customers.

We're also helping them implement new technologies that really help in this COVID time frame, like our
remote capabilities, especially in Cardiac Rhythm right now. That's making a big difference. We talked
about the ventilator space. I mean, these were physician-specific requests that came from individual
hospitals around product features. And our response to this and how fast we move, this makes a big
difference. And these stories circulate within the hospital, and the C-suites have been more engaged with
us.

And so between the market coming back, but from a geography perspective, from a therapy perspective,
and the actions that we've taken over the last couple of months, we're in a way better position than we
thought we would be just 3 months ago, and we see the continued momentum.

Now everybody is a little nervous about the fall with the back to school. I just dropped off 2 college
students in the last week. And -- but like I said earlier, I do think hospitals are committed to staying
open. And we're feeling better about what was maybe a potential disruption. We don't feel -- we're not as
worried about it as we were a couple of months ago. Hope that helps.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of David Lewis with Morgan Stanley.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just 2 for me. I'll ask right up front for Geoff and Karen.

So Geoff, I just -- I know it's early, but what's the profile Medtronic should aspire to relative to the 4% and
8% top and bottom you gave back in 2018? And if we can't get specific numbers, I'm just sort of curious,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

should investors expect that both of those numbers should move higher? Or is the focus more on revenue
for the intermediate term?

And then, Karen, just kind of related question. There's been a series of off- and on-balance sheet
transactions, most notably the recent M&A and Blackstone. So that clearly suggests the company's desire
to accelerate growth. What does it tell us, if anything, Karen, about sort of the flexibility of the P&L in
terms of margin opportunities going forward?

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Well, maybe I'll take a stab. David, first, thanks for the question. Let me take a stab at it, and then I'll
hand it off to Karen.

But on the 8% EPS, now we're committed to that, right? So talk about market share, we talk about
growth. Let me be clear, it's not at the expense of that 8% EPS growth, it's -- and our free cash flow
conversion, which we've worked so hard to improve over the last couple of years. So we're not going to
take a step back there. We're committed to that. And as we grow -- as we grow more, right? As we grow
at the market more in aggregate, which would be a meaningful improvement over the last couple of years,
and take share, the growth will get higher. We'll have some optionality of what to do with that incremental
earnings, but we're committed to that 8%. And we'll decide, as that growth gets there, what we're going
to do with the extra EPS. I'd like to invest some of it, and we'll see what we do with the rest here.

But with that, maybe I'll turn it over to Karen for comment.

Karen L. Parkhill
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Geoff, and thanks, David, for the questions. Yes, we have a strong balance sheet, and we
have been using that to help our growth. And we've supplemented that, as you mentioned, with partners
like Blackstone to help us accelerate that growth.

In terms of the flexibility of the P&L for margin going forward, what I would say is that our bias is going
to be on driving revenue acceleration higher and keeping it consistent. And so given that bias, we will be
focused on continuing to invest to ensure that our pipeline remains as full as it has been in the recent
past.

So could margins improve? Yes, a little bit, but we're more committed to driving that revenue growth
acceleration and maintaining a bottom line EPS of 8%-plus than we are on dropping a significant amount
to the bottom line. We'll be focused more on investing. Hope that helps.

David Ryan Lewis
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Super helpful.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan.

Robert Justin Marcus
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And I'll be the first to tell you I did kind of like the video format. It was good to see you after being virtual
for so long.

Maybe on the question, and I'll kind of loop 2 in here. The first is we're seeing you year-over-year
increases in R&D while we're seeing most of your peers down year-over-year. You're clearly leaning in on
R&D. I was wondering, where are these dollars going? What are the projects that you're seeing and you're
investing in?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

And then maybe along those lines, you're also clearly investing heavily in Diabetes. There was speculation
a while ago, maybe you'd exit that business. It looks to me less likely given how much you're putting into
resources here. What's the latest thoughts? You have new management. Lots of investment there. How
should we be thinking about this business? And is this a 3- to 5-year turnaround story? Or is it something
we could see in the shorter term?

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Okay. Thanks, Robbie. A lot into those questions there. Well, first, thanks for the compliment on the video.
I'm glad it went well. My wife was skeptical, but I thought it was okay. We'll see how we go going forward
here.

In terms of the R&D increases, yes, we want to put more into R&D both -- and be creative. And when
I look at R&D, we're looking at traditional R&D of our income statement. These creative third-party
partnerships like Blackstone, which have a very good return on them, are also something we want
to use. And are inorganic, I mean, because most of what we're buying is technology -- technology-
oriented tuck-ins, which is -- which are all somewhere on their path to commercialization and/or just been
commercialized.

So all of this gets back to investing in areas in our business. We just have a lot of great ideas. The old idea
that our eyes are bigger than our stomach, and we want to get more R&D capability here. We've got --
just to list some of the products. We're talking about our pipeline today that's coming out, right? But the
R&D -- and there's some R&D that needs to go into sustaining that and iterating that, things like spinal
robotics and things like that. I mean, we're not done, we're just getting started. So there's a lot more to
go into there.

But some of the things that are on the pipeline, like Ardian, that's a multibillion-dollar opportunity there.
The EV ICD, I'll start with cardiac here. Pulse select -- the pulse field ablation. I mean, just those 3 are, I'd
call, more medium term for us and are very exciting and I think could use more investment to speed up
and drive bigger impact.

And in RTG, there's always more to invest in, in neurovascular. Brett Wall and Stacey Pugh make sure of
that. There's lots of products there, and that's a high-growth area.

Like I mentioned, DBS, we have the directional lead system coming out. We want to invest in closed loop.
I just think, look, neuromodulation is a big growth opportunity for this -- for the industry, for the company.
And I think it's going to have a huge impact on patients.

And then MITG, obviously, the soft tissue robot, we talked about the time line there. But we still have to
commercialize that. That's going to take some investment, may not show up in the R&D line, but we need
to invest there. And we mentioned in the commentary, some of the products starting to come out from our
Digital Surgery acquisition, this Touch Surgery Enterprise. We're very excited about that as we move -- we
believe we're leading in robotics, soft tissue robotics, the AI side of it. And so there's a lot of opportunity
there.

And then of course Diabetes. We've got to catch up on the sensor side. And we're -- I don't know if
everybody picked up, but we're really excited about the sensor pipeline here. It's -- I wish it were
happening even faster, but it is accelerated from what we -- we're well into the Synergy trial -- enrollment,
rather, and getting great feedback on that.

So there's lots of opportunities for R&D investment. And that's probably, I don't know, 70%, 80% of
what we're talking about internally is this pipeline and how do we feed it, how do we speed it up? So very
excited about that.

And then speaking on Diabetes, you said 3 to 5 years. I'm not even going to ask Sean this question
because I know the answer. It's not 3 to 5 years. It's going to be faster than that. And I think when we get
780 out there, it's going to be a big step forward. Like I mentioned, our sensor pipeline, which is the weak
spot here, that is -- we feel good about that. And again, I wish it were faster, but it isn't 3 to 5 years.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

So -- and the rumors about Diabetes, they didn't come from us. I mean, we're committed to this, and
we've never blinked, and we're not going to.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with Citibank.

Joanne Karen Wuensch
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

As has been communicated with investors this morning, one of the themes that's coming across is a sense
of being reinvigorated or "a different Medtronic." So what you see, Geoff, because you're relatively new in
the CEO role and you get to do it in the midst of a pandemic. What do you see that is different that how
you're going to make your mark on the company?

And on the other side of this pandemic, how do you think Medtronic is going to look different? Because it
seems to me that the way Medtronic has approached managing its employees during the pandemic may
be somewhat different than the way others have.

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

In terms of reinvigorated, I think we do feel reinvigorated, and it's in large part because of where we sit
right now as a company. I mean, this pipeline is exciting, and it's something that we've been investing in
for a long time.

And look, the COVID has been -- has extracted a huge human toll and an economic toll. But -- so I'm
looking for bright spots coming out of COVID. And one of them has been the ability for, during this time,
our leadership team to sit down together, like I said, a lot of Zoom calls and some face-to-face, but -- and
really look at where we are as a company and take a step back.

And what we're seeing is way more opportunities than challenges. But top of -- I mean look, we've got
our mission, especially during a pandemic like this, really shows how valuable that mission is, and it helps
us clarify our decisions and really helps us, in our opinion, stand out relative to others in how we act and
how we show up. And so we've always had that, and that has shown even just how -- we're reminded how
powerful that is during a crisis like we face now.

We've got a very -- we've got great technology, great market positions. We've got a very experienced
leadership team, and I come back to this pipeline. And so when we started to look at all this, we feel like
there's just a huge opportunity. We want to make this pipeline count. And so that's why we're excited. And
if it feels like we're reinvigorated, that's good. I don't know if I want to use that word, but I can tell you
that we're excited because of all this and the opportunity.

And it's not just like, hey, here's the pipeline, and it's going to work its way through. And then there's like
a -- then there's peaks and troughs. That's not it. We're refilling this pipeline. I just mentioned all these
-- I just went through the last question, all of these things about the R&D, where we're putting it. There's
so much to do, so much opportunity. So yes, we are excited. And that's why we also are focusing on this
market share opportunity. We want to make this pipeline count.

And how we'll look different? One, we want to -- in the near term, we want to be growing at or above
the market. So whatever the recovery is, it's hard to forecast. We're trying our best, as you guys are,
to forecast recovery. But we want to be on the leading edge of that and doing better relative to our
competitors. And our pipeline is going to lead the way, and we're going to have great commercial
execution here. And so that should be a meaningful increase to our growth relative to our competition. So
that looks different.

And look, our employees have always had a strong loyalty and allegiance to Medtronic. But I think that's
increased over the last couple of months as people realized what -- how much the mission means. But we
still have work to do and working on things like what is our role here in some of social justice issues that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

are out in the communities that spill into our offices. And so you're going to see us more aggressive on
those, taking stronger stands on some of those issues.

But over time, longer term, we want to put the tech in medtech. And we want to shift -- we want to pool
in some of these digital technologies to change our offerings. And over time, we're very device-centric,
in addition to the devices, we want to pull in data and analytics. And you start to see that in pockets of
Medtronic, like with the Nutrino acquisition in Diabetes, the Digital Surgery, acquisition in MITG for the soft
tissue robot. We're working with, partnering with companies like Viz.ai for stroke detection.

And so having our offerings be smarter and self-learning, and our offerings providing a lot of data and
insights in addition to therapy back to our customers, I think this is an area that, that -- this is going to
take some time, but this is something we're committed to.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.

Lawrence H. Biegelsen
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

And mine -- or for Karen. Just Karen, one clarification. How much of the extra week was offset by reduced
bulk purchases in the quarter? And for my question, last quarter, you gave some helpful commentary on
the exit rates in the last month. What did you see in July relative to what looks like about a negative 9%
organic year-over-year growth rate you're guiding to in fiscal Q2? And can you get to flat or growth in
fiscal Q3?

Karen L. Parkhill
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you. Thank you, Larry. So in terms of the extra week, basically, all of it was offset by the reduction
in customer bulk purchases. So the net effect was essentially very minimal.

In terms of the monthly trends that we're seeing, we're not going to give year-over-year monthly
comparisons, and that's really because the reduction in bulk sales and the different number of selling days
in the quarter can make that confusing. But I would want you to take away that our -- and Geoff talked
about this, our average daily sales rate saw a significant step up in May and then again in June, and that
continued into July and August. And we believe this trend will continue.

We've signaled that we believe our second quarter should see improvement roughly equal to the
improvement that we saw between the fourth quarter and the first quarter. And just to remind you, the
fourth quarter declined 25%, the first quarter 17%. That's a differential of about 8%. That's the kind of
improvement that we would expect to see in the second quarter. And then we would expect to continue
that improvement into the back half. And by the time we reach our fourth quarter, we would expect to be
back to more normal growth when you look at it on a 2-year stacked basis.

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

I think we have time for maybe 2 more questions.

Operator

Our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy with SVB Leerink.

Danielle Joy Antalffy
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

I second Robbie's comments on the visual, too. So thanks for that.

If I could just ask a question, Geoff, on the commentary around market share gains. And I'm curious, just
more specifically, tied to sort of what you're talking about with the new infrastructure investments and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

things like that, that we'll hear more about on the Analyst Day, how much of this sort of reinvigorated
effort around really gaining market share and being more aggressive is tied to things like that versus
potentially having to build out further from a product perspective and innovate even more on the pipeline?
And that's my only question.

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Well, on the innovation side, I mean, like I said, we feel like we've got a great pipeline, the best we've
had, and it's coming to fruition now. And we've got more out there in the medium and long term. But
we're not ever going to be satisfied on our pipeline. I mean, innovation is the lifeblood of the company. So
we're always going to want to invest more. And really just not -- ultimately, the ultimate judge here would
be the level of innovation and the outcomes we can produce with these technologies, both for patients and
economic outcomes for the health system. So that's the ultimate.

But we don't want to be outspent either. So we are investing more, using these creative, like the
Blackstone partnership, using our balance sheet more, trying to get more efficient. We're always going to
try to get more efficient in R&D. So we're never going to be satisfied with innovation. Omar used to talk
about -- he talks about health care as being like a, by definition, an unlimited demand. As soon as you
solve one problem, people want another problem solved, and they want it solved faster. So we're going to
keep going on the innovation.

And the market share, it's really -- it's 2 things that we're going to need to do -- well, 3 things really. You
need to have the products, right? You have the pipeline, which we've talked about. The other 2 areas that
we've talked about is structurally allowing to help increase that innovation, allowing our business units to
have more levers to pull, to be more nimble and faster to compete with -- the marketplace in medtech is
pretty competitive.

Like I said, we face a lot of smaller and maybe more focused competition. And I don't really like this idea,
well, they're smaller, so they should grow faster. I don't -- I'm not a believer in that. And so neither is our
leadership team for that matter, and we're not accepting that. So we want to treat our businesses and
give them the ability to compete against anybody, whether it's a big, well-funded or competitor with lots of
technology or more established competitor or a smaller, up and coming competitor. We want to be able to
compete with all. So making some structural changes to better position them for that.

And then the third is just the cultural piece, is just setting that expectation that we're always going to be
a mission-driven company. We're always going to be an innovation-driven company. We're always going
to be that company that's pushing the envelope here and starting new therapy areas like an Ardian. We're
going to be that company. But we also want to be the company that is able to kind of hold the share in
these markets that we establish; and in some cases, like soft tissue robotics where we weren't the first, to
come in as a meaningful second. And I think there's room for improvement in the mindset of the company
on competing like that. So that's a cultural.

So pipeline, always first. Some structural changes that we think we can work through without too much
disruption here. And then the cultural changes around expectations on competing.

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

Well take the last question, Regina.

Operator

Our final question comes from the line of Raj Denhoy with Jefferies.

Rajbir Singh Denhoy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Wonder if maybe I could ask about Companion Medical. You talked about the potential for that product
in the diabetes market. But maybe you could share a little bit about your internal projections for revenue
growth for that and when it can start to be a meaningful contributor to your growth.

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Well first on Companion, we're -- we haven't finalized the acquisition, so we're limited in what we can say.
But Sean is the real champion and architect behind on that deal. And so maybe, Sean Salmon is on the
phone here. I'll turn it over to Sean for some comments.

Sean M. Salmon
EVP & President of Diabetes Operating Unit

Yes. Great. Yes. Thanks for the question, Raj. Yes. So as Geoff said, the deal is not yet finalized, but
the opportunity is very attractive. You heard Geoff's commentary, so there's about 12x the number
of patients. It's -- we think by our modeling, it's about 13.5 million patients worldwide who are using
multiple daily injections to treat their diabetes. And it's a very, very underpenetrated opportunity. So
for us to go into that market and add value to those who either choose to be there or have to be there
because of other considerations is where we want to meet those patients.

And this really dovetails very nicely into our improving sensor pipeline and adding the capabilities that
we've added in the company over time, those building blocks for the powerful AI and data science
capabilities, which we think when deployed against, knowing how much insulin you're getting at what
time, you can markedly improve the outcomes for patients who choose to use multiple daily injections.

So that does a few things, right? We can capture more of the patients who are upstream and maybe move
patients who get comfortable with technology into some other solutions that we have in our automated
insulin delivery systems.

Rajbir Singh Denhoy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Great. And maybe just, Geoff, one follow-up relative to acquisitions broadly, right? So Companion and
other kind of tuck-in deals you've talked about. Should one assume that you have no appetite for larger
deals, or you continue to focus really just on the tuck-in side of things? Really just any broader thoughts
there would be helpful.

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Focus is on the tuck-ins. And the tuck-ins can get up to $1 billion or low billions. But that's the focus, is
we've got -- that's the focus. We like where we are right now and the tuck-ins will help us. But we're not
focused beyond that.

Ryan Weispfenning
Vice President of Investor Relations

Geoff, would you like to conclude?

Geoffrey Straub Martha
CEO & Chairman of the Board

Okay. Well, thanks for the questions. And look, I really appreciate -- we all really appreciate your support
and interest in Medtronic. And we're looking forward to presenting more details of our longer-term
strategy at our October 14 Investor Day, and then updating you on our quarterly progress on our Q2
Earnings Call, which we anticipate holding on November 24.

So thanks for joining us today, stay healthy and safe, and have a great day.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's call. Thank you all for joining, and you may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

MEDTRONIC PLC FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 25, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

