MetLife, Inc. NYSE:MET
FQ3 2020 Pre Recorded Earnings Call 
Transcripts
Wednesday, November 04, 2020 12:00 AM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.91

1.58

Revenue  (mm)

15077.83

16000.92

9.49

3.17

5.47

6.03

61289.17

67597.81

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-24-2020 5:18 AM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.40

1.38

1.44

0.91

1.27

1.98

1.58

0.83

(9.29 %)

43.48 %

9.72 %

(8.79 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

3

4

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

Presentation

John Dennis McCallion
Executive VP & CFO

Hello, and thank you for joining me today. I'm pleased to be speaking with you from MetLife's
headquarters in New York City, where I'll discuss our results for the third quarter of 2020.

MetLife delivered a strong third quarter, driven by variable investment income, balanced underwriting and
expense discipline.

Third quarter net income was $633 million compared to net income of $2.2 billion in the third quarter of
2019. The decline is primarily a result of mark-to-market losses on derivatives that hedge our liabilities.

On a year-to-date basis, net income was $5.1 billion compared to net income of $5.2 billion a year ago.
Adjusted earnings were $1.6 billion, up 33%, and up 35% on a constant currency basis. On a per share
basis, adjusted earnings were $1.73, up 36% from the prior year period.

During the third quarter, MetLife conducted its annual global review of actual assumptions underlying the
estimate of certain insurance assets and liabilities. Actual assumption review reduced net income by $301
million, of which $203 million impacted adjusted earnings. Primary driver was the change in our long-term
interest rate assumption. We reduced the rate by 100 basis points to 2.75% over 12 years.

Now let's turn to our business results.

Starting with the U.S.

Adjusted earnings were $900 million, up 27%, driven by an increase in variable investment income and
volume growth.

Group Benefits adjusted earnings were $392 million, up 7%, driven by volume growth. Underwriting was
mixed, with favorable results in non-medical health, largely offset by higher mortality.

In Retirement and Income Solutions, adjusted earnings were $490 million, up 73%, driven by favorable
investment margins, including increased variable investment income as well as favorable underwriting and
volume growth.

In Property & Casualty, adjusted earnings were $18 million, down 68%, driven by the highest catastrophe
losses in nearly a decade.

In our non-U.S. segments, Asia adjusted earnings were up 33% and up 31% on a constant currency basis.
Excluding notable items from both periods, adjusted earnings were up 34% and up 32% on a constant
currency basis, driven by an increase in variable investment income as well as favorable underwriting,
expense margins and volume growth.

Adjusted earnings in Latin America were down 75% and down 71% on a constant currency basis.
Excluding notable items from both periods, adjusted earnings were down 67% and down 62% on a
constant currency basis, primarily driven by unfavorable COVID-related underwriting and lower Chilean
encaje returns.

In EMEA, adjusted earnings were down 2%, while on a constant currency basis, adjusted earnings were
up 2%. Excluding notable items from both periods, adjusted earnings were up 26% and up 30% on a
constant currency basis, driven by favorable underwriting, expense margins and volume growth.

And finally, in MetLife Holdings, which contains the closed block businesses from our former U.S. Retail
segment, adjusted earnings were up 70%. Excluding notable items from both periods, adjusted earnings
were up 35%, driven by an increase in variable investment income and favorable long-term care
underwriting.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

Further details regarding the performance of our business segments can be found in our earnings release
dated November 4.

Looking at some key ratios. MetLife's adjusted return on equity was 13.2%, up 250 basis points year-over-
year. Book value per common share was $53.10, up 9% from a year ago.

Turning to cash and capital management. Cash and liquid assets at the holding companies was
approximately $7.8 billion at September 30, well above our target cash buffer of $3 billion to $4 billion.

In the third quarter, we resumed share repurchases and bought back $80 million of our common stock. In
addition, we announced the acquisition of Versant Health in an all-cash deal totaling $1.7 billion. We paid
over $400 million in common stock dividends in the quarter. And our Board of Directors declared a fourth
quarter 2020 common stock dividend of $0.46 per share. All these actions reflect the ongoing confidence
we have in our financial strength.

In the face of what remains a highly uncertain environment, MetLife continues to perform well. We remain
focused on and committed to consistent execution. And we are a simpler company with the right mix of
differentiated businesses.
Thank you for watching.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

METLIFE, INC. FQ3 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

