Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 

NYSE:MTD
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 04, 2021 10:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

8.76

9.26

5.71

5.12

24.96

25.72

3.04

27.90

900.55

937.98

4.16

710.29

3049.86

3085.18

1.16

3265.52

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-29-2021 1:43 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

3.83

4.22

5.99

8.76

4.00

5.29

7.02

9.26

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4.44 %

25.36 %

17.20 %

5.71 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Mary T. Finnegan
Head of Investor Relations &
Treasurer

Olivier A. Filliol
President, CEO & Director

Patrick Kaltenbach

Shawn P. Vadala
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Brandon Couillard
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

Daniel Anthony Arias
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Derik De Bruin
BofA Securities, Research Division

Jack Meehan
Nephron Research LLC

Matthew Carlisle Sykes
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Patrick Bernard Donnelly
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Stephen Barr Willoughby
Cleveland Research Company

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the quarterly earnings conference
call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator
Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker for today, Ms. Mary Finnegan. Thank you,
ma'am. Please go ahead.

Mary T. Finnegan
Head of Investor Relations & Treasurer

Thanks, Catherine, and good evening, everyone. I'm Mary Finnegan. I'm responsible for Investor Relations
at Mettler-Toledo, and happy that you're joining us tonight. I'm joined on the call today with Olivier Filliol,
our CEO; and Shawn Vadala, our Chief Financial Officer.

Let me cover just a couple administrative matters. This call is being webcast and is available for replay
on our website. A copy of the press release and the presentation that we refer to on today's call is also
available on our website.

Let me summarize the safe harbor language, which is outlined on Page 2 of the presentation. Statements
in this presentation, which are not historical facts, constitute forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These
statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of
activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any
forward-looking statement. For a discussion of these risks and uncertainties, please see our most recent
Form 10-K and other reports filed with the SEC from time to time. All forward-looking statements are
qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed under the caption factors affecting our
future operating results and in the business and management discussion and analysis of financial condition
and results of operations section of our filings.

Just one other item. On today's call, we may use non-GAAP financial measures. More detailed information
with respect to the use of and differences between the non-GAAP financial measure and the most directly
comparable GAAP measure is provided in our Form 8-K.

I will now turn the call over to Olivier.

Olivier A. Filliol
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Mary, and good evening, everyone. I'm calling in from Switzerland tonight, while Shawn and
Mary are in Columbus, Ohio. Patrick Kaltenbach is also joining the call with me from Switzerland, and we
are excited to have him on board. Patrick and I have had very productive onboarding sessions over the
last few weeks, and he most recently has begun to meet with the senior leadership team, who is very
happy to welcome him.

Patrick, I will turn it to you as I know you want to make a few comments.

Patrick Kaltenbach

Thanks, Olivier, and good evening, everyone. I am very happy to join this call tonight and more
importantly, to be part of Mettler-Toledo. I spent my time so far working with Olivier meeting senior
leaders virtually throughout the world and studying thorough strategy documents, comprehensive
materials on Spinnaker approaches and detailed R&D and Stern Drive priorities.

I am truly impressed with the depth and sophistication of the strategy, initiatives and programs that are
in place. A fantastic foundation has been built, and I'm committed to the organic growth strategy and look

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

forward to leading the team to further enhance our performance and continue this successful journey.
Olivier and Shawn will lead this call today, and I look forward to our interactions on the next call and in the
future.

Before I hand it back, I want to make a personal thank you to Olivier for the excellent onboarding process
and for handing over to me such a unique franchise. Under your leadership, you have developed Mettler-
Toledo into a jewel with a tremendous track record and future potential. I am very pleased to know that
you will continue to be part of the company. Olivier, I will turn it back to you now.

Olivier A. Filliol
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Patrick, for these very kind words. From my side, we're off to a great start, and I look forward
to our continued teamwork.

I will start with a summary of the quarter, and then Shawn will provide details on our financials. I will then
have some additional comments, and we will open the lines for Q&A.

The highlights for the quarter are on Page 3 of the presentation. We ended the year with a very strong
fourth quarter, which came in better than we expected. Local currency sales increased 7% in the quarter,
and growth was relatively broad-based throughout the world. Our Laboratory business and our Chinese
business did particularly well in the quarter. We benefited from strong execution, and we are well
positioned to capture growth as customer demand improved. However, we continued to be negatively
impacted by COVID-19 in certain areas.

From the onset of the global pandemic, our focus has been to identify and pursue pockets of growth within
our end markets and to be well positioned to capture growth as demand improved, which is what we saw
in Q4. Our innovative go-to-market approach really played very well into this environment and allowed
us to capture this growth. Good cost control and the continued benefit of our margin and productivity
initiatives contributed to strong growth in adjusted operating profit and very strong growth in adjusted
EPS in the quarter. Finally, cash flow not only in the quarter but also for the full year was excellent.

2020 was an extraordinary year with some of the most challenging market conditions we have faced in
more than a decade. Our organizational agility helped us to quickly adapt approaches and processes to the
new environment. Our broad end market diversification and the use of sophisticated data analytics allowed
us to shift our sales and marketing focus to the most promising end markets early on. It also helped to
ensure we were well positioned to capture growth as demand improved during the latter part of the year.
We adapted our supply chain and service organization to maintain superior performance that strengthened
our franchise and introduced many new digital sales and support tools to provide top-quality customer
interactions despite the remote settings of our customers and sales teams.

Throughout 2020, we increased our customer engagement and customer satisfaction, which translated
into accelerated market share gains in many product categories. With the strong end to 2020, we have
very good momentum as we start 2021 and believe we are well positioned to continue to gain share and
deliver good results.

We will have some additional comments on 2021. But first, let me turn it to Shawn to cover the financial
results.

Shawn P. Vadala
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Olivier, and hello, everyone. Sales were $938 million in the quarter, an increase of 7% in local
currency. On a U.S. dollar basis, sales increased 11% as currency benefited sales by 4% in the quarter.

On Slide #4, we show sales growth by region. Local currency sales increased 8% in the Americas, 7% in
Europe and 8% in Asia/Rest of the World. Local currency sales increased 12% in China in the quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

The next slide shows sales growth by region for the full year 2020. Local currency sales increased 2%
in the Americas, 1% in Europe and 3% in Asia/Rest of the World. China local currency sales grew 7% in
2020.

On Slide #6, we outline local currency sales growth by product area. For the fourth quarter, Laboratory
sales increased 12%, Industrial increased 1% with Core Industrial up 5% and Product Inspection down
5%. Food Retail increased 7% in the quarter. We estimate that we benefited 1% to 2% from COVID
tailwinds in the quarter related to our pipette business for COVID testing.

The next slide shows sales growth by product area for the full year. Laboratory sales increased 5%,
Industrial declined 1% with Core Industrial up 2% and Product Inspection down 7%. Food Retail declined
4% in 2020.

Let me now move to the rest of the P&L for the fourth quarter, which is summarized on the next slide.
Gross margin in the quarter was 59.6%, a 60 basis point increase over the prior year level of 59.0%. Our
margin initiatives centered on pricing in Stern Drive as well as temporary cost savings contributed to the
margin growth, offset in part by higher transportation costs and unfavorable business mix. R&D amounted
to $39.9 million, which represents a 6% increase in local currency. SG&A amounted to $226.4 million,
a 5% increase in local currency over the previous year. Increased variable compensation was offset in
part by our temporary cost savings and ongoing cost containment initiatives. Adjusted operating profit
amounted to $292.8 million in the quarter, which is a 14% increase over the prior year amount of $256.3
million. Operating margins increased 80 basis points in the quarter to 31.2%. We are very pleased with
this margin growth. Currency benefited operating profit growth by approximately 2%, but actually hurt
operating margin expansion by about 50 basis points.

A couple of final comments on the P&L. Amortization amounted to $14.7 million in the quarter, interest
expense was $9.5 million in the quarter, and other income amounted to $3.7 million. We reduced our
effective tax rate for the full year from 20.5% to 19.5%. This is the rate before discrete items and
adjusting for the timing of stock option exercises in the quarter. We are very pleased with this reduction
and expect to maintain this rate in 2021.

Moving to fully diluted shares, which amounted to $24 million in the quarter and is a 3% decline from the
prior year. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $9.26, a 19% increase over the prior year amount of $7.78.
Currency benefited adjusted EPS by approximately 2% in the quarter.

On a reported basis in the quarter, EPS was $9.03 as compared to $7.84 in the prior year. Reported EPS in
the quarter includes $0.12 of purchased intangible amortization and $0.11 of restructuring. We also had
2 offsetting items for income taxes. We had a $0.20 increase due to the difference between our quarterly
and annual tax rate due to the timing of stock option exercises. This was offset by a $0.20 benefit from
adjusting our tax rate to 19.5% for the first 3 quarters.

The next slide shows our full year results. Local currency sales increased 2% in 2020, while adjusted
operating income increased 8% and adjusted operating margins were up 130 basis points. Adjusted
EPS amounted to $25.72, an increase of 13% over the prior year amount of $22.77. Currency was
neutral to the full year adjusted EPS. Given the unprecedented challenges we faced in 2020, we are very
pleased with our performance and believe it reflects the agility and strong culture of our organization, the
effectiveness of our growth and margin expansion initiatives and resiliency of our end markets. That is it
for the P&L.

Now let me cover the cash flow. In the quarter, adjusted free cash flow amounted to $218 million, which
is an increase of 20% on a per share basis as compared to the prior year. We are very happy with our
cash flow generation. DSO declined approximately 3.5 days in the quarter to 36.5 days as compared to
the prior year. We're seeing concrete results from the use of analytics and productivity improvements and
receivable collections in cash flow management during this period. ITO came in at 4.3x.

For the full year 2020, adjusted free cash flow was $648 million as compared to the prior year amount of
$531 million. On a per share basis, this is a 26% increase in earnings flow-through of more than 100%.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

We are very pleased with this performance, which demonstrates the strength of our franchise as well as
our focus on continuous process improvements to drive cash flow generation.

Let me now turn to guidance. Forecasting continues to be challenging given the uncertainty surrounding
COVID-19 and the ultimate impact for the global economy. Market dynamics are fluid, and changes in
customer demand can happen quickly. With our strong fourth quarter performance, we continue to feel
confident about those factors within our control, namely executing on our sales and marketing initiatives
and continuing to launch new products with clear value-added benefits to our customers. We believe
we have been successful in identifying and capitalizing on pockets of growth and are well positioned to
continue to gain share. We also continue to feel positive in our ability to generate margin improvement by
our pricing and Stern Drive initiatives.

Now let me cover the specifics. For the full year 2021, we now expect local currency sales growth will be
in the range of 5% to 7% as compared to 2020. We expect full year adjusted EPS will be in the range of
$29.2 to $29.8, which is a growth rate of 14% to 16%. This compares to previous adjusted EPS guidance
in the range of $27.5 to $28.3.

With respect to the first quarter, we would expect local currency sales growth to be in the range of 11% to
13% and expected adjusted EPS to be in the range of $5.55 to $5.7, a growth rate of 39% to 43%.

Some further comments on 2021 guidance. Let me start with the pacing of the year. We expect the
first half of the year will be much stronger than the second half. We are starting the year with excellent
momentum coming off a strong Q4. The first half of the year will also benefit from easier comparisons
and the continued COVID tailwind in our pipette business. As we look to the second half, we'll face more
difficult comparisons, particularly with respect to our business in China. Our COVID tailwinds will also
turn to a headwind as we lap comparisons. We also feel more uncertainty exists for the second half of the
year, especially with respect to COVID's potential impact to the global economy. We recognize that we're
currently benefiting from strong momentum, which will not necessarily continue. We'll provide additional
quarterly guidance on our next call, but I thought it would be helpful to provide this context now.

Some additional comments on guidance. We expect interest expense to be approximately $40 million
in 2021 and total amortization to be approximately $55 million. Other income, which is below operating
profit, will be approximately $9 million in 2021. As I mentioned earlier, we would expect our effective
tax rate in 2021 to also remain at 19.5%. In terms of free cash flow for the year, we expect it to be
approximately $690 million. We will continue to repurchase shares and expect to end 2021 in a targeted
range of approximately a 1.5x leverage ratio.

Some additional details. With respect to the impact of currency on sales growth, we expect currency to
increase sales growth by approximately 3.5% in 2021 and 5% in the first quarter. In terms of adjusted
EPS, currency will benefit growth by approximately 3% in 2021.

That is it from my side, and I'll now turn it back to Olivier.

Olivier A. Filliol
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Shawn. Let me start with some comments on our operating results. Our Lab business had
exceptional growth in the quarter. Pipette had excellent growth and benefited from COVID-related testing
demand. Process Analytics had another quarter of strong growth, while demand for Analytical Instruments
and Balances recovered nicely in the quarter. Sales growth in all regions was very strong.

We expect Lab to continue to be very strong in the first half of 2021 due to favorable biopharma
trends, vaccine research and testing and bioproduction scale-up and production. Lab will face tougher
comparisons in the second half of the year. With our excellent Lab product portfolio, including our power
demand solutions, focused on automation, digital interfaces and data management and proven Spinnaker
sales and marketing strategies, we believe we're well positioned to continue to capture share.

In terms of Industrial business, Core Industrial did well in the quarter with a 5% increase driven by
double-digit growth in China. We will return to growth in Core Industrial in Europe, while Americas was

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

flat, although they had very good growth in the prior year. We are particularly pleased at how resilient our
Core Industrial has proven throughout 2020 given the challenges of the pandemic. We believe this reflects
the strength and diversity of our product portfolio, our success in identifying and pursuing pockets of
growth and strong focus on execution. Our outlook for Core Industrial remains solid, but we acknowledge
we are not immune to the overall economy and will face difficult comparisons in China during the second
half of the year.

Product Inspection came in weaker than we had anticipated with a 5% decline in the quarter. Both
Europe and Asia declined, while Americas was flat with the prior year. While our outlook has improved
for this business and we expect to start 2021 with solid growth, we are cautious as large packaged food
companies continue to face operational challenges at their manufacturing sites related to COVID. We
believe pent-up demand exists for our instruments, but ultimate timing is still hard to determine.

Food Retail came in better than we expected with 7% growth overall and growth in all regions.

Now let me make some additional comments by geography. Sales in Europe increased 7% in the quarter
with excellent growth in Lab and good growth in Core Industrial and Food Retail. We expect solid growth in
Europe in 2021. Americas increased 8% in the quarter with excellent growth in Lab, offset by flat results in
both Product Inspection and Core Industrial. We expect good growth in Americas in 2021.

Finally, Asia/Rest of the World grew 8% in the quarter with both Lab and Core Industrial doing very well.
As mentioned, China had 12% growth in the quarter with excellent growth across product lines. We
expect market conditions in China to be very favorable as we start 2021 while they face much tougher
comparisons in the second half of the year.

One final comment on the business. Service and consumables were up 13% in the quarter and 8% for the
full year.

That concludes my comments on the business. As I reflect on 2020, I'm very pleased with our
performance given the exceptional challenges we faced. This performance would not have been possible
without the strong foundation and well-ingrained corporate programs that we have in place, which allowed
us to quickly pivot and adapt to the new environment. We have always considered agility and focus on
execution a key pillar of Mettler-Toledo, and I think you saw evidence of both of these in our results.
Probably most important, however, our success in 2020 sets the stage for us to continue to capture growth
in 2021 and beyond.

Our strategy over many years has been remarkably consistent. As a leader in fragmented market, we
have established strategies that allow us to gain a little market share each year while continuously
expanding our margin. The initiatives within these strategies will evolve and develop, but strategies
remain the same.

As we look to 2021, let me comment on how we are going about this. I will start with our Spinnaker
sales and marketing initiatives. As we discussed on our last call, we made some leapfrog advances in
digital transformation during 2020 that position us very well for the future. We will continue to refine our
sophisticated analytics to guide our sales force to the best opportunities. We will continue to support our
market organization with tools and methodologies to increase sales force time with the most strategic
accounts while leveraging our value selling and cross-selling tools to further penetrate opportunities. We
will also continue to leverage digitalization to develop new approaches that drive sales force efficiency and
refine techniques to improve the effectiveness of telesales teams but also look forward to returning to visit
accounts to generate new opportunities.

Finally, we look to execute more telemarketing campaigns and enhanced tools to increase order
conversion.

Service will continue to be essential element of our customer value proposition. Our almost 3,000 service
technicians are an important competitive advantage for us. This year, we will focus on further high base
penetration and utilizing many of the same sales force guidance, telesales and digital tools that we use for
product sales to further drive service sales.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Our team in China did an exceptional job in 2020 not only in continuing to serve customers and penetrate
growth opportunities, but also in terms of manufacturing and supply chain. The team's priority is to
continue to optimize the organization to focus on high-potential growth areas and attractive segments and
further leverage digital technology to engage customers and generate leads.

Introducing products for the local market, such as an entry-level x-ray instrument for our Product
Inspection portfolio, is also an important element to growth in China and throughout emerging markets.
We remain very optimistic about the growth potential, not only in China but throughout emerging markets
over the medium term.

Constantly coming to market with new product launches is another important strategy. Given the
diversification of our product portfolio, a new product launch will never be material by itself. But together,
these launches reinforce our market leadership, help trigger replacement in existing customers, help
open doors to new customers and help support our price differentiation. Later this month, we will launch
a new automatic laboratory balance that will set a new standard for weighing of powders and liquids in
research lab, testing labs and quality control labs. Addressing the needs in the laboratory for automation,
smaller sample sizes, flexibility, ease of use and seamless documentation, these new balances offers an
unmatched value proposition. It is a simple, fully integrated solution that will support our customers in
their everyday operations. It is just one example of the many product launches we will have this year that
illustrates how we are continually focused on bringing products to market that demonstrate clear value to
our customers.

Similar to the continued evolution of growth strategies, we also continue to develop our pricing and
productivity initiatives. We have good developments within pricing, utilizing analytics and some machine
learning to most effectively price our offering. On the supply chain side, the team was able to continue to
make progress on the Stern Drive productivity goals in 2020. But we will be able to make further progress
in 2021 when the team won't have as many challenges as they faced last year.

Finally, I think you will continue to see market strategic acquisitions that leverage our technology
leadership and global distribution. I acknowledge that we have not had an acquisition for a while but
continue to believe we can benefit from acquisition. However, these acquisitions will be small and
strategic, not transformational.

I believe our franchise is stronger than ever as demonstrated in how we performed in 2020 despite all the
challenges. As I look back over the last decade-plus years, we have made much progress in many areas.
Our continuous improvement programs of Spinnaker sales and marketing and Stern Drive productivity,
which I just discussed, are well engrained throughout our organization and will continue to evolve and be
important ingredients for the future.

Emerging markets, an important growth driver, are 35% of sales today compared with 25% in 2007.
Similarly, our faster-growing Laboratory business is now 54% of sales, up from 44%. Finally, service and
consumables is now 33% of sales as compared to 28%.

Redirecting resources and investments to faster-growing businesses has always been at the heart of our
initiatives, and these businesses will continue to fuel growth in the future. The strength of the organization
and how well we are positioned for the future contributed to my decision to step down as CEO. Under
Patrick's leadership, I believe we have the organization, corporate programs, senior leadership team and
tools in place to continue to gain share and continue our successful track record.
That concludes our prepared remarks. And now I want to open the line for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Olivier, I know you have one more quarter so we won't rattle you on the transition just yet. But maybe
thinking about the service and consumable numbers you highlighted, service sales up 13%, can you
maybe just talk about the durability, how much of that was pent-up versus maybe some of the newer
initiatives, especially on the service side?

Olivier A. Filliol
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So we would estimate that the COVID tailwind was about 1% to 2% for the group. And that was
really related to the consumer business mainly -- or almost exclusively around tips that we produce in
our Rainin and Biotix facilities. So that was actually really strong. But then the remainder of the service
and consumable business was healthy and quite sustainable. We -- I was actually pleased to see how we
continue to perform service well even under, again, more difficult lockdown situations, particularly also in
Europe, started end of Q4. And nevertheless, our service business could nicely hold up, and I would expect
the same for this year. So I would almost say for our service business, we have a healthy environment,
and it continues to expect similar growth as we had in the past.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then Product Inspection, I know you've been talking about pent-up demand with
the other CPG customers for a while. Obviously, we're not seeing it yet. Maybe talk a little bit about what
you're hearing in that channel.

Olivier A. Filliol
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So indeed, we still see good demand for quotes. We feel we have a very good market position. But we
see that customers are just not committing to upgrades and new packaging lines and so on, which is not
surprising. All these food companies really need to protect the protection -- protect their production from
any COVID exposures. And you can imagine, they have very rigid safety procedures, not wanting to let in
any external suppliers, and that really drives the demand.

And I wouldn't be surprised that this takes another 6 months. There are many production companies
here that really hold back on CapEx. And as a reminder, about more than 70% of our revenue in Product
Inspection is coming from food production. So yes, we count on the second half that we would really see a
strong pent-up demand. But I do expect that already, Q1, we will see better numbers but not necessarily
coming from pent-up.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And then lastly, on China, last quarter, you talked about some pull forward. You still had good
growth, 12% overall. Industrial up double digits. Maybe just talk a little bit about the sustainability and
then if you could quantify what is baked in the guidance for China growth this year.

Olivier A. Filliol
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

So let me take the first part. And regarding the specifics, then Shawn can add in. Yes, indeed, we're very
happy about how Q4 came together. The Chinese team did perform really, really well. There is also a good
market for us. We see that the Chinese local investment is going very well. We benefit from that. The
investments also go in the right market segments for us that we can benefit from, and I would certainly
expect that this momentum will still go on for a while. We have here -- for example, Q1, I still have good
expectations.

For the second part of the year, however, we are going to face tougher comparisons, and that's certainly
one of the reasons why we guide, when it comes to China, a good start but then a slowdown in the second
part of the year. Now Shawn, do you want to add some flavor to that last comment?

Shawn P. Vadala
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Sure. Thanks, Olivier, and hi, Tycho. Yes, so for the full year in China, Tycho, we're now looking at
high single-digit growth for the full year. That's an improvement from our previous guidance, where we
were saying in mid-single digit. And right now, we're feeling that, that high single digit would be both
in the Laboratory and the Industrial business. But as Olivier mentioned, the pacing is going to be pretty
unique just given the whole situation with the comparison in Q1 of last year and then when we look at the
second half of last year as well.

So just to be even a little bit more specific on that. In Q1, we're going to -- we expect China to be up mid-
to high 20s in terms of growth. But again, that was versus a minus 13% in Q1 of last year. And then, of
course, we're going to have to lap some of these tougher comparisons, which included 17% growth in Q3
of last year and now 12% in Q4 of this year.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.

Derik De Bruin
BofA Securities, Research Division

So I guess, the first question is, how did pricing come through in 2020? And just sort of curious as
you've got better pricing than normal given the huge demand for pipettes and just if you took some price
advantage there. And so just sort of like, what are you expecting in the '21 numbers for pricing?

Shawn P. Vadala
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So hi, Derik, I'll take it. It's Shawn. So we did -- so in the fourth quarter, we did just under 2.5% in
terms of price realization. So that was a little bit of an improvement from what we were seeing earlier
in the year. I think each quarter, we started to see things progressively get a little bit better. Part of that
improvement was that we were able to take a little bit more price on -- in the area of pipettes, as you just
mentioned. We also were able to do a couple of other things, where we're trying to offset some of these
higher transportation costs as well.

As we look to 2021, we were previously guiding a little bit more cautiously in the 150 basis point kind of a
range with the concern that inflationary forecasts a few months ago were quite low for 2021, but still feel
extremely good about the momentum in the program. Olivier also alluded to a few of those things in the
prepared remarks as well.

At this point in time, we're looking at probably a range of $150 million to $200 million. Wouldn't be
surprised if we were more towards the higher end of that range. As we kind of see some of the dynamics
in the market, we do see some opportunities to maybe gain a little bit more price than we saw maybe a
few months ago, and we'll see how that plays out. But that's certainly something on our mind right now.
Of course, the other side of that is that some of these opportunities on price are also looking at higher
material costs in certain areas that we're mindful of that we might be facing as well, too.

Derik De Bruin

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

BofA Securities, Research Division

Great. That's really helpful. And Olivier, you made an interesting comment in the opening remarks just
talking about accelerating market share gains in many categories. Can you sort of give us a little bit more
color on that?

Olivier A. Filliol
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Like always, we -- it's difficult to have hard data on that. Our competitors do not publish specific
comparable numbers. And so we need to base this on the observation of our field force. We certainly also
observe it kind of the growth momentum we see in the different industry segments and what we can
expect. And based on that, we feel actually really good. We have also clear anecdotes that we are winning
share, and I feel we are outpacing the market. We have this [ end GDP ] benchmark, and I certainly feel
that we are outpacing that. And so that gives us all this confidence.

Of the share gain. There are some other data points that we use internally. I mentioned that we leverage
data analytics to guide our sales force. Last year, we had a special effort to guide the sales force to
noncustomers. We did so because certainly, our sales force spend much less time behind the wheel.
They had much more time doing cold calling and engaging new customers through virtual demos and
virtual calls. And that was then the base for us to expand the targets to our sales force, and we were
very pleased to see the results in converting more than ever noncustomers. So that gives us kind of the
confidence that this allows us to win share.

So in a nutshell, we feel that we protected well our existing customer base, while we accelerated the
access and the conversion to noncustomers. Certainly a strategy that we're going to pursue. I, many times
said, the crisis last year was, for us, an opportunity to leapfrog some of the changes and that in terms of
go to market, leapfrog the adaptation of internal new tools and techniques, and one of them was certainly
all about the sales force guidance and reaching out to noncustomers. We're going to certainly maintain
that one.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Congrats on a nice sprint here. Olivier, maybe I'll start with a high-level question for you. The guidance
here, 5% to 7%, it's a pretty solid guide. What is it assuming for from a business environment
perspective? Like are you assuming the environment is back to normal? Or is there some cushion for
perhaps disruption from second wave?

And then your comments on M&A. Feels like the tone changed. I'm curious if we -- whether that's the right
way -- is that a change in tone?

Olivier A. Filliol
President, CEO & Director

Let me take the first. We assume a relatively stable environment in terms of second wave. In Europe,
we are in the middle of the second wave. We are definitely on a quite a strict lockdown in many of the
countries, started already before Christmas. It feels very different to the first lockdown. The business,
while we -- or many of us are in home offices, we have here an infrastructure and an understanding with
our customer base that business is going on. We definitely leverage all these. We have also less customer
visits, but effective relationships. And we do not see that the core customer base is putting investments
on hold. So that's why the second wave is very different to the first wave when it comes to the business
impact.

On personal levels, it feels kind of similar, but not on a business level. I -- if the environment stays about
what it is right now, that's probably our base for our guidance here. And I'm not particularly worried that

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

the knockdown situation will significantly impact our business. And that means if the lockdown gets more
severe or if everything would certainly ease up, it looks like we have built here a certain resilience in our
own business approach as well as the business or the industry segments that we are targeting. I want also
to remind, we did quite a shift last year in terms of the industry segments that we are targeting. And that
shift we're going to maintain.

Don't read too much around the M&A language. It's really in the sense that a reinforcement of the
strategy that we have been running in the past. We are very interested in adjacencies. We are interested
in companies that fit well in our current business focus. And my point was, even that we have here
a leadership transition, Patrick and I share a common understanding here that we don't need any
transformational acquisitions. We are not seeking any additional leg to the company. We feel we have
an excellent franchise. But we want to leverage the franchise when there are good opportunities out
there. Again, technology synergies or selected market consolidation opportunities. These are the typical
adjacencies that we did in the past and that we certainly are going to continue to pursue.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Understood. And Shawn, one quick one for you. On the margins, it looks like the margin guidance, it's
implied, it's gone up versus the prior guide. Is that a fair statement?

Shawn P. Vadala
Chief Financial Officer

I'm sorry, Vijay, can you repeat that question?

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

On the margin guidance, it seems versus your prior expectations, margin expansion perhaps is closer to
triple digits at the high end of the guidance. Is that correct?

Shawn P. Vadala
Chief Financial Officer

No, no, no. So for the full year -- well, I mean, for Q1, of course, we have triple-digit numbers. But for
the full year, just to be clear, we're expecting the operating margin to expand about 60 to 70 basis points,
if we exclude the impact of currency. So currency will be favorable to operating profit, but it will actually
have a negative impact on the margin. And that negative impact will probably be in the range of 20 basis
points.

But then just to kind of link it back to your comment about what we were saying before. We were
saying before that we would be a little bit below our typical guide of 70 to 100 in terms of our midterm
expectations. So we might be slightly lower, but we're a little bit more optimistic just given the higher
sales volume as well in terms of what we'd expect. And I think the other thing to always remind of --
remember is we did 130 basis points this year. So now when we're looking at the 2-year combined
growth, we're probably in the 190 to 200 basis point expansion, excluding currency, which we feel really
good about. And as we kind of made it -- mentioned in the comments before, we feel like there's really
excellent momentum on all the different margin expansion initiatives, whether it be pricing or Stern Drive,
et cetera.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Donnelly with Citi.

Patrick Bernard Donnelly
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Olivier, maybe just one on the core industrial side. Certainly proved a lot more resilient than we expected,
and it sounds like maybe you expected as well. Can you just pull back the curtain a little bit in terms

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

of what you saw in 4Q? And then also the expectations going forward, again, kind of held in there a lot
better, particularly in the developed markets than we would have expected. So would love a bit more color
on the performance and then the expectations as we go through '21 here.

Olivier A. Filliol
President, CEO & Director

Yes, our expectation was that our industrial business would be more exposed to the slowdown of the
economy and very pleased to see how Q4 came together across the globe pretty much and also across
the different product lines in industrial. And I expect this will continue on to be relatively healthy. But of
course, then in the second part of the year, then comparisons might then also play again. And certainly
also China, where, of course, we have a very significant industrial business.

I would attribute it to a little bit the same things that we see for the whole group that we early on did go
for the pockets of growth that still exist in this market, redirecting our resources and our attention to the
most attractive accounts, and that played well. There are industry segments that are very healthy at this
stage. The whole pharma production. There is transport and logistics that is healthy for us and many other
subsegments and in combination with the sales force guidance topic that I raised before, offered really
good opportunities in spite that the overall economy is challenging. So there are segments that are down
for us and other segments that were nicely up. And it is really up to us to focus on the right ones.

Patrick Bernard Donnelly
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Yes. Understood. And then maybe in response to the last question. It seems like you kind of acknowledged
there's potentially some upside to the revenue guidance maybe baking in more kind of status quo than
much of a recovery. I guess when you think about that 5% to 7% for '21, when you look at it, what do you
think are kind of the 1 or 2 segments that have the most upside in terms of a lever if you kind of end up
beating that number? Where do you think the most conservatism is in your projection kind of when you go
through the numbers there?

Olivier A. Filliol
President, CEO & Director

I wouldn't talk about conservatism. I think it's we recognize that there are industry segments with good
upside and others that will be more difficult. At this stage, we would extrapolate kind of the trends that we
have seen also in recent months, where we say biopharma is strong and/or certain chemical subsegments
are strong. And that should remain that way. Then I would expect that in the second part of the year,
we're going to see good growth in PI pent-up demand, as we mentioned before.

But then on the flip side, you have, of course, the comparison topic. So China will, for example, be
rather down in the same -- not down, no -- not the same growth rate in the second part of the year. So
that a bit. In terms of where we might experience positive, or hopefully not negative surprises, product
inspection in China are certainly the ones that are -- that have potentially both directions.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Dan Arias with Stifel.

Daniel Anthony Arias
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Shawn, just to follow-up on Tycho's question on products inspection and then some of the comments that
Olivier just made there. I think the comp in PI gets 8 points easier for you guys next quarter than it was
here in 4Q. So I certainly appreciate Olivier's point on maybe some of the pent-up demand drying up. But
I think you said up 5% this quarter. Is there a reason why you wouldn't get to high singles, maybe even
low doubles in 1Q in product inspection?

Shawn P. Vadala
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

So Dan, just to clarify. So for Q4, product inspection was down 5%. It wasn't up 5%. It was down 5%.
Yes, so that probably helps a little bit. And -- but you're right, it does have an easier comparison in Q1.
But as we kind of look at product inspection, this continues to be the one business in the portfolio that's
been the most negatively impacted by COVID and high case counts. And as Olivier was describing earlier,
these customers really are operationally distracted at the moment.

We do think that there's a really great opportunity for pent-up demand at some point. The timing, of
course, is just very difficult to predict at this point in time. But when we look at the guidance, mid-single-
digit is kind of what we're looking at for Q1 and mid-single-digit is kind of what we're looking at for the full
year.

Daniel Anthony Arias
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. Very good. Thanks for clarification there. Your point on new product launches. If I think back to the
last time you guys actually held a site visit down in Tampa, which seems like a long time ago, we were
focused on the PI business, obviously, just given where we were, but you guys talked a lot about what you
were doing in terms of product development for biopharma. Do you feel like 2020 was a year where you
saw some traction there just given the things that you were doing? Or should we think about 2021 kind
of being the year that 2020 could have been just given the pandemic-related headwinds and also the fact
that it sounds like some of the launches this year are pointed in that direction?

Olivier A. Filliol
President, CEO & Director

Yes, I don't want to overstate the impact of our product launches on the top line. We often talked -- we
-- our strategy is to continuously upgrade and launch new products, and they add up. But I would say,
from 1 year to another, there is not that much different. Of course, the products that we showed to you in
Tampa, these were particularly also products in the area of AutoChem. These products are going very well.
Very happy with the adoption rates. They will also continue to contribute very well this year. But they are,
in all other categories, being it Process Analytics, being it in Industrial, I talked before about lab balances;
and other moments, I talked in the analytical space about new products we had for UV/VIS, for example,
and so on. So this is the whole portfolio that makes the difference to keep the technology leadership, but
it's a continued thing. And again, last year or also 2021, I wouldn't highlight a particular product that will
make the big difference to the top line.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Steve Beuchaw with Wolfe Research.

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

I wondered if I could spend a little time just trying to understand more deeply, Olivier, how does -- you
think the operating environment evolves around COVID over the balance of the year, just so we have
as much context as we can for your planning assumptions? I -- sorry, I hate to try to put words in your
mouth, but my sense is that you think that in the back half of the year, there will still be some amount
of macroeconomic pressure maybe there's a lingering impact of the virus. And so the macro is a little
tougher. That's part one.

Part two is it also seems like you think that in some of the life sciences categories, maybe around pharma,
that you've had some good tailwinds and that, that -- those also maybe sort of taper off in the back half of
the year. I just want to make sure I'm understanding that correctly. Is that a fair characterization?

Olivier A. Filliol
President, CEO & Director

Hesitates here. Just -- you're right. We are cautious about the macro environment for -- also for the rest
of the year. I don't think the macro environment will just immediately improve when the lockdowns go
away. I think there are too many drivers for our macro environment. And so we have not particularly

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

forecasted here for an improved macro environment. We more or less assume things remain about what
they are today. So don't know -- I wouldn't say this is particular cautious. I think we just don't know if all
these industry segments that are today down will suddenly recover.

I would think that the momentum that we see in the industry segment, like in bioproduction. I don't think
it goes necessarily away in the second part of the year. I think that can be actually quite sustainable. Yes,
we had modest benefit from investments in vaccine production. But we're -- in terms of share of our total
revenue, it remains very small. So if that would slow down, that wouldn't necessarily have a big impact on
us. The investment in far more production and particularly also bioproduction, I think, has a long way to
go. So in essence, I feel like the current macro environment that we have could last for quite a few more
quarters, including the industry mix.

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. That was extremely helpful. I've got one more follow-up to ask. But before I ask it, I know it's too
soon to say goodbye to Olivier, but I am going to say hello to Patrick. It's good to hear your voice again
after a little while. Thank you for being on the call here.

Patrick Kaltenbach

Thanks, Steve.

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

The question I would leave with is sort of a follow-up to one that was asked earlier. There was a question
asked, which, frankly, I would have liked to have asked, too, about market share gains and the success
of what you've done in this operating environment, where some of your nimble approaches really pay off
in a unique way. I wonder if maybe we could just zoom in, though, maybe talk about it, particularly as it
relates to service, where your ability to get people in the field in an appropriate way, of course, in the right
place might be particularly helpful. Can you talk at all about the extent to which you might see service
attach rates or service relationships evolving during the pandemic environment? And then -- sorry, after
some very long-winded questions, I'll get back in queue.

Olivier A. Filliol
President, CEO & Director

Yes. On the service side here, I would say this is more an operational topic very early on. We were
extremely fast in making sure that we equip our service technician with all the safety gears. And we went
-- very early on made sure that our customers knew about that. And then we keep really operations going.
You will recall what we -- when we talked about Q2, how we did many good things to maintain production
going. We were one of the first ones that resumed production also in China. And similar things that we did
also for the service technicians. So we were really up and running.

And what we benefit -- continue to benefit from is we do this Net Promoter Score, and we had a very nice
jump in customer satisfaction in Q2 that we saw in our NPS. And it went on throughout the year. And I feel
this gets tribute to our -- really our service force, how well they are performing. Having 3,000 people in
the field here is powerful. Then you need also to know that for service, our biggest competition are local, I
would almost say, family-owned companies. And for these companies, it is much more difficult to operate
in the current COVID environment than for us, where we have a global organization, and we have a lot of
professional support of the field force. That's one. And the second one, our efforts to migrate to contract-
based service was very beneficial. That protects a lot of our business.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Brandon Couillard with Jefferies.

Brandon Couillard
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Shawn, one for you. On the working capital front, DSOs continue to trend lower. You talked about applying
some analytics and better productivity tools, which I think are new, I may be wrong, but are you finding
new ways to apply these in that area? And how much more room do you think is left there?

Shawn P. Vadala
Chief Financial Officer

Yes -- no. Thanks, Brandon. Thanks for the question. This -- these are new tools, and so I'm kind of
happy to be able to respond to it. So like many other things in the company, I think it's just a really
good example of agility. So back in March, we really kind of launched into a variety of crisis management
initiatives around COVID. And then one of those initiatives, of course, was manage for cash. That's what
we refer to it as internally. And so within that initiative, we challenged ourselves to come up with some
new analytics, but even more importantly, to try to make the connection between the analytics and the
actions to be more efficient. So we literally are broadcasting today individual KPI charge that are highly
actionable with like top 10 lists as well on a very daily basis to each finance organization, going to the
leader every single day. And we found that, that in itself has become very actionable, and it's allowed
them to work with their local management teams and really get people behind areas for improvement.
And so that's just one example.

We've done a lot of other things in the manage for cash initiative during the course of the year. In terms
of more legs, we'll see. I think we just hit another good milestone. But when I take a step back, I think
the best way to look at it is that our free cash flow conversion this year was over 100%. When we look at
next year, we'll probably be right around 100% again. And so I think this is a level that I don't think it's
going to get too much more than 100%, but I just think that flow through around 100% is a good range.
I'm comfortable looking at that for 2021. And I think as we go out, we'll kind of take it on a year-by-year
basis. But right now, we feel really good about the cash flow conversion.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jack Meehan with Nephron Research.

Jack Meehan
Nephron Research LLC

First one for Shawn. I was just wondering if you could walk us through the different factors that led to the
EPS guidance raise for 2021 at this point. I think I caught China pricing FX and tax rate. What did I miss?

Shawn P. Vadala
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So probably even bigger picture, Jack. So we have increased sales overall for the group. So that's not
just China, that's just the overall group. The next thing I would say is that we would have probably -- yes,
probably within that, yes, you have China being a little bit better, you have Europe being a little bit better,
you have core industrial being a little bit better, and you have lab being a little bit better.

And then we have the second thing would be our 2020 beat, you have a more favorable currency
environment. And then, of course, we have the reduced tax rate. And so when you add that all up, I think
that's how you bridge our guidance.

Jack Meehan
Nephron Research LLC

Great. And then just one on Food Retail. So saw a nice little rebound in the second half of the year. But I
was just wondering if maybe that was some deferred sales from earlier in the year and if your thoughts
have changed at all around the outlook for 2021 there.

Shawn P. Vadala
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

No. We still look at -- Food Retail is a low single-digit business for 2021. The business always can be a
little bit lumpy. We're very much tied to customer projects and buying cycles. So I wouldn't necessarily
read anything particular into the fourth quarter results. Although I would say that we are looking at a
more favorable outlook again in the first quarter and probably we'll start the year more high single-digit
there.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Dan Brennan with UBS.

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Hoping just to dig in a little bit on lab. I know you've talked about a lot of the initiatives there, but it was
a nice beat in the quarter. So I'm just wondering if you could just flesh out, like how would you prioritize
what the biggest reasons were for the upside. And for 2021, I think previously, you were thinking mid-
single, high single. Is that still the case? Or it sounds like it's kind of ticked up a little bit. Maybe you can
just kind of walk us through a little bit of lab drivers.

Shawn P. Vadala
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So maybe I'll start with the last part of the question, Dan. So yes, so we're thinking high single-digit
for lab for the full year for 2021 and then for Q1, we're looking at low teens. In terms of the results in
Q4, we really felt good about the whole portfolio. I mean, of course, the pipette business is, of course,
continuing to do well. We probably had a little bit better in terms of the COVID tailwinds in terms of what
we were expecting. But there was a -- but if I look at the other categories, like Process Analytics had a
great quarter, and we also did really well in our analytical instrument business as well as our laboratory
balance business. So we feel like, generally, there's just really good momentum there globally, good
market trends. Of course, there's also pockets of challenge in other industries, but in particular, biopharma
is doing very well.

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. And then just a second one, some product inspection. Just given the delayed spending cycle that's
been ongoing here, like how much pent-up demand is there? Like can the food manufacturers put this
stuff off? Is there going to be a big catch-up? So how do we think about product inspection? I know you
talked about a nice recovery in the second half, but then kind of what happened beyond that? Just any
color on that would be helpful.

Olivier A. Filliol
President, CEO & Director

That's probably quite difficult to quantify, but a little bit way to see you. We had now a few quarters of
declines. I would expect that we can catch up quite a bit of this. The big question will be how fast and is
it going to be at the same time in U.S., as in Europe or not. There might be also differences by industry
segments. For example, the meat industry in the U.S. has been very much impacted by COVID, certainly
in the area where there was very little investment or activities. So hopefully, that will come back not to far
away, but then to be seen.

So internally, I would say we count on the second part of the year. We were just talking also today with
people from the industry. They were kind of hinting to us that the decision-making might really start to
ramp up again in Q3 at customers, so that would support, yes, our hypothesis. It should go on then into
next year. I would certainly hope that 2022 has also some good PI quarters.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Stephen Barr Willoughby
Cleveland Research Company

All my questions -- most of my questions have been asked already. But I just want to touch on one as it
relates to pipette. I believe you have some new capacity coming online this year for pipette. So I'm just
wondering, given the demand you're seeing these days, where you stand today in terms of being able to
meet the demand that you're seeing. And any comments on if you're seeing sort of like backlogs or order
books get extended and what that new capacity means for your pipette business?

Olivier A. Filliol
President, CEO & Director

So at this stage, we cannot fully satisfy the demand. We have capacity issues. This is around tips, so not
on pipettes, but mainly on tips. The tips are used in COVID testing. We do expect that this is something
that we have a spike right now and will then flatten or go back. We do already extraordinary efforts to
increase the capacity. We have increased the capacity in Q4 and will continue to increase here in Q1.

In the summer, indeed, we have an additional facility in Mexico, a new facility in Mexico that will go online.
But it, of course, will also take a few weeks that we can fully leverage that. That will bring additional
capacity. But most important is that we can maximize capacity here in these days, in these weeks. It's
commercially attractive. But of course, it has also relevance. It's our contribution also to the health
situation in the society. And so the teams are very motivated here to do the utmost.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sykes with Goldman Sachs.

Matthew Carlisle Sykes
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I'll be quick. I just have one. Just, Olivier, you mentioned Stern Drive. That if you do the challenges that
you faced in 2020, you might not have gotten as much out of the program as you historically have. I'm
just wondering, are there particular cost savings projects that you have kind of lined up that we should
expect some momentum in terms of cost takeouts as we move through 2021?

Olivier A. Filliol
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Stern Drive is about really dozens, if not even hundreds, of projects. Actually, last year, I think we
were working on 300 projects. And just due to COVID, we had to put on hold or had some delays on a part
of these 300 projects. We will resume the full speed on them here in 2021. The results in 2020 were still
good, and I still also expect good contribution in 2021. But the programs have proven to be very powerful.
I'm extremely happy about Stern Drive, and I wouldn't be surprised if down the road Stern Drive could
have even a bigger impact. And I certainly also see Patrick to be passionate about the topic. He had his
first review meetings around Stern Drive and came back in a very positive manner about it. And he will
certainly engage on this, and that will give the team even more momentum. So you're going to continue
to see us talking about Stern Drive and having a benefit from it.

Operator

And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to the company
for any closing comments.

Olivier A. Filliol
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thank you. Hey, let me end this call with a simple thank you to you, analysts and shareholders
listening here on this call. Thank you for your support and commitment to Mettler-Toledo over the many
years. I have truly appreciated your engagement and [ vigor ] you brought to our various interactions
during this time. While my focus over the next 2 months is a successful handover to Patrick and still

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

delivering a very strong Q1, but I'm also very happy to remain involved with Mettler-Toledo in the future,
to my Board role as well as supporting Patrick on marketing and other organizational matters. I wish you
all a very successful 2021. And again, a big thank you, and all the best to you. Bye-bye, everybody.

Shawn P. Vadala
Chief Financial Officer

Bye-bye.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation, you
may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

