Microchip Technology Incorporated 

NasdaqGS:MCHP
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 07, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.35

Revenue  (mm)

1322.46

8.15

0.30

1.24

5.51

1252.87

5269.88

2.00

0.08

5.21

5040.78

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-07-2020 9:50 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

1.38

1.44

1.26

1.35

1.41

1.43

1.32

-

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2.17 %

(0.69 %)

4.76 %

8.15 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Ganesh Moorthy
President & COO

James Eric Bjornholt
Senior VP & CFO

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

ANALYSTS

Ambrish Srivastava
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Ariel Jonathan Shusterman
Needham & Company, LLC,
Research Division

Harlan Sur
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

John William Pitzer
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Christopher Caso
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Vivek Arya
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

William Stein
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

Christopher Adam Jackson
Rolland
Susquehanna Financial Group,
LLLP, Research Division

Christopher Brett Danely
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Craig Andrew Ellis
B. Riley FBR, Inc., Research
Division

Craig Matthew Hettenbach
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Gary Wade Mobley
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Microchip's Q4 and Fiscal Year '20
Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And please be advised that today's conference is
being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

Now I would like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Eric Bjornholt, Microchip Financial
Officer. Sir, please go ahead.

James Eric Bjornholt
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone.

During the course of this conference call, we will be making projections and or forward-looking statements
regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to caution you that
such statements are predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. We refer you to
our press releases of today as well as our recent filings with the SEC that identify important risk factors
that may impact Microchip's business and results of operations.

In attendance with me today are Steve Sanghi, Microchip's Chairman and CEO; and Ganesh Moorthy,
Microchip's President and COO. I will comment on our fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2020 financial
performance. And Steve and Ganesh will then give their comments on the results and discuss the current
business environment as well as our guidance. We will then be available to respond to specific investor and
analyst questions.

We are including information in our press release and on this conference call on various GAAP and non-
GAAP measures. We have posted a full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation on the Investor Relations page of
our website at www.microchip.com, which we believe you will find useful when comparing our GAAP and
non-GAAP results. We have also posted a summary of our outstanding debt and leverage metrics on our
website.

I will now go through some of the operating results, including net sales, gross margin and operating
expenses. Other than net sales, I will be referring to these results on a non-GAAP basis, which is based
on expenses prior to the effects of acquisition activities, share-based compensation and certain other
adjustments as described in our press release.

Net sales in the March quarter were $1.326 billion, which was up 3% sequentially and above our revised
guidance from March 2, 2020, when net sales were expected to be about flat sequentially. We have posted
a summary of our GAAP net sales as well as end market demand by product line and geography on our
website for your reference.

On a non-GAAP basis, gross margins were strong at 62%, operating expenses were at 25.4% and
operating income was 36.6% compared to 35.1% in the previous quarter. Non-GAAP net income was
$375.5 million, non-GAAP earnings per share was $1.46, which was up significantly from $1.32 produced
in the prior quarter.

On a GAAP basis, in the March quarter, gross margins were 61.4% and include the impact of $5.1 million
of share-based compensation and $3.3 million of COVID-19 shelter in place restrictions on manufacturing
activities. Total operating expenses were $653.2 million and include acquisition intangible amortization of
$248.5 million, special charges of $17.2 million, $15.3 million of acquisition-related and other costs and
share-based compensation of $35.6 million.

The GAAP net income was $99.9 million or $0.39 per diluted share. Our March quarter GAAP tax benefit
was impacted by a variety of factors, including tax reserve releases associated with the statute limitations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

expiring, deferred tax adjustments related to intercompany movement of intellectual property, tax reserve
releases associated with tax audits and other matters.

For fiscal year 2020, net sales were 5.7 -- excuse me, $5.274 billion. On a non-GAAP basis, gross margins
were a record 61.9%. Operating expenses were 25.7% of sales, and operating income was 36.2% of
sales. Non-GAAP net income was $1.44 billion and EPS was $5.62 per diluted share.

On a GAAP basis, gross margins were 61.5%, operating expenses were 49.2% of sales and operating
income was 12.3% of sales. Net income was $570.6 million, and EPS was $2.23 per diluted share. The
non-GAAP cash tax rate was 7% in the March quarter and 6.3% for fiscal year 2020. We expect our non-
GAAP cash tax rate for fiscal '21 to be between 6% and 7%, exclusive of the transition tax, any potential
tax associated with the restructuring, with the Microsemi operations and the Microchip's global structure
and any tax audit settlements related to taxes accrued in prior fiscal years.

We have many tax attributes and net operating losses and tax credits as well as U.S. interest deductions
that we believe will keep our cash tax payments low. The future cash tax payments associated with the
transition tax that are expected to be about $245 million and will be paid over the next 6 years. We posted
a schedule of these projected transition tax payments on the IR page of our website.

Our inventory balance at March 31, 2020, was $685.7 million. We had 122 days of inventory at the end of
the March quarter, down 7 days from the prior quarter's level. Inventory of our distributors in the March
quarter were at 29 days compared to 28 days at the end of December. We believe distribution inventory
levels for Microchip are still quite low compared to historical averages.

In the March quarter, we exchanged cash and shares of our common stock to retire $615 million of
principal plus accrued interest of our 2025 convertible senior subordinated notes. The cash used to pay
the principal in this exchange was funded by a 364-day bridge loan. This exchange will significantly reduce
share count dilution to the extent Microchip's stock price appreciates in the future.

During the quarter, we also amended our credit facility. As disclosed in our March 21, 2020 press release,
the total leverage and senior leverage covenants were favorably modified as part of the amendment,
giving Microchip greater financial flexibility. The cash flow from operating activities was $371.7 million in
the March quarter. As of March 31, the consolidated cash and total investment position was $403 million.
We paid down $236 million of total debt in the March quarter. Over the last 7 full quarters since we closed
the Microsemi acquisition and incurred over $8 billion in debt to do so, we have paid down $2.222 billion
of debt and continue to allocate substantially all of our excess cash beyond dividends to aggressively bring
down the debt. We have accomplished this despite the adverse macro and market conditions during most
of this period, which we feel is a testimony to the cash generation capabilities of our businesses as well as
our ongoing operating discipline.

We continue to expect our debt levels to reduce significantly over the next several years. Our adjusted
EBITDA in the March quarter was $548.1 million, and our trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA was $2.129
billion. Our net debt to adjusted EBITDA, excluding our very long-dated convertible debt that matures
in 2037 and is more equity-like in nature, was 4.46 at March 31, 2020, and our dividend payment in the
March quarter was $88 million. Capital expenditures were $11.9 million in the March quarter, and $67.6
million for fiscal year 2020. We expect between $12 million and $18 million in capital spending in the June
quarter, and overall capital expenditures for fiscal '21 to be between $50 million and $70 million.

We continue to add capital to maintain and operate our internal manufacturing operations, support the
production capabilities for our new products and technologies as well as to selectively bring in-house some
of the assembly and test operations that are currently outsourced. We expect these capital investments
will bring some gross margin improvement to our business, particularly for the outsourced Atmel and
Microsemi manufacturing activities that we are bringing into our own factories. Depreciation expense in
the March quarter was $41.8 million.

I will now turn it over to Ganesh to give his comments on the performance of the business in the March
quarter. Ganesh?

Ganesh Moorthy

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

President & COO

Thank you, Eric, and good afternoon, everyone. Let's start by taking a closer look at microcontrollers.

On a GAAP basis, our microcontroller revenue was sequentially up 5.9% as compared to the December
quarter. From an end market demand standpoint, our microcontroller business was sequentially up 2.9%.
From an end market standpoint, 32-bit microcontrollers in the March quarter represented an all-time
record of just over $340 million, or 47% of our microcontroller demand. We continue to introduce a steady
stream of innovative new microcontrollers, including a new cryptography enabled 32-bit microcontroller,
designed to stop malware for systems that boot from external flash memory. As well as a new high-end
8-bit microcontroller product family for improved designs in real-time control and connected applications.
Microcontrollers overall represented 55.2% of our end market demand in the March quarter.

Last month, Gartner released their microcontroller market share report for 2019. We are pleased to report
that Microchip retained the #1 position for 8-bit microcontrollers. Once again, we gained market share as
we grew faster than the overall APAC microcontroller market. In fact, we are now almost twice as big as
the #2 player.

In the 16-bit microcontroller market, we remained in the #5 position and continue to gain market share
as we grew faster than the overall 16-bit microcontroller market. In the 32-bit microcontroller market,
we remained in the #6 position for the Gartner report and gained significant market share again as we
grew faster than the overall 32-bit microcontroller market. These results are despite Gartner, rolling up
our 32-bit microcontroller revenue to be about $400 million lower than the $1.2 billion results we actually
achieved in 2019. Had Gartner used our actual calendar year 2019, 32-bit microcontroller results, we
would have achieved the #4 ranking. And as I shared with you earlier, our 32-bit microcontroller business
in the March quarter, ran at an approximately $1.36 billion annualized run rate based on end market
demand.

For microcontrollers overall, we remained in the #3 position despite Gartner rolling up our revenue to
be about $400 million lower than our publicly reported results for calendar year 2019. Using our publicly
reported results, we would be approximately 7.5% away from the #2 player and 16.5% away from the #1
player ahead of us as we continue to relentlessly March towards #1 spot.

Our microcontroller portfolio and road map had never been stronger. We believe we have the new product
momentum and customer engagement to continue to gain even more share in 2020 as we further build
the best-performing microcontroller franchise in the industry.

Now moving to analog. On a GAAP basis, our analog revenue was sequentially up 1.1% as compared to
the December quarter. From an end market standpoint, our analog business was sequentially down 1.8%.
During the quarter, we continued to introduce a steady stream of innovative analog products, including
the industry's first space-qualified, radiation-tolerant ethernet transceiver as well as an expanded silicon
carbide family of power electronics to provide system-level improvements in efficiency, size and reliability
at 700 volt, 1,200 volt and 1,700 volt power modules. Catalog represented 27.6% of our end market in
the March quarter.

Our FPGA revenue on a GAAP basis was up 4.6% sequentially as compared to the December quarter. From
an end market demand standpoint, our FPGA business was sequentially up 1%. FPGA represented 7% of
our end market demand in the March quarter. Our licensing, memory and other product lines, which we
refer to as LMO, was sequentially down 10.7% as compared to the December quarter from an end market
demand perspective.

During the quarter, we introduced a new miniaturized rubidium at an atomic clock. The industry's highest
performance atomic clock for size and power. LMO represented 10.1% of our end market demand in the
March quarter.

An update regarding coronavirus and its impact on our operations. Regrettably, we have had 9 employees
who tested positive for the virus. With over 18,000 employees worldwide, this was inevitable. But
thankfully, they're all recovering nicely or have already recovered. Most of our nonfactory employee base
is working from home as we rapidly transformed business processes to run remotely. Our global teams

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

have been highly engaged, collaborative and productive under the circumstances resulting in enhanced
customer engagement for new designs and high effectiveness in our product development programs. We
would like to thank our worldwide team for rapidly adapting the changing conditions and making the best
of what was possible under difficult circumstances to continue delivering results.

Our manufacturing operations had varying degrees of constraints last quarter as what started with China
shutting down for several weeks expanded to many other locations that shut down [indiscernible]. Our
operations team literally adjusted the constraints as they emerged and implemented our contingency
plans where needed to ensure that we continue to serve customer needs despite the challenges. In most
of our manufacturing locations, we were able to get essential services designation as our products are
quite ubiquitous in medical, work from home, defense and communication infrastructure applications.

Our Philippines operations had the largest impact with restriction on people movement being so strict that
we have had a large number of our dedicated employees living in our 2 factories there since mid-March to
support production and improve customer shipments. Our global teams also successfully worked through a
myriad of ground and air logistics issues throughout the quarter as conditions change regionally over time.

Our customers and our supply chain partners also endured constraints with their factories and logistics,
have made the March quarter challenger. We are appreciative of our global team who engaged and
work through a rolling step of customer and supplier challenges, even as we work the challenges and
constraints that was placed on our own factories.

Pandemics are inherently unpredictable, and there may be yet other twists and turns to come in the days
ahead. We continue to process the news daily as well as monitor information from the Center for Disease
Control and the World Health Organization, and we will adapt our response as needed and focus on the
things that we can control.

Given the current market uncertainties, we are providing some qualitative insight into our principal end
markets. The areas of strength we see are: data center, driven by continued strength from the exponential
rate at which data is being created; and the consequent seemingly insatiable demand for data storage.
For computers, printers, monitors and other accessories, enabled by the increased shift to working from
home. For medical devices, COVID-19-related items like ventilators, respirators, oxygen monitors and
ultrasound machines, but also a host of other hospital equipment needed for increased patient loads.
For contact-free consumer and industrial products like hands-free dispensers or soap, water, paper, hand
sanitizers, for infrared thermometers as well as barcode readers for retail shopping, all in an attempt to
prevent the spread of COVID-19.

And then for communication infrastructure, in part because of work from home related network loading
changes, but also in part due to stimulus investments in infrastructure, especially in China. The area of the
weakness we see from an end market perspective are automotive, broad-based industrial, consumer and
home appliances and aviation or aerospace. Our defense and space business remains relatively even key.

Let me now pass it to Steve for some comments about our business and our guidance going forward.
Steve?

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

Thank you, Ganesh, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I would like to first reflect on the results of the
fiscal fourth quarter of 2020 and the whole fiscal year 2020, I will then provide guidance for the fiscal first
quarter of 2021.

The March quarter had unusual business challenges as the effects of COVID-19 pandemic unfolded in
many dimensions. I am proud of how rapidly the Microchip team adapted to the new constraints we faced
so that our employees would be safe, our customers will be well served and our partners engaged to
ensure mutual success despite the challenges we face. Despite the COVID-19 pandemic challenges, we
delivered 3% sequential net sales growth as compared to our early March updated guidance, which was
for net sales to be about flat. Our final March quarter GAAP net sales came in at $1.326 billion, up 3%
sequentially and down just 0.3% from a year ago March quarter. Our end market demand based on sell-

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

through was approximately $3.8 million lower than GAAP sales. After 7 quarters of end market demand
being higher than sell-in based net sales, March quarter was nearly even for end market demand versus
sell-in net sales.

We also delivered outstanding non-GAAP gross margin of 62%, just above the high end of our original
guidance from February 4, 2020, and non-GAAP operating margin of 36.6%, near the high end of our
original guidance. And we did all that while reducing our days of inventory from 129 days to 122 days.
Our consolidated non-GAAP EPS was $1.46. We did not provide EPS guidance when we revised our net
sales guidance on March 2, 2020. Our original non-GAAP EPS guidance provided with our earnings release
on February 4, 2020 was $1.35 to $1.51 with a midpoint of $1.43, and we beat that original guidance by
$0.03.

On non-GAAP basis, this was also our 118th consecutive profitable quarter. In the March quarter, we paid
down $236 million of our debt, our total debt payment since the end of June 2018 has been about $2.22
billion. The pace of debt payments has been strong despite the weak and uncertain business conditions
underlying the strong cash generation characteristics of our business as well as our active efforts to
continue to squeeze working capital efficiencies. On a full fiscal year 2020 basis, our net sales were $5.274
billion, down 1.4% over fiscal year 2019.

Now I will discuss our guidance for the June quarter. Ganesh, in his prepared remarks, discussed the
impact we are seeing on our supply chain as well as our customers. Ganesh also described the end
markets where we are seeing strength and those where we are seeing either current or expected
weakness. Our March quarter bookings were up double-digit percentage over the December quarter
bookings. The book-to-bill ratio for March quarter was very strong at 1.17. That resulted in our starting
backlog for June quarter to be strong compared to the starting backlog for the March quarter.

In our April 8, 2020, press release, we said that we believe that the strength in bookings may be a result
of customer concerns about supply chain disruptions due to COVID-19 virus. With economies around the
world contracting rapidly, with millions of people getting laid off and with customer factory closures due
to shelter in place ordinances in various countries, we believe that product demand is likely to weaken
significantly. With another month under our belt now, we have seen some of the customer order push-outs
and cancellations.

Our backlog for the June quarter compared to the backlog from March today at the same point in time,
has now deteriorated somewhat in the last month. We believe the backlog position compared to March
quarter will continue to deteriorate due to the combined effects of supply chain disruptions, customer
factory closures and demand destruction.

Taking all these factors into consideration, we expect our net sales for June quarter to be down 2%
to 10% sequentially. The guidance ranges to help account for the uncertainty associated with the
evolving coronavirus situation, we have no way to model how the rest of the quarter will play out for the
coronavirus situation and what the consequent business impact may be. But we believe that our guidance
range incorporates our best judgment for the possible scenarios.

We have prepared the company for a downside scenario by putting the employees on a 10% salary cut
and adjusting the factories by reduced work hours or rotating time offs. We have also frozen all business
travel and cut discretionary expenses.

Regarding CapEx, we finished fiscal year 2020 with a CapEx of $67.6 million, a significant reduction from
fiscal year '19 CapEx of $229 million. This is consistent with what we have said before that our CapEx is
divided between growth capital, maintenance capital and new products and technology capital. In a fiscal
year like 2020, in which our net sales declined, the growth capital, which is the largest portion of CapEx,
declines to virtually nothing. And therefore, the total CapEx declined significantly. We expect CapEx for
fiscal year '21 to remain low in the range of $50 million to $70 million.

For June quarter, we expect our non-GAAP gross margin to be between 60.4% and 61.2% of sales. We
expect non-GAAP operating expenses to be between 24.4% and 25.2% of sales. We expect non-GAAP
operating profit to be between 35.2% and 36.8% of sales, and we expect our non-GAAP earnings per

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

share to be between $1.25 per share to $1.45 per share. We believe that despite the near-term pandemic-
driven challenges, we are confident in the strength and diversity of the businesses and end markets we
are in to achieve long-term growth in excess of the average semiconductor market growth.

Given all the complications of accounting for our acquisitions, including amortization of intangibles,
restructuring charges and inventory write-up on acquisitions, Microchip will continue to provide guidance
and track its results on a non-GAAP basis except for net sales, which will be on a GAAP basis. We believe
that non-GAAP results provide more meaningful comparison to prior quarters, and we request that the
analysts continue to report their non-GAAP estimates to first call.
With that, operator, will you please poll for questions?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

Operator, you have no questions?

Operator

Yes, there are no further questions at this time. You may continue.

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

That's unusual.

James Eric Bjornholt
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I don't think that's possible. What's -- let's stay open here for a while. Our Investor Relations
manager is just indicating that we're having quite a few problems here. So let's hold and see if we can get
to solve because I know there's questions to be asked.

So I've been told we have 12 questions in queue. We just need to figure out how to get them available so
those questions can be asked.

Operator

Your first question is from the line of Chris Caso from Raymond James.

Christopher Caso
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Yes. So I guess to the first question, Steve, if you could give us some thoughts about perhaps the
magnitude of the downturn that I guess we're all expecting. I realize that's a difficult question with what's
going on with the backlog here. But I guess compare -- some of your competitors have compared what
we're seeing now to the 2009 cycle. I'm not sure that's the right way to look at it right now. But I guess
Microchip is also a different company as compared to 2009. And what you're guiding to is not quite as bad.
As we put all that together, how are you thinking about things going forward?

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

So I think we're really unable to speak about anybody else's business, but our own. You mentioned some
of the companies. I believe all companies have a different end market and customer exposure. We have
been building this franchise for many years now through organic efforts as well as acquisitions and have
compiled a very large number of very, very good assets. And then deployed a program called TSS, total
system solutions that we have discussed with you in which we are garnering larger and larger share of the
customer's board with our products. So the outperformance that you may be seeing from us in business
today is really nothing to do with what we have done today or last year. It's been a result of really many
years of effort in new products organically as well as through acquisitions and our customer support
activities, our distributor relationships and everything else over the past several years. I don't know if that
helps you.

Christopher Caso
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Okay. I guess, perhaps you could take us through what you've seen in the order rates and you put through
some of that in your prepared remarks about what you've been seeing since March. I guess what's
interesting now is that the customers came in. The channel at least came into this crisis with very low
inventory levels. And that's, I guess, unusual in a downturn in our industry. How does that affect things
going forward? And what sort of visibility do you have on what customers may be doing with the inventory
levels here?

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

So this is a very unique cycle. We have -- this is the first time ever we are experiencing a demand shock
and a supply shock. We have seen demand shocks before, like 2008, 2009 cycle you mentioned. You
also saw a major demand shock during 2001 tech bust. And I think we saw a little mini demand shock
really even during SARS in 2004 or 3-year whenever it was. And we have seen some supply shocks in the
industry. The 2 that I remember, one was during tsunami in Japan, in Southeast Asia, where number of
factories were closed down or shut down and there was a major demand shock. And the other demand
shock, I recall, was during the major floods in Thailand a few years ago where many of our peers' factories
were underwater. Microchip factory was okay, though. So we have seen really either a supply shock or
a demand shock. This is the first time ever in my 40 years of experience that I'm seeing a simultaneous
demand shock and supply shock. The supply shock is driven by just various shelter in place so ordinances,
and Ganesh talked about it extensively. Philippines being the worst and Malaysia being the second where
we couldn't get our workers into the factory. And in some cases, the workers are living in the factory
because they believe they will not be able to come back. And the number of our product lines that went in
those factories produced limited output because the whole workforce wasn't working so that resulted into
a supply shortage and supply shock and some of the lead times going out, and that kind of drove some of
the demand further from customers and distributors.

And on the demand side of it, our customers' factories shut down, the worst being in the automotive
business where, I think, you guys keep track of star data. And if you look at the star data, you'll find
that Europe has been the worst and U.S. is sucking a lot of factories were shut down in Asia also, but
those factories are coming back in automotive. So the automotive business is going through just a gut-
wrenching better demand shock and industrial some what and while on the other hand, like you look at
a market like data centers where demand shock is in the upward direction with all the data and work
from home, ordinances, that demand has gone up. And the other area, which is really quite sleepy for
us in general. I don't think it's a very large percentage of our business is medical. We meld that into
industrial. The medical is really -- we count that in industrial but 1.5 months ago, I wouldn't know what
a ventilator was. And now we found that all the ventilator designs around the world, everyone is using
our products, and the demand has gone up 100x if not more. The hospital will have 2 to 3 ventilators
only for emergency purposes. And now a single hospital is requiring 1,000 to 2,000 ventilators. So that
demand has gone up 50x to 100x. Same thing on digital thermometers, to automatic soap dispensers and
bathroom products, where you put your hand under, the soap falls down. They all use microcontrollers
or sensors or many of our products. So that's kind of really the end market feel. So in certain markets,
demand is very strong. Other market demand is very weak. In some cases, the impact is because of
supply chain disruption. In other cases, the impact is because of stronger demand. So I think how do you
make sense with all that? We started June quarter with a fairly strong backlog. And our backlog for June
quarter is still higher than our backlog was for the March quarter at the same point in time, but it has
deteriorated significantly compared to where it was on April 1. And at the rate we are seeing customer
adjustments, push-outs and cancellations, where the customer may have ordered more product, really
shows us that this deterioration in backlog in June compared to March will continue. We know how much
we lost in 1 month, we got 2 more months to go. And putting all that into the equation, really, our crystal
ball tells us the midpoint of minus 6 and a range of minus 2 to minus 10. Sorry for the long answer, but I
think it -- kind of the answer the question deserved.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Ambrish Srivastava
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Steve, lots of details there. Can you focus on the gross margin? And just help us understand the
dynamics, it's more than hanging in despite you actually drawing down, lowering inventory on your
balance sheet and distri inventory didn't really go up by that much. So just kind of help us understand
the factors. Distri should be a structural change and Chris asked a question about the difference between
Microchip from 10 years ago, and all of us have been following you for a while. But just talk through the
structural changes. And then you mentioned that with some manufacturing -- the CapEx, which enable
you to bring more Microsemi and Atmel indoor, and that will have some positive and this is obviously a
longer-term kind of question that I'm asking.

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

So let me ask Eric Bjornholt to answer that question, and I'll add something needed at the end. Go ahead,
Eric.

James Eric Bjornholt
Senior VP & CFO

Okay. So I mean, gross margins held up extremely well in the March quarter, and we posted 62% non-
GAAP gross margins, which were really outstanding. As you know, we've been running our factories at less
than optimal levels, and we recorded an underutilization charge in the quarter of about $14 million. That
was actually $3 million better than the prior quarter as we were running our assembly and test factories
harder than we have in the previous quarters when we were draining finished goods. So the strong gross
margins are really driven by a variety of factors, including a favorable product mix and then just ongoing
cost reduction and cost containment activities in our factories. So the current quarter, we're guiding the
gross margins to be down at 60.8% at the midpoint. We expect higher underutilization charges in June
compared to March due to some of the rotating time off that we're going to be doing in the factories
and just lower production output. But we believe we're really well positioned for the long-term for gross
margin improvement in the future as we grow back into our factory capacity. So we're -- there's a number
of things that influence that other than the factory capacity. We've been also doing a good job of really
holding average selling prices flat with our customers, and that has long-term gross margin benefits also.
So that's the general summary there. Steve, what would you like to add?

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

No, I think that's good. We started this down cycle -- let me add a couple of sentences. I think we started
this down cycle with probably the lowest inventory we had, 122 days at the end of March. I recall prior
down cycles when we started with fairly high inventory. And so I think with such a low inventory and we're
keeping it low by factory, rotating time offs and others. So I think when we get on the other side of it and
start ramping our factories back up, and we're starting with the gross margin in the 60s, I think we'll be
very, very well positioned longer-term for a very good record gross margin.

James Eric Bjornholt
Senior VP & CFO

The second piece of Ambrish question related to CapEx. And we will still focus longer-term on bringing
some more assembly and test in-house. But we really locked down capital pretty significantly. You see
what our forecast is for fiscal '21 of between $50 million and $70 million. So where there's benefits to
be gained, we'll evaluate those, but we're being pretty conservative in our posture in terms of making
adjustments right now.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Gary Mobley from Wells Fargo Securities.

Gary Wade Mobley

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

In the interest of time, I'll post both of my questions now. Steve, I'd be interested to get your opinion on
the recent export -- recent change in export control rules? And the impact this may have on the owner's
process of applying for licenses to shift China customers? Or any sort of limitations on that? And then I'm
asking this question really on behalf of many different people, but I'm interested to get your perspective
on how safe your dividend is.

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

Sure. So I'll pass on to Ganesh to answer the question about export control, and then I'll come back and
answer the question on the dividend.

Ganesh Moorthy
President & COO

The recent announcement that was made, we're still sorting through what the commerce department's
rules are. The specific item that we are paying attention to is possible military use of products and how we
can provide confirmation that it is not going into those applications. We think it's fairly straightforward to
be able to do it. We have time until the 29th of June to be able to implement it. But at this point in time,
we do not expect that it has an issue in terms of Microchip's business.

Go ahead, Steve.

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

So regarding the dividend, your question was how safe is the dividend. Dividend is very, very safe. We
were 1 company that did not cut our dividend back in 2009 when -- from peak to bottom, our revenue
went down almost 36%. Today, we are so much more profitable on gross and operating margin level. We
have done a stress test on our business. You can't find a number low enough, you could lose a very, very
large amount of sales and still -- company still is cash flow positive. Plus we got $1.2 billion of money
remaining on line of credit. So I think really, we are unable to model a scenario, a reasonable scenario
where the dividend would be at risk. And if we felt that $30 million was at risk, we certainly would not be
increasing the dividend, which we are a little bit every quarter.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley.

Craig Matthew Hettenbach
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Question for Steve, just on kind of the downturn playbook. And so the employee cost cuts pay reductions
in CapEx. You've done this in prior cycles. As you mentioned, this is a very different cycle. So just trying
to gauge how you're thinking about the depth of this cycle and some of the things you're doing to protect
margins as it plays out?

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

So I think we learn a little bit through every cycle. And one of our goal is to never let a cycle go to waste.
What happened in 2008, 2009 was the cycle really hit in early part of October of 2008. And the business
was down very substantially in that December quarter and down a lot more even in the March quarter,
and we didn't implement pay cuts and all that until we were well into the cycle where the storm is already
there, and we were being better just [indiscernible]. So this time, what we have done is, understanding
that with 33 million people, I think, already lost jobs in the U.S. alone, and I don't know how many around
the world. These people are not going to be buying new cars and refrigerators and other stuff that really
would have our product. So this time, we're bearing down the hatches and bolted up the windows ahead

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

of time before the storm really hit. So we finished the March quarter actually sequentially up 3%, and we
implemented the pay cut starting April 20. And at that time, our business really hasn't even weakened.
Where our June quarter was still backlog higher than the March quarter backlog at the same point in
time. So what we have really done is really out of abundance of caution, just thinking that this storm
-- internally at Microchip, we have described that to be a Category 6 storm waiting in the wing, where
Category 5 is the highest category. Because we have never seen this before, simultaneous demand and
supply shock, the pandemic and no place to hide and 33 million people laid off in 5 weeks in the U.S.
alone. So we have prepared the company with a cost structure in the June guidance we have given you
has the paycheque now -- pay cuts for June quarter dialed in, but not for the whole quarter because you
started in the middle of the quarter. And September expansion will be down even slightly further from
that. So we essentially have positioned it for any extreme case that may materialize. It's a lot easy to give
the money back, undo the cuts on the salary, change them from X percent to Y percent, lower them. It's
much easier to do that. Then truly have spent all the money and then really fight the storm and you're
out of supplier out of ammunition. So that's really how we're looking at it. We're looking at it as we don't
know. I don't think anybody knows. Anybody says he knows their lying, they don't. So what we have done
is really out of abundance of caution, prepared the company for a worst-case analysis and we'll give the
money back if we didn't need it.

Craig Matthew Hettenbach
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Helpful color. Just as a follow-up on the push-outs and cancellations. Is it pretty broad based? Or are there
any certain products that are -- you're seeing it more than others?

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

It's not by product. It is more by end market. The worst is automotive. The second would be industrial and
general consumer like appliances and all that. And I think Ganesh described all those areas. Where the
strength is, the strongest area is data center. I would think the next is really 5G-related work from home
related PCs, printers, computers and all that. Medical is extremely strong. So those are the areas we're
not seeing push-outs and cancellations. We're seeing those in the automotive and some general industrial.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Crédit Suisse.

John William Pitzer
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Steve, you said in your prepared comments that clearly, the June backlog is deteriorating, but at least
through the month of April, it would still suggest the potential for sequential growth in the June quarter.
So I'm just kind of curious when you think about the range of revenue you've given for June, what's the
expectation as we go into May and June? Does the rate of deterioration of the backlog needs to accelerate
from here to kind of hit your midpoint? Or just kind of give us any sort of color you feel comfortable with,
with helping us understand kind of what you're embedding in further deterioration of the backlog from
here?

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

Well, there isn't a way to model it. So there are 2 challenges, maybe 3. One is that the existing backlog
further cancels or pushes out in the following quarter. Second is we still need turns to take. If there is 0
cancellation from here on, but we get no more turns for the quarter, that's not a good scenario either.
Then -- so that would be fairly soft, too. And the third is the supply, depending on what products the
demand comes on, there are products where if you place an order today, the easiest -- earliest I can
give you is July, August. And those are from the most constrained areas, the factories that have had a 6
weeks -- for 6 weeks, they haven't been able to run full production. And now as they're coming back to
production, we are so far behind in delinquency. We'll leave the June quarter with a fairly large amount of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

product delinquent. Same thing happened at the end of March quarter. So in a way, someday, when we
catch up, all that product gets shipped, it's a good news. But for now, we're not going to be able to ship
all the backlog in the June quarter. Neither will be able to ship that all in March quarter. In fact, if just the
supply side shock had not happened, and our factories were running, for March quarter, we would have
met or exceeded our original guidance, which was about 5%, 5.5%. We only did 3%, and that was largely
because we couldn't supply the product.

John William Pitzer
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

That's helpful, Steve. And then you also mentioned that some of the OpEx controls that you put in place
this quarter, they're not in for the full quarter, so it will have a positive effect on OpEx declining again in
September. I'm curious, are there more levers you can pull on OpEx? And should we take OpEx being
down sequentially in September as a sign that you feel like revenue might be down again in September as
well?

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

So the only reason that the September OpEx will be down below June would be because the pickup will
be for the entire quarter. And the pickups didn't kick in until June 20 in U.S. and probably May 1 for some
of the international geographies, depending on the various international laws. But the September quarter,
we get the full quarter. If your question is, what if you didn't need it and the business as well, then you
remodel it and you change the take-up from 10% to 6% or 5%? Or if you see growth, you make it 0. I
mean, anything is possible. But I'm saying right now, in a staying prepared for a Category 6 storm, we are
structured to take the June quarter expenses below the March quarter because of the full quarter savings.
And then December compared to September will be about the same if you don't make any changes and
the pay cuts end at the end of December. That's currently the case. We have announced to the employees
at the pay cuts ends at the end of December. So the March quarter OpEx will rise again. And hopefully, we
are well out of the woods from the cycle. If we're not, then we will do something different.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Chris Danely from Citigroup.

Christopher Brett Danely
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Steve, can you just expand on I guess, what percentage of your revenue is dealing with these supply
issues? And are the supply issues sort of worsening as we speak? Or do you think you got to handle on
them and they should get better as the quarter progresses?

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

Let me have Ganesh comment on it. I don't think we have quantitative numbers, but Ganesh can talk
qualitatively.

Ganesh Moorthy
President & COO

Yes. So it's not our entire product line, right? So we build a lot of product in many countries, Thailand,
Philippines, Malaysia, depending on if it's our factory or subcontracted factories. Our principal issues
from a constraint standpoint were in the Philippines and in Malaysia. Malaysia, at this point, effectively
has turned on 100%. They don't have -- it's running at 100%, but there are no restrictions. And they
are as fast as they can bring their direct label workforce, how they will catch up as we go through the
quarter. Philippines is still operating under restrictions. We have been able to improve from March to the
June quarter by having more people residing in our factory. So this is -- we've got 500, 600 employees
living full-time inside the factory to be able to get the utilization to be higher. We expect that, that will get
turned -- those restrictions will come off as we go into the latter part of May, maybe in the middle of May,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

it's part of our control. And as that happens, we will have more output that come out of it. So I believe
the constrained -- manufacturing constraints are coming off and coming off rapidly. But there's catch up to
what was left from when the constraints were there plus ongoing support that has to come through.

Christopher Brett Danely
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Got it. And for my follow-up. So Steve, you kind of called this weakness after a little bit of strength last
quarter. What does your spider sense tell you on how long this weakness could last? I mean, do you think
that some of these end markets that are very strong right now, like data center? Do they start getting
weaker in the second half of the year? Any guess as to how long this weakness could last? Could it last
into the next quarter?

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

I don't currently expect data center to weaken. I think 90% of the world data has been created in the
last 2 years. And any company that's related to data center, I just got off the Board of Mellanox, you've
got only the deal closed bought by NVIDIA on April 27, and they announced the prior quarter, the March
quarter, just a couple of days before the deal closed. It was a very, very strong quarter. You're seeing it
in the results of NVIDIA also. So I just think data center market is very, very strong. And I think how we
are designing our print position on the customer's board. So that one looks very, very good. I think as
the automotive factories go back to work, and people start buying cars again, that market is the most
destroyed today. That market will show huge potential for getting back to normal and industrial would be
the same way.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America Securities.

Vivek Arya
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I had 2 as well. Steve, when I look at your peak to trough sales declines, so from September last year to
hopefully, the trough in June. Or if I just take the midpoint of what you're guiding to in June or even take
the low end of that, it's a reduction of 7% to 11%. That's actually much better than what we have seen
at some of your analog and microcontroller peers that are down almost 25% in that same period. So the
question to you is, what is helping you stay more resilient? And I appreciate the visibility is not there, but
if, let's say, those competitors start to come back in September, is there anything that prevents Microchip
sales to also rebound in September?

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

Yes. So I think I little bit answered that question earlier that we think what we're seeing is years worth
of effort in building a stronger print position in customers' boards with total system solutions and also
acquiring product lines with synergy with our products, and what we have gotten from Atmel and Micrel
and Microsemi with all the discrete product lines with various stuff that can go into a similar board as
a microcontroller and much stronger distributor relationships. I think some others have been tweaking
their distribution policies, maybe to the detriment, maybe not, no time would tell, but I think we are
seeing a stronger effect of our stronger distributor relationships. And the effect of end markets like we
discussed. So I don't really know why anybody else is doing better or worse than us. I'm sure there are
other companies doing better than us. And a lot of our more closer competitors are doing worse than us.
So we're happy to be gaining share, but I don't know we can totally allocate percentages, how much is
because of what reason?

Vivek Arya
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Okay. And for my follow-up, gross margin. So you're guiding down, I think about 120 basis points or so
down to 61%. I understand there are supply chain disruptions, et cetera. But the last time your gross
margins were under or around the 61-ish percent or below levels, your revenues were 20% lower, right?
They were closer to $1 billion or so over 2 years ago. And at that time, you did not even have Microsemi,
which has been accretive. To margins since then. So I'm curious why this conservatism in gross margins?
Is it utilization? Is there anything else right? And then how should gross margins behave, assuming that
sales start to rebound in September?

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

Eric, you want to take that?

James Eric Bjornholt
Senior VP & CFO

Sure, I'll take it. So the midpoint of our guidance this quarter is 60.8%. And our long-term model is 63%.
So quite honestly, I think the margins have held up extraordinarily well. If you look at the fall we had in
gross margins back in 2008, 2009, margins went down significantly. Now we've got a little more balance
between what we do internally versus what we do externally from a production standpoint. But the bottom
line is, with revenue being down, as you mentioned, you said 7% to 11% from peak to trough. We have
to run our factories at a lower level. And I think we've done a very good job of controlling inventory levels
ending this last quarter at 122 days. That's a very good position to be in with what's in front of us. So I
think it just comes down to utilization of our factory footprint that we have. And as we grow back into it,
we can be very cost effective.

Vivek Arya
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

It's just a trough though.

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

I think his question is, revenue is so much higher than -- last time, our revenue was -- last time, our
margin was this kind of number. So why is margin not higher? I think, Vivek, I think that's your question.
No going back over 2 years ago, it was a different company. I mean we didn't have Microsemi, all of their
factories around the world, the totally different cost structure. Some of those factories have low demand,
some of those are okay. I mean, it's not a -- it's not the same company. Combined with Microsemi now,
Microsemi was about between 40% to 50% of our revenue, and the company has totally changed.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of William Stein from SunTrust.

William Stein
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Steve, I apologize if you've answered this already. It seems clear you're expecting some further order
cancels or push-outs or downsizes. So I think we understand that. But when we think about the pace of
cancellations, have you commented on that yet? Is that starting to slow down where maybe the daily
reduction in backlog is getting to a point where those changes are smaller and smaller.

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

I don't know if I can definitely say that. I think it's end market by end market and it's geography-by-
geography. But overall, it may have slowed down somewhat, but in some other geographies and in some
other markets, it's continuing. So I don't think -- If the cancellations were over and the pushouts were

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

over, our revenue would be higher than March quarter. That's not what we're guiding, and that's not what
we're thinking.

William Stein
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Okay. That helps. Next one, if I can. Perhaps for Eric, but whoever wants to take it, most semi companies
in the past few months or past couple of months have taken to try to term out debt and sort of protect
themselves on the balance sheet. Microchip's moves here have been a little bit more, I don't know, it looks
like opportunistic or aggressive you might characterize by pulling down the revolver to pay off part of
the convert. I'm wondering if you can walk us through what the thinking was that gave the company the
courage to do that in this environment?

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

Let me take that. So we began the effort to want to buy some of our convert back when the stock to hit
about $60, like low $60s and that was down from about a peak of $110. The amount of dilution we get
from these converts, when the stock goes from, let's say, $65 to $110 is so large, because it has a hyper
feature where the stock at least at 1.5x the rate for every $1 increase in stock price, and it was just very,
very dilutive. So when the stock price, because of the recession, went down from $110 into low $60s.
We decided not to waste that recession and retire a portion of our convert. But to do so, we needed the
money. And you said we took the money out of the line of credit. We did not. We didn't take any money
out of the line of credit. We first wanted to raise the money in the public market through a debt but with
extreme volatility, the debt markets closed for a period of time. And so we went to the direction of getting
a 364-day bridge. So we've got $615 million of bridge at very, very low interest rates. Same interest rates
as the line of credit. And with that, we bought $615 million worth of face value convertible. And by the
time we executed those convertibles, stock had already rebounded to about $70, $71 where we averaged,
where we bought them and where the stock is now at $85.50, you could just imagine how much dilution
we have saved that we would have incurred. So we think there was a very, very opportunistic, good move
and we didn't stress the credit line to do that. We got a separate bridge. So it was a brand-new money, a
separate bridge that we have to pay out some day within a year.

William Stein
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Got it. I didn't -- maybe I didn't appreciate the distinction.

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

I just would say, I wish I was able to raise more money than I would have bought even more. But it was
a very, very difficult time. There were companies, there was a run on the banks, people who are drawing
their credit lines completely and banks were under a lot of stress. And in that environment, I was able to
raise $615 million of new money. It sounded like miracle at that time.

Operator

The next question comes from the line -- from Susguehanna.

Christopher Adam Jackson Rolland
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

I guess, first, maybe talk about cycle times and lead times some of our data suggests that your lead
times are up a little bit. I think you did talk about the Philippines, Malaysia. Maybe just talk about lead
times from that perspective. I know they're low historically but talk about where you are there with any
increases? And then, I guess, balance that with inventory, it looks like you're not increasing any inventory
so I guess you guys aren't super worried. But maybe talk about that lead times and then the balance with
inventory as well.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

Ganesh, let me have you take the lead time question?

Ganesh Moorthy
President & COO

So lead times for most of our products remain relatively stable. Lead times in the factories that have
been constrained by shelves when placed have gone out and they've gone out by, I would say, on
average, about a couple of weeks. And so whatever you are hearing or seeing is on certain product lines,
particularly the ones that go through in Philippines or Malaysia, where we've seen it. But for the most part,
lead times outside of that are remaining stable. And we expect that lead times will catch back to normal
by probably closer to the end of the quarter as we catch up once factories reopen, and we're able to both
ship normal but also do any catch-up shipments.

Christopher Adam Jackson Rolland
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

Great. Steve, you're the big picture guy. And you touched on this a bit already, but looking forward,
what do you think that the biggest risks are to your business here? And if you have to start pulling some
contingencies to lessen the blow, what are you thinking you can -- what's in your control from here that
you plan on doing?

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

Well, the biggest risk to the business is that COVID-19 is not contained. As we are talking about from
state to state and even nationally and internationally from Washington other places, as people go back
to work here in the coming months, question is, do we see a second wave of COVID-19 cases starting
to go back up as people begin to go back to work. I think as people go back to work, there will be all
the precautions of NASH and cleaning and others. And hopefully, we will not have a second wave. But if
there's a second wave requiring to go back to shelter in place, then that would be the largest risk, I would
think because it will prolong the time frame during which the factories will be shut down, the demand
would be low. People won't be buying cars and other stuff. That I see is the biggest risk. Now in terms
of what levers do we have? I think we've already implemented those levels while our business in March
quarter was not even in a lot of stress, we sequentially grew, but we implemented these measures to
essentially finite categories at 10. And those are the levels we already have implemented, and we'll just
continue with those and look for even cutting more discretionary expenses and if the capital could go
down further and any other discretionary expenses could go down further. I mean Ganesh, I and others,
willing to take a larger pickup in the -- but usually, it's a volume of people taking the pick up, that helps.
And I don't think we can ask the worldwide employees to take a larger pickup, but you all also have
policies to play with and capital and other things. But like I mentioned, I think in answer to an earlier
question, we try to model a scenario to try to see what -- how much of revenue has to go down before we
become cash flow negative or dividend comes to a questionable, it's way too low. And we're not going to
get there. I think it's just -- our business is too strong today. The formation of the business is so good that
we're not going to be in cash. And the dividend is not at risk. And I think we're in a pretty good place.

Christopher Adam Jackson Rolland
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

And congrats on buying that Kimber bonds. Nice price.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur from JPMorgan.

Harlan Sur
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Just more of a sort of geographical question. Back in March, when we saw the team downshift at that
time, the downshift was driven by sort of a shortfall in China, right? As the country was starting to open
back up but at a slower pace. But you also did point out at that time that orders in business activity, at
that time in China were starting to pick back up. And since then, we've seen more opening up of activity
in China. We've seen auto production picking up this quarter. Factories are starting to open up, consumers
starting to spend. So have you since follow-through of that China improvement trend as maybe versus the
world demand is weakening into the June quarter? Or are you also seeing degradation and deterioration in
China orders and bookings as well?

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

So I think depending on whether you look at monthly or you look at it by quarter. When you look at it by
quarter, China was very weak for the March quarter because Chinese New Year, first of all, was extended
to 2 to 3 weeks from 1 week and then all these factories were closed. So the China business was very
good, if you really look at it for the quarter. But if you look at it on a monthly basis, as the COVID-19
situation got contained and people went back to work, China business almost seems like it's back to
normal. However, the concern is it may look like back to normal because it's really kind of making up
for some of the shortfall in all that it has. And once that demand is met, is that steady state demand in
China back to normal or not? I think that answer needs to be answered in the month of May and June. But
April, China was very strong. In late part of March, China was very strong as if it would be normal or even
better.

Harlan Sur
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. Okay. I appreciate the insights there, Stephen. And then just on the back end operations, you talked
about Malaysia, you talked about Philippines, but you guys actually have a pretty large test facility in
Thailand. They're on lockdown till the end of this month. So how has the team been able to manage quite
nicely through the movement control in Thailand? And is Thailand running at full run rate?

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

Yes. So Thailand did not really have any strong ordinances. Let me have Ganesh comment on that.
Ganesh?

Ganesh Moorthy
President & COO

Yes. So the Thailand lockdowns are really a curfew at night from about 10:00 p.m. until 8:00 a.m.. It
doesn't affect our shifts, our ability to operate our plants and so -- and there's been no logistical other
issues that we run into. So thankfully, Thailand through this entire episode has been running full steam, no
issues.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Ari Shusterman.

Ariel Jonathan Shusterman
Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division

This is Ari Shusterman on behalf of Raji Gill. So I first want to talk about automotive. So were Pin auto,
which products have shown the greatest strength? And can you talk about traction you have been seeing
in silicon carbide?

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

Let me have Ganesh answer that.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Ganesh Moorthy
President & COO

So I think when you have such a large demand reduction in automotive, there is no segment I can call out
and say this is strong. And so automotive across the board. When we look at our many different product
lines that go into automotive, they're all down in this site. Now to your question on the silicon carbide,
it's early days, right? And silicon carbide is predominantly a new technology that is aimed at electric cars
from a high-volume standpoint. Electric cars, as a percentage of the total automobiles produced are sold
are it's 1% to 2%. And so it's still a small percentage. We're making good inroads with our products to be
new designs and new activities are taking place, but it's really not a factor in any revenue. That is taking
place for automotive today, but we're making very good progress because the silicon carbide solution for
microchip are extremely robust. And in an automotive environment, which is very harsh from a voltage
and temperature standpoint, robustness is 1 of the most important factors they take into account for using
silicon carbide products.

Ariel Jonathan Shusterman
Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division

And as a quick follow-up, with regards to your FPGA business, what trends you've been seeing in it? And
how would you say your FPGAs compared to [indiscernible] Altera?

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

Go ahead, Ganesh.

Ganesh Moorthy
President & COO

So our FPGA business continues to be reasonably strong. It had a nice growth, as we showed you in the
March quarter results that we announced. Our FPGA also has a reasonably good exposure into defense and
space applications. Those end markets are not as badly affected as some of the other end markets that we
have. And to be quite honest, we don't really see Lattice and some of the other names that frequently and
what we run-up into the market. We play predominantly into the midrange and to the mid- to lower end
of the FPGA market. We have some unique positioning relative to security, low power, robustness, and in
those areas, we do extremely well.

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

Any other question, operator?

Operator

Yes. The next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis from B. Riley.

Craig Andrew Ellis
B. Riley FBR, Inc., Research Division

Yes. Steve, I wanted to go back to a couple of comments that you made about how unique this
environment is. And the fact that we've got multiple dynamics at play when in the past, we haven't had
to contend with those. And the question for you is given how dynamic things are, what's Microchip doing?
What are you doing to kind of assess where we are as demand compresses overall and then potentially
reaccelerates? And is it orders and backlog grew, have you expanded the things that you look at to see
when we'll get to the turn? And do you have a view on when we would get that turn, whether it be June or
September or some other time?

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Well, our management team, Ganesh and I and the other members of the management team really keep a
very, very strong finger on the pulse of the business. We watch a very large number of indicators, internal
and external, on a weekly basis and more often than that, if needed, on specific indicators. So to that
large stack of indicators and graphs that we constantly monitor, we have added a few to really further
assess that situation frequently. And some of the things we are looking at it much more frequently are
things like dollars of pushouts and cancellation. Number of coronavirus cases and various geographies
where our factories are and customers are, whether they are peaking, they're stable, they're growing,
they're coming down. We're also just watching a number of other indicators, employment related, first
time unemployment claims and all. So there is really a large amount of data that we are absorbing. And
this proven will include the data we get from our own customers through our salespeople regularly with
bookings and design wins and our customers -- kind of customers' comments on whether the business is
growing or certain falling where would it go and what's happening. So there's so much more intelligence
that goes into really before we come to you, and we're even more focused on getting all that intelligence
today.

Craig Andrew Ellis
B. Riley FBR, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And is that giving you any sense for when we could be at a bottom?

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

No. I think that is too early to really have that kind of confidence with the bottom. The numbers are so
broad. I mean, just have a guidance of minus 2% to minus 10% is just so broad that we cannot yet say
what September will bring. It will largely depend on whether as the people go back to work, does the
coronavirus just kind of died down or there's a second wave of coronavirus coming back, and we're dealing
with it with a factory shutdown even in August and September, if that happens on the bottom isn't here
yet?

Craig Andrew Ellis
B. Riley FBR, Inc., Research Division

Certainly. If I could ask a follow-up just relating to some of the things that are happening inside of the
business, given how dynamic things are: one, does it cause the team to think any differently about
the level of inventory that should be stocked to properly fulfill customers? And two, given Ganesh's
characterization of what's strong and what's weak? Does it cause the team to think any differently about
where it's emphasizing incremental R&D on products and that kind of thing?

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

So our long-term target for inventory level is 115 to 120, and we finished the March quarter at 122. I
don't know if you get any more precise in that. So inventory is really right exactly where we want the
inventory to be. And I want to regard a little bit high earlier during the U.S.-China trade related softness
and then we have been bringing it down. So March quarter inventory was nearly perfect. And because of
this coronavirus situation now, we didn't want an inventory to substantially grow. So therefore, we have
put our factories on reduced workload, rotating time off or reduced over work or whatever you may want
to call it, so that as the revenue in the June quarter is declining, we don't want the inventories to grow
very substantially. So I think our inventory is in the right range, and we're comfortable with it. In terms of
R&D, Ganesh, you want to comment on that?

Ganesh Moorthy
President & COO

Yes. So I think no one should take short-term positives and negatives as the way in which we're investing
from an R&D perspective, right? That's what we're seeing in this cycle at this point in time. R&D is really a
longer-term view of where are the market's going, where are the opportunities. And we are guided there
by the 6 megatrends that we have shared with you. We believe over the next 5 to 10 years, growth is

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

going to be available at a faster level or a higher level in 5G, data centers, ADAS, autonomous driving,
IoT, electric vehicles and artificial intelligence and machine learning. And so with many product lines
that Microchip are working on how can they create complete solutions, total system solutions for the
megatrends and what may be strong today and maybe not so strong in 6 months or 12 months isn't how
we do our R&D spending.

Operator

I'm showing no further questions at this time. Presenters, you may go.

Stephen Sanghi
CEO & Chairman

Thank you, operator, and thanks all the investors and analysts who are on this call. The travel is really
totally banned. So we will be attending some of the conferences this quarter. There will all be virtual
conferences. We'll do it out of our home. So we'll talk to you -- some of you more at those conferences. So
thank you very much.

Ganesh Moorthy
President & COO

Bye-bye.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 07, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

