Moderna, Inc. NasdaqGS:MRNA
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 06, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.47

2.84

14.98

5.53

23.00

16.94

Revenue  (mm)

2060.58

1937.00

(6.00 %)

4385.72

17714.34

13885.29

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-06-2021 3:36 AM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

(0.36)

(0.37)

(0.36)

2.47

(0.31)

(0.59)

(0.69)

2.84

NM

NM

NM

14.98 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

14

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MODERNA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Corinne M. Le Goff
Chief Commercial Officer

David W. Meline
CFO & Principal Accounting Officer

Lavina Talukdar
Senior VP & Head of Investor
Relations

Mani Foroohar
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Salveen Jaswal Richter
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Simon P. Baker
Redburn (Europe) Limited,
Research Division

Stephane Bancel
CEO & Director

Stephen Hoge
President

ANALYSTS

Cory William Kasimov
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Edward Andrew Tenthoff
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Securities, Research Division

Hartaj Singh
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Huidong Wang
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Joseph Robert Stringer
Needham & Company, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MODERNA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning. My name is Dee Tamara, and I will be your operator today. Welcome to Moderna's First
Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]

Please be advised that the call is being recorded.

At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Lavina Talukdar, Head, Investor Relations at Moderna. Please
proceed.

Lavina Talukdar
Senior VP & Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, Dee Tamara. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss
Moderna's First Quarter 2021 Financial Results and Business Updates. You can access the press release
issued this morning as well as the slides that we'll be reviewing by going to the Investors section of our
website.

On today's call are Stephane Bancel, our Chief Executive Officer; David Meline, our Chief Financial Officer;
Stephen Hoge, our President; Tal Zaks, our Chief Medical Officer; Corinne Le Goff, our Chief Commercial
Officer; and Juan Andres, our Chief Technical and Operations Officer.

Before we begin, please note that this conference call will include forward-looking statements made
pursuant to the safe harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Please see
Slide 2 of the accompanying presentation and our SEC filings for important risk factors that could cause
our actual performance and results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these forward-
looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise the information provided on this call
as a result of new information or future results or developments.

On Slide 3, please see the important indication and safety information for our COVID-19 vaccine. which
has been authorized for emergency use in the United States and many other countries around the world.

I will now turn the call over to Stephane.

Stephane Bancel
CEO & Director

Thank you, Lavina. Good morning or good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join our
Q1 2021 conference call.

We'll start by a quick business review of the quarter before Corinne walks you through commercial update.
David will then walk you through the key financials. Stephen will provide a clinical update, especially new
human data about 2 of our COVID-19 booster candidates, mRNA-1273, the currently authorized vaccine;
and mRNA-1273.351, the variant specific booster to B.1.351 first identified in South Africa. I will then
come back to close.

The Moderna COVID-19 vaccine is now available and protecting people in 37 countries around the world.
And with the WHO authorization last Friday night, the number of countries where our vaccine will be
available, will go up significantly.

In the first quarter alone, 102 million doses have been shipped and many tens of millions of people have
been fully vaccinated or received their first dose. 12 months ago, in Q1 2020, Moderna had never ran
a Phase III clinical study, never gotten a product authorized by a regulator and never made 100 million
doses in a single quarter, not even 10 million, not even 1 million doses.

I am very proud of what the Moderna team has achieved, but most importantly, I am very thankful for
their impact on the world and the incredible personal sacrifices that our team has made towards protect

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MODERNA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

fellow human beings around the world. This is very humbling, and I'm fortunate to lead Moderna in this
moment.

I'm also thankful for Moderna scientists, engineers, doctors and team members who have worked
relentlessly over the last 10 years now to be ready for when the virus emerged in late 2019. We invented
technology to produce safe, well-tolerated mRNA vaccines, which made it possible for us to chase the
SARS.

The company achieved revenues of $1.9 billion in Q1 2021 of which $1.7 billion were COVID-19 vaccine
product sales. The net income for the period was $1.2 billion. This marks the company's first GAAP
profitable quarter in its history after 9 years of operating losses.

At the end of 2021, we had cash and cash investments of $8.2 billion. David will give you more details in a
few minutes.

We increased our 2021 supply forecast once again. We now believe that we should be able to supply 800
million doses in 2021, and we're still aiming for 1 billion doses over the year. The total advanced purchase
agreements signed for delivery in 2021 have been increased to $19.2 billion.

We are happy to report this morning an interim update to our TeenCOVE study. The initial interim analysis
of our Phase II/III TeenCOVE study of mRNA-1273 showed the vaccine efficacy against COVID-19 over
96% and mRNA-1273 was generally well tolerated with no serious safety concern identified to date.

We're also on track to start this month the filing of our rolling BLA to the FDA for COVID-19 vaccine
mRNA-1273, a type of COVID, we added another first as a company. And that gives the dosing of our first
patient with an mRNA for our therapeutics candidate against a rare genetic disease, propionic acidemia a
genetic deficiency in the liver with a candidate mRNA-3927.

One of the things that I'm the most excited about is where we are going. The Q1 results highlighted above
of the consequence of the last year work and decisions we made. So as I look to where Moderna is going,
I get very excited by the level of our increased investments across the board. Using our strong balance
sheet to invest to scale Moderna. These 2 numbers, awesome color. In Q1 2021, our R&D investments
were approximately 4x higher than the R&D investments in Q1 of last year. Not 4%, not 40%, 4x higher.

For all of you who have known us for many years, Moderna has been built as a digital enterprise since the
early days. But we now have the opportunity to do much more and to build new functions like clinical trial
operations, pharmacovigilance, commercial, digitally from the get-go. So looking at the next 5 to 10 years,
we're investing intensively in digital, automation and AI. Our plan for 2021 is to invest 3x more in digital
than in fiscal year 2020.

We announced last week that we have decided to invest to increase our 2020 supply to up to 3 billion
doses. Let me share with you why we decided to recommend to our Board to invest at that scale. First,
let's talk about the science of SARS-CoV-2 virus. New variants of concern continue to emerge around the
world. And we believe that over the next 6 months as the southern hemisphere enter its foreign winter, we
could see more variants of concern emerge. We have said for right now that we believe booster shots will
be needed as we believe that the virus is not going away. We also believe from the scientific standpoint,
that the highest efficacy booster over time will be provided by multivalent variant-specific booster.

Second, the market has changed quite a lot versus what we knew 6 months ago. First, mRNA vaccines
have emerged as the best-in-class vaccines, high efficacy, good tolerability profile, having to scale
manufacturing and speed to chase the variants in the clinic. Many companies are still in the clinic with
their first-generation vaccine, where we're in a clinic with variant-specific boosters.

More importantly, as we are looking to throw our nets around the world, in the West and in the East, in
the North and in the South, we are hearing loud and clear from the market, supply us with more mRNA
vaccine for primary series and supply us with more mRNA vaccine in the future for boosters for 2022
and 2023. There is a big shift versus what the market perceived 6 or 9 or 12 months ago, when protein
vaccine or adeno vaccines were thought to be the answer to the pandemic. We believe it has become an
mRNA market for COVID-19 vaccine.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MODERNA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Third is rollout pipeline. We believe we will bring to market several more products in the next few years
as we add to this market demand for COVID-19 boosters vials, flu vaccine as we discussed at the Vaccine
Day. And our goal is to have a seasonal flu vaccine combined with COVID variant booster in a single-dose
product.

We saw strong clinical data for RSV vaccine and CMV vaccine. Plus we have 7 programs in clinical studies
in 3 therapeutics area and more programs to move from preclinical development to clinical studies in the
months to come.

So we decided to build capacity to deliver up to 3 billion dose of supply in 2022 to share both the North
and the South. We are doubling our drug substance supply in Europe and increasing by 50% of drug
substance supply in the U.S. We are, of course, adding filling capacity in the U.S. and Europe at our
existing partners, but also adding new ones as we speak, more to come.

Another clinical feedback we're hearing from the market is that Moderna has a best-in-class mRNA
vaccine. Shipment of minus 20 Celsius in storage, not minus 70 celsius. Small cartons of 100 doses.
Storage up to 6 months in standard freezer and 4 weeks in regular repurchase temperatures. The only
authorized mRNA vaccine that does not require on-site dilution. We believe this is an even more important
feature today, but will be more in the future in '21 and '22 and '23 as we move to a booster market
decentralized in pharmacies and in a doctor's office.

We believe we have the best mRNA vaccine authorized, and we continue to improve our product to
continue to have a best-in-class product of the mRNA market.

We were delighted to announce this morning the start of a dosing of our first patient in our Phase I/II
study with propionic acidemia disease. The study is called Paramount. It is yet another milestone for
Moderna. Not only do we have, I believe, the most innovative infectious vaccine clinical pipeline, but we
also have therapeutic candidates in clinical studies in oncology, in cardiology and now in a rare genetic
disease.

Let me close my remarks on this familiar slide. We now have 1,500 employees. We have recently
incorporated Moderna Japan K.K. And we'll continue to build our commercial network. We will push to Asia
Pacific in 2021.

And given our strong balance sheet of $8.2 billion, we're going to continue to accelerate and invest to
allow Moderna to scale and maximize the impact of our broad mRNA platform to help as many people as
we can.

Let me share our perspective on yesterday afternoon announcement by the United States Trade
Ambassador that the U.S. government will ship off waving intellectual property protection for COVID-19
vaccines. We believe this will not help supply more mRNA vaccines to the world any faster in 2021 or in
2022, which is the most critical time of the pandemic. There is no idle mRNA manufacturing capacity in
the world. There is no industry of talented individuals who are skilled in the art of making high-quality
and high-purity GMP-grade mRNA vaccines. There are no companies who have developed manufacturing
processes, purification processes and medical processes that would allow them to quickly run a clinical
trial. And if approved by regulators around the world, then provide hundreds of millions or billions of
supply of mRNA vaccine.

We have announced in the company's statement issued October 8, 2020 that during the pandemic,
Moderna will not enforce COVID-19-related patents. You can find that statement on our website. We
believe that the best way to end the pandemic is what we are currently doing. First, to maximize supply in
2021 to protect as many people as we can.

Second, to build additional capacity, which we have announced last week to get up to $3 billion of
authorized mRNA vaccines for 2022, 2023 and beyond. And third, to continue to adapt the vaccine to have
a highest efficacy vaccine with variant-specific booster for which we announced a very encouraging clinical
results yesterday.

Let me now turn to Corinne to give you a commercial update. Corinne?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MODERNA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Corinne M. Le Goff
Chief Commercial Officer

Thank you, Stephane and good morning or good afternoon, everyone. As all of you already know,
Moderna's COVID-19 vaccine is our first authorized product. And on the back of it, we have turned into
a commercial company very quickly. So today, I'm delighted to give you an update on the commercial
progress in the first quarter.

I will start with our most recently signed supply agreements, those that occurred in the first quarter and
at the beginning of the second quarter this year. I am particularly happy to announce our agreement with
COVAX, which will provide access to our vaccine to millions of people in low- and middle-income countries
and is in keeping with our global access principles.

In total, our COVAX agreement is for 500 million doses for delivery in the 2021 and 2022 period.
Specifically, in 2021, Moderna will begin delivery of 34 million doses in the fourth quarter of 2021. COVAX
will have an option for an additional 466 million doses in 2022. We are grateful to all the collaborative
efforts of CEPI, Gavi, UNICEF, the World Health Organization and the Moderna commercial teams in
making this important supply agreement a reality.

Moving now to the additional supply agreements signed for both 2021 and '22. We have signed additional
supply agreements with Israel for 5.3 million doses in 2022 with an additional option of 17.3 million doses
for '22 and '23. And with Switzerland for 7 million doses in 2022 and options for an additional 7 million in
late 2022 and '23.

We have also signed new deals for '21 delivery with Botswana, Brunei. And in addition, we have also
signed an agreement with Zuellig Pharma, our distribution partner,in Southeast Asia, Hong Kong, Macau
and Taiwan.

In total, we announced advanced purchase agreements totaling 845 million doses to be delivered in 2021
to the countries that are listed here on the slide. And we continue to have discussions with countries, who
those we have already contracted with and new countries for supply in 2022 and beyond.

In our discussions, as Stephane said, we are hearing consistently from governments that in their view,
there is no other technology that provides the high efficacy of mRNA vaccines and the speed necessary to
adapt to variants, while at the same time, allowing reliable scalability of manufacturing. We are grateful
for the trust placed in us from the various governments we have signed agreements with, and we look
forward to supplying the vaccine to other countries and helping end the pandemic and getting ahead of
variance.

Let me now turn to product sales. Our first -- our product sales for the first quarter of this year were
$1.73 billion and were recorded for the delivery of 102 million doses. Product sales in the U.S. were
approximately $1.4 billion and sales outside of the U.S. to the EU, Canada, Switzerland, Israel and
Singapore were approximately $400 million for the 14 million doses delivered in the first quarter.

In the U.S., we have successfully completed the delivery of the first 100 million doses to the U.S.
government within 100 days of emergency use authorization. And we expect to complete the delivery of
the second 100 million doses to the United States government before the end of the second quarter.

As you know, the U.S. production started earlier and is roughly 1 quarter ahead in production ramp. As
such, in the second quarter of '21, we expect the ex-U.S. ramp to be similar to that of the U.S. ramp in
the first quarter.

To close, I want to reiterate that as we continue to produce and roll out vaccines into the global market,
we are humbled and proud to be part of the solution.

I will now turn the call over to David Meline.

David W. Meline
CFO & Principal Accounting Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MODERNA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Okay. Thank you, Corinne. Today, as with our last earnings call, we are presenting our results primarily
on a U.S. GAAP basis. In some cases, we also provide additional detail to provide greater clarity on
underlying trends. With this background, we are providing an analysis of actual 2021 first quarter results,
along with an updated view of key drivers of financial performance going forward.

Turning to Slide 18. Total revenue was $1.9 billion in the first quarter of 2021 compared to $8 million in Q1
of last year. Following our first-ever product sales of $200 million in December 2020, we recorded product
sales of $1.7 billion for our COVID-19 vaccine in the first quarter of 2021.

Grant and collaboration revenue increased to $204 million in Q1, primarily due to increases in grant
revenue from BARDA to accelerate development of our COVID-19 vaccine.

Cost of sales were $193 million in the first quarter, benefiting substantially from previously expensed pre-
commercial inventory costs, which I will discuss in more detail on a later slide.

Research and development expenses were $401 million for Q1 2021 compared to $115 million for the
same period in 2020. The higher spend was driven by increased COVID-19 vaccine clinical development
activities, including our announced efforts around booster, variant-specific and multivalent vaccine
candidates. Headcount increases as well as pharmacovigilance activities related to our COVID-19 vaccine
also contributed to the year-on-year expense increase.

Selling, general and administrative expenses were $77 million for Q1 2021 compared to $24 million for
the same period in the prior year. The growth in spending was driven by increases in personnel, outside
services and costs associated with commercialization of our COVID-19 vaccine globally.

Our provision for income taxes was $39 million in Q1 2021, reflecting a benefit from the utilization of our
net operating loss carryforward as well as discrete items. I will provide further context on the following
slides.

We recorded net income of $1.2 billion for Q1 of this year compared to a net loss of $124 million in the
same period of last year. Earnings per share on a diluted basis was $2.84. Please note that our share
count on a diluted basis now also includes the effect of outstanding options and RSUs as we began to be
profitable. Previously, when we were in a net loss position, basic and reported diluted number of shares
were the same.

Turning to cash and selected cash flow information on Slide 19. We ended Q1 2021 with cash and
investments of $8.2 billion compared to $5.2 billion at the end of Q4 2020. The increase is driven by our
commercial sales and additional customer deposits received in the first quarter for future purchases of our
COVID-19 vaccine. Net cash provided by operating activities was $2.97 billion in Q1 of this year compared
to net cash used in operating activities of $106 million in Q1 of last year. The reversal from net operating
cash outflow to cash inflow was driven by our commercial market entry for the entire quarter.

Similar to last quarter, before providing an updated financial framework for the remainder of 2021, let me
summarize a few areas from our Q1 results that are important to keep in mind when modeling expected
2021 financial performance.

Starting with product sales on Slide 20. We started last year to build 2 distinct supply chains, one in the
U.S. and one outside the U.S. for rest of world markets. Our supply chain scale up in the U.S. was roughly
1 quarter in advance of our ex U.S. supply chain, which is reflected in the geographic sales mix in Q1. As
we move forward in Q2, the ex U.S. supply chain is also ramping up toward full capability.

Turning to Slide 21. Cost of sales includes the cost of goods manufactured, logistics and warehousing
costs as well as third-party royalty costs. We began capitalizing our COVID-19 vaccine inventory costs
in December of 2020, following the COVID-19 vaccine emergency use authorization based upon our
expectation that these inventory costs would be recoverable through commercialization of the vaccine.
Prior to the authorization of our COVID-19 vaccine, inventory costs were recorded as research and
development expenses in the period incurred. We expensed $242 million of prelaunch inventory costs in
2020 and started 2021 with the remaining balance of $187 million of 0 cost inventory. Almost the entire
balance, or $184 million was sold and benefited our cost of sales in Q1 of this year, and hence, will not

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MODERNA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

further impact future quarters in a material way. If inventory sold during the first quarter was valued
at actual cost, our cost of sales would have been $377 million or 22% of our product sales somewhat
favorable to what we expected, driven by favorable yields in our U.S. production facilities.

Now turning to our cash and investment position on Slide 22. The cash and investment balance reported
as of March 31 was $8.2 billion, up from $5.2 billion as of December 31, 2020. The increase is primarily
driven by the net increase in customer deposits for future product supply of COVID-19 vaccine. The net
balance of cash customer deposits increased from $2.8 million at the end of December 2020 to $5.6 billion
at the end of Q1 '21.

Lastly, let me comment on tax-related items on Slide 23. The significant investments in our research,
development and start-up activities to develop the mRNA platform over the last decade have resulted
in net operating loss carryforwards, with a balance of $2.3 billion at the end of 2020. As of December
31, 2020, we maintained a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets related to these loss
carryforwards. We performed a valuation allowance assessment during each reporting period based on the
latest available financial information and outlook.

After considering the weight of available evidence, both positive and negative, we concluded that as of
March 31, it is more likely than not that the company will be able to realize the substantial majority of its
net deferred tax assets. This analysis included not only our strong first quarter results, but also our April
activity. The majority of the valuation allowance will flow through the P&L over the course of 2021 in our
effective tax rate prorated based on the cadence of our expected pretax quarterly earnings.

We also recorded 2 discrete benefits in our tax provision in Q1, which lowered our first quarter tax rate.
The first benefit related to the valuation allowance release for the portion of deferred tax assets, which we
expect to utilize in future years. The second related to the excess tax benefits associated with stock-based
compensation.

Turning now to the 2021 updated financial framework on Slide 24. Signed advanced purchase agreements
for expected delivery in 2021 reflect a current full year total of $19.2 billion in anticipated product sales
including doses that have been delivered and recognized as revenue in Q1.

Based on continuous progress to ramp up available supply capacity in our network, we have raised the
lower end of our global manufacturing plan for 2021 from 700 million to 800 million doses at the 100-
microgram dose level. Our manufacturing team and our partners are still working to supply up to 1 billion
doses for 2021. Further, we continue to expect a range of deliveries in Q2 2021 of 200 million to 250
million doses.

Our total cost of sales includes the cost of manufacturing, logistics and warehousing and third-party
royalties. For 2021, we continue to model average total cost of sales as a percent of product sales to be
approximately 20% for the full year with some variation quarter-by-quarter largely driven by average
selling price going forward.

Now let me comment on planned R&D and SG&A expenses. Q1 expenses of approximately $0.5 billion
were stable compared to the underlying Q4 2020 expense run rate on a like-for-like basis.

In Q1, our actual expenses were lower than the internal forecast primarily driven by the timing of clinical
development and commercial activities and related costs. We now expect a notable expense trend increase
starting in Q2 on a quarter-over-quarter basis for the remainder of this year.

Based on better visibility of the utilization of our accumulated net operating loss carryforward, expected
global sales mix and the mentioned discrete benefits in Q1, we now expect our all-in 2021 tax rate to be
in the low teens. This compares to our previous forecast in the mid-teen range. This forecast is based
on current U.S. tax policy in effect and does not include any future potential discrete benefits related to
stock-based compensation. We will update this view as our business evolves further.

Finally, regarding capital investments, we are raising our forecast for capital investment from our previous
range of $350 million to $400 million for 2021 to $450 million to $550 million, including the planned
capacity expansion investments as announced on April 29.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MODERNA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

This concludes my remarks concerning financial performance, and I now turn the call over to Stephen.

Stephen Hoge
President

Thank you, David. I'll begin with an overview of our COVID-19 strategy against variants of concern and
the initial data from our Phase II booster vaccination study before ending with a summary of the rest of
our pipeline. And before I go into the data, a reminder that our booster strategy is evaluating single-dose
booster vaccinations with 3 different mRNA vaccines: 50 micrograms of mRNA-1273; 50 micrograms of
mRNA-1273.351, both of which have data available today and what I will discuss in just a moment; and a
multivalent booster vaccine candidate, which combines a 50-50 mix of mRNA-1273 and mRNA-1273.351
in a single vaccine.

In addition, we're also evaluating a lower 20-microgram dose of mRNA-1273.351. Data from the
multivalent booster and the 20-microgram booster of 351 will be shared when available.

And with that backdrop, let's move to the data. Starting with safety, local and systemic adverse events
within 7 days after a booster dose of either -1273 or -1273.351 were generally comparable to those
observed after the second dose of -1273 in our previously reported Phase II study and our Phase III
COVE study. The majority of the events were mild or moderate in severity and grade 3 events occurred
with a frequency of approximately 15% in participants who received -1273 and approximately 10% in
participants who received -1273.351. The most commonly reported solicited local events were injection
site pain and the most commonly reported systemic events were fatigue, headache, myalgia and
arthralgia. There were no grade 4 events reported.

On the next slide, are figures from 2 papers. The figure on the left-hand side were published in the New
England Journal of Medicine and show the difference in neutralization of SARS-CoV-2 pseudoviruses
in serum samples 1 week after vaccination with a primary series of mRNA-1273. Recall that there was
a sixfold decrease in neutralization titers against the B.1.351 variant, the variant first identified in the
Republic of South Africa; and a three-fold drop in titers against P.1, the variant first described in Brazil.
And again, as a reminder, these neutralizing titer levels were from serum samples 1 week after the second
dose of the primary vaccine series of mRNA-1273. So essentially, these titers are close to peak levels.

On the right-hand side of the slide is a figure from the preprint manuscript of our initial results from our
Phase II study posted yesterday at Bio Archive. The figures show the neutralization titer levels of the
participants in our Phase II booster study immediately before their booster vaccinations.

A reminder that these individuals were previously vaccinated with a primary series of mRNA-1273 in either
our Phase II or Phase III studies, roughly 6 to 8 months prior to enrolling in this booster study.

At this time point, titers against wild-type SARS-CoV-2 remained high with almost all participants having
detectable titers. But titers against B.1.351 and P1, the variants of concern were much lower. In fact,
approximately half of participants had titers below the assays limit of quantitation at this time point.

So it is clear that waning of titers is apparent, both with time and that lower titers against variants of
concern lead to more rapid loss of neutralizing activity.

Turning to the next slide. The data shows that 2 weeks after booster vaccines of either mRNA-1273 or
-1273.351 neutralizing tighter levels increased against both the wild-type virus as well as the B.1.351
and P1 variants of concern. In fact, following boost, geometric mean titers against the 3 variants tested
increased to levels similar to or higher than previously reported peak titers against the ancestral strain
following primary vaccination.

When looking specifically at the GMTs of the different strains, we achieved levels of 1,400 after booster
vaccination with mRNA-1273.351 against the 351 variant. This compares against the GMT of 864 when
boosting with mRNA-1273.

Vaccination with mRNA-1273.351 was more effective at narrowing the gap in neutralizing titers between
wild-type and B.1.351 viruses relative to boosting with mRNA-1273.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MODERNA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Now we're encouraged by this initial data, and we're excited to see additional data over time from these
arms as well as the data from the multivalent arm and a lower dose arm of mRNA-1273.351.

On the next slide, I would like to highlight one last comparison from the manuscript. On the left hand is
a sample of participants from the Phase I study and they're neutralizing titers against ancestral strain
following a primary vaccination series with mRNA-1273. GMT is achieved in this assay approximately
1,500.

On the right-hand side is a reproduction of the data we just spoke through, looking at neutralizing titers,
and I'm specifically highlighting the neutralizing titers against the B.1.351 variant of concern. A booster
dose of 50 micrograms of mRNA-1273, the top bar, was able to increase titers to a level of 864 in this
study. That compares with a booster dose of 50 micrograms of 1273.351, which was able to get to titers
against the variant of concern as high as 1,400 in the study. We'll continue to closely watch this data, and
as I mentioned a moment ago, look forward to subsequent updates and time points.

On Slide 31 is a snapshot of our vaccine development candidates that are in or entering the clinic. I'll
highlight a few. Our CMV vaccine is on track to start a pivotal Phase III study in 2021. Our Zika vaccine
is expected to begin a Phase II study also in 2021. Our hMPV/PIV3 respiratory combo vaccine is currently
enrolling in toddlers. And at our Vaccines Day last month, we announced positive interim Phase I data
from our RSV vaccine, mRNA-1345. This continues in pediatric and older adult cohorts of that Phase I
study are still enrolling.

Finally, within our flu vaccine program, we expect a Phase I study of mRNA-1010 to begin in 2021.

Outside of vaccines, we have 7 clinical proof-of-concept trials ongoing across 4 modalities. Our VEGF
program partnered with AstraZeneca is enrolling in a Phase II. Our personalized cancer vaccine program
partnered with Merck is also enrolling in a Phase II trial. And KRAS, our second program partnered with
Merck is ongoing in a Phase I study.

Within intratumoral immuno-oncology, our Phase II dose expansion in OX40 ligand, Phase I Triplet and
Phase I IL-2 study, which is partnered with AstraZeneca, are all still ongoing.

Finally, as Stephane mentioned, we are pleased to have started dosing in the Paramount study in propionic
acidemia.

On Slide 33, you can see our full development pipeline. In addition to our large portfolio of infectious
disease vaccines, we now have 7 therapeutic programs in the clinic.

I'll now turn the call over to Stephane. Thank you so much.

Stephane Bancel
CEO & Director

Thank you, Stephen, Corinne and David. Our 2021 advanced purchase agreement signed have now been
increased to $19.2 billion. As we look into 2022, we're investing to distribute and dose supply capacity
because we believe the market need -- could be greater in 2022 than in 2021.

First, we already have countries signing APAs for 2022 for prime series for children but also for variant-
specific boosters. Israel last week and Switzerland this morning.

If you recall, there were some of the first countries who signed APAs in 2020. And again, these countries
are ahead of the game for 2022 and 2023.

Second, with the COVAX partnership announced Monday, we anticipate to supply up to 466 million doses
in 2022.

Third, we're having active discussions with all the governments that have signed 2021 APAs with Moderna.
For new APAs for 2022 deliveries, again, prime series but also boosters.

Fourth, we're having numerous discussions with government that do not have 2021 APAs with Moderna
because we cannot supply them in 2021 unfortunately. But many of these governments are already asking

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MODERNA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

us to enter into 2022 APAs because they want high efficacy mRNA vaccines that are easy to store. This
is why we decided to invest for more supply in 2022. We believe from our current deals and current
discussions that the market wants more supply from us in 2022 than we can supply in 2021.

As we look at the next 5 to 10 years, we have the most innovative vaccine pipeline in the industry. And
we're investing more in research to increase our impact by bringing to the clinic, more innovative vaccines
against viruses that hurt humans. We are now in the clinic in 3 therapeutic areas: oncology, cardiology
and rare disease and soon, we should be in the clinic in autoimmune disease as well. We are continuing to
innovate and invest in science, like, for example, for delivering mRNA in the lung with our partner, Vertex.

As we continue to prepare Moderna to scale and to have 10x more impact, we're investing aggressively.
We are accelerating our investments in digital, automation and AI.

From a spend of $27 million in 2019, we invested around $60 million in 2020 in digital. We're planning
to almost triple that $170 million in 2021. We're investing across the world in R&D to ensure high quality
to accelerate the pace of learning and to ensure we can transform clinical operations. We're investing
in digital to ensure high-quality, high scalability for manufacturing. We are building commercial so that
we can commercialize our pipeline in a highly efficient and effective manner. We want to change the big
pharma paradigm of large, inefficient and expensive sales force and advertising spend to promote me-too
drugs. Our pipeline is first-in-class medicine that patients and doctors are waiting for.

We want to enable our corporate functions, HR, legal, finance and so on to scale without creating large
corporate organization.

I'm also excited that we are launching an AI Academy. Today, we have some exciting pockets of excellence
in AI across the company. But AI is not yet part of our DNA. The reason is simple, most companies
don't do AI. So as we grow and hire new talent, they have great skills in their heart, but few have been
exposed to AI in their previous company. We want AI to be how we run the business in science, in clinical
development, in manufacturing quality in commercial, in HR and finance, everywhere.

It is the same change management revolution as 20 to 30 years ago when personal computers entered
the workforce. We want everything at Moderna to understand and use AI in everything we do. AI will
become part of our DNA.

As many of you know, we have built integrated digital system connected to each other. And as we have
more systems, we get more data. As we get more data, we learn faster. And we keep building and
creating a network cycle. Between our strong balance sheet, our mRNA platform, our team, our culture
and our digital infrastructure, I believe our belief to scale Moderna is unique in the biopharmaceutical
industry.

As part of scaling Moderna, there is software, better so very value added. Many of you were at the
opening of a Norwood manufacturing site in July 2018 or you came to visit after the opening. Our building
is around 200,000 square feet. We call it Moderna Technology Center South or MTC South.

In 2020, we added the building next to it and added around 245,000 square feet and called it MTC North.
We are pleased to announce this week that we now have access to a new building, MTC East, which will
start welcoming Moderna employees later this year after some maybe investment and renovation to the
building. That is another 240,000 square feet.

So we're now having in MTC access to around 650,000 square feet. We now hold the building on this
campus, and we can also add more buildings and build them now that we have the entire campus.

We are deeply committed about building a company that has a strong sense of responsibility. We want
Moderna to be a positive force in the world, not only for our medicines, but also by who we are as a
company.

We are very committed to belong, inclusion and diversity. We recently published or expanded workforce
diversity figures for the first time. Last year, we signed the CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion pledge.
And we have also reiterated our ongoing commitment to increasing diversity in our clinical trials.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MODERNA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

We are deeply committed to the environment. We have decided to source our Norwood and Cambridge
site with renewable energy and will offset any energy that is not from renewable sources, and we will be
working on our target as to when we should be a net-zero carbon company.

We also encouraging our employees with a positive impact on the communities in which we live and
volunteer, from cleaning the Charles River in Cambridge, to feeding the homeless and stem education and
much more. You can find a lot of resources online on our website.

As I close, I want to convey how thankful we are at Moderna to have a chance to do what we do.
Every day, we come to work to make innovative medicine using the first information platform of a
biopharmaceutical industry. My colleagues and I work and collaborate to make more medicines to protect
or treat people.

I am proud of what the team has done over the last 10 years to get us to this stage. Over the last 14
months, since we started chasing SARS-CoV-2 virus. And in Q1, as we continue to execute relentlessly.

But as I look at the future of Moderna, I believe we have a chance over the next 5, 10, 20 years to
transform medicines potentially like no other company has ever changed medicine. This is just the
beginning.

Before taking your questions, I would like to remind you that we will be hosting our Annual Science Day in
a few weeks on May 27. You are going to work to connect this event as Stephen and his team have some
very cool new things to share with you.

And later at the end of the summer, on September 9, our annual R&D Day for holistic clinical update.
Operator, we'll be happy to take any questions now.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MODERNA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Your first response is from the line of Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs.

Salveen Jaswal Richter
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I have a couple here. So firstly, with regard to, if the U.S. supports the WHO waiver of COVID-19 vaccine
IP, what does that mean for Moderna? I mean if you could just walk us through that.

Secondly, if you could just discuss contract dynamics for the vaccine in 2022 as you look to address
variants and kind of you see them move towards an endemic market.

And third, it's nice to see the PA program move forward. It would be great to kind of understand whether
we'll see data from that program this year and what else we might see from the ex COVID pipeline?

Stephane Bancel
CEO & Director

Salveen, it's Stephane. Let me start with your first questions and then turn few questions to Stephen.

So on the IP, what does it mean? I believe it doesn't change anything for Moderna. As I said, we had said
last October that we will not enforce our COVID-19-related patents during the pandemic. And as I said
in my remarks, there is no mRNA in manufacturing capacity in the world. This is a new technology. You
cannot go hire people who know how to make the mRNA. Those people don't exist.

And then even if all those things were available, whoever who wants to do mRNA vaccines will have to
buy the machine, invent the manufacturing process, invest verification processes, analytical processes.
And then they will have to go run a clinical trial, get the data, get the product approved and scale the
manufacturing. This doesn't happen in 6 or 12 or 18 months. We have been working at these for years.

And as you know, there are some smaller mRNA companies that are still in the clinic, trying to get the
products to a finish line. And so we saw the news last night and I didn't lose a minute of sleep of the news
during the night.

On 2022 contract, the dynamic is, as I just described it, which is, the market has tremendously changed.
Since the pandemic started last year, before clinical data, many countries as you know, didn't want to
move, especially because of mRNA being a new technology. They moved first on protein contracts, on
adenos contracts. And then the kind of mRNA contracts came later, more just in case. And then the clinical
data came along and the speed to get to approval.

And so -- and then you have the fact that the proteins are still not authorized anywhere in the West.
And then you had the low efficacy of the adenos in over the safety questions around the adenos,
manufacturing scale-up issues that adenos companies have had. And the big question that scientists
advising governments are which is, can you actually really boost adenos with more adenos products
because, by definition, you give again the same virus vector to somebody that we believe over time will
get less and less response from it.

So as we look at the marketplace, which what governments are doing, and given many governments,
I think last year, believe the pandemic will be gone quickly. Trust me, every governments we're talking
to believe this is going to stay for a long time. They have got massively educated by the scientists and
the clinician, and they believe this virus is not going away. They believe boosting is going to be critical.
They believe variant-specific boosting is going to be the right way to do the science. And as you saw from
Stephen's presentation, this is what the clinical data are showing as well.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MODERNA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

And so the dynamic is that current governments that have already contracted us are calling for more, and
we're in active discussion with all of them to supply more for '22 and '23, both prime series and specific-
variant booster. The beauty about this technology is, we can agree right now in the contracts to give
them next year to be able to choose what they want based on the clinical data. And that's an incredible
competitive advantage. And this we can do because, as you know, the manufacturing process is the same
for -1273 or -1273.351 or -1273.221 or new 1273 dot something is a new variant. And we can change
that on a very short notice because it's a same equipment, in the same room, with the same people, with
same raw materials.

And then -- all those governments, which is almost more exciting to me that never called before -- that
we called before, but we couldn't supply them because we are in the unfortunate position and we're very
sorry. We have no more supply for you in 2021, which, of course, a very difficult discussion to have given
the suffering happening around the world.

But the great news with the investments we've announced to get up to 3 billion next year. We now can
have those discussions with those governments. And Corinne and the team are having a lot of discussions
with them. So that kind of give you a sense on the dynamics.

Stephen, on PA?

Stephen Hoge
President

Sure. Salveen, thanks for the question. So as you know, the program, the Paramount study for propionic
acidemia is going to be looking at biomarkers as a part of its dose optimization. And so it's possible that
we'll be seeing very early indicators of impact there. But we are going to -- there's no guarantee that
the first dose level and the first cohort that we're looking at will be the correct one. And we're going to
make sure that we develop a cogent and consistent data set before we bring that forward. It is a dose
optimization study, and we will perhaps be looking at multiple dose levels. So while I think it's possible
that we would see data this year, it's dependent upon many things that are well beyond our control.

Now you asked a more general question also about our broader portfolio. And if you look at the programs
more generally, VEGF, as we mentioned, is a Phase II program that's been enrolling for a while. It's
possible we could see data from that. Our PCV and KRAS programs, again, as open-label programs will
continue to track those closely as they enroll. And then similar intratumoral programs that we highlighted,
many of them are ongoing and producing data. And of course, when we have a complete and cogent data
set, we will bring it forward.

Operator

Your next response is from Matthew Harrison with Morgan Stanley.

Matthew Kelsey Harrison
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. I guess two from me. One, on the sort of next-generation COVID vaccine where you think it might
be refrigerator stable. Can you just talk about the regulatory path for that vaccine given that it's not the
full spike. Do you think you might have to run an actual efficacy study? Or do you think a neutralization
titer study with safety might be enough for that?

And then the second question, Stephen, if I can just follow up on PA. I know in the past, right, one of the
struggles has been enrollment. Obviously, it's great to see that you've gotten a patient into the study. Can
you just talk about now that you've gotten a patient in what your sort of view is around enrollment and if
you think you've gotten through some of those hurdles?

Stephen Hoge
President

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MODERNA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Sure. Thank you, Matt, for both questions. So first on -- I believe you're referencing our second-
generation vaccine candidate, which is mRNA-1283. It is a shorter construct that we think could have a
much longer refer through its stability profile.

As we announced previously, we started enrolling in the Phase I in that study. And it's probably a little bit
premature to comment on what we think the regulatory path will look like for that until we get some of
that initial data and have conversations, obviously, with regulators. But I would highlight that it's possible
that -1283 may not go into a full primary series vaccination study. It could impact in the future function
as a booster. But again, that's probably too early to say. We will have to wait until we see that data and
ultimately, it would be dependent upon conversations with regulators in the future.

As it relates to PA enrollment, yes, as you mentioned, we've been working very hard on that over the
coming -- over the past years, and we're quite pleased to have enrolled the first participant, the first
patient in that study. And the team is working hard to enroll additional patients as quickly as possible. I
think time will tell whether we've actually broken through here and addressed any of the issues that we
previously had in terms of enrollment. And so hopefully, we'll be able to provide subsequent updates on
expanding enrollment in the near term that will demonstrate that we've made that progress.

Operator

Your next response is from Ted Tenthoff with Piper Sandler.

Edward Andrew Tenthoff
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Great. Thank you for all of the detailed updates. including running through the financial analysis. So
detailed, David. Congrats on all the success. Stephen, I wanted to pick up on the booster data that you've
shown. And maybe you can kind of take us a step forward. What is the booster strategy going to look like.
Do We actually need to maybe do redose or revaccinate sooner than 8 to 6 months because of where the
levels were? And maybe you can just tell us what you see as sort of the potential timing in queue for when
we would be getting boosters.

Stephen Hoge
President

Thank you for the question, Ted. Look, I think we have to start by saying we don't know. We do not have
data on when to expect waning immunity leading to breakthrough infections. But we do know that there is
a raging pandemic that reinfections will happen at some point. And the best way to ensure that we do not
have renewed outbreaks in well vaccinated countries is to boost and maintain the highest possible levels of
neutralizing immunity.

We, as Moderna, also believe that, that means we want to maintain the broadest neutralizing immunity
against the largest number of than circulating variants of concern.

If you look at the data that we have posted today as well as some of our published data and others
reports, it does feel like immunity to a primary vaccination series or a previous infection seems to weigh
in over the 6- to 12-month time horizon, at least as measured by neutralizing titers. Again, we don't know
whether that's a clinical cohort or not, but it certainly is an indication of that waning immunity.

And if you look at the data that we -- that I presented earlier, approximately half of the participants in our
booster studies, no longer have detectable neutralizing immunity against the variants of concern. They
have neutralizing immunity against the ancestral strain that they were vaccinated against.

So the logical thing we think to do is to boost their immunity against those variants of concern. If you will
vaccinate them against those to both increase those titers right now, but also give them a longer duration
of protection, perhaps long enough, that we can see our way through the pandemic. That probably looks
like boosting on a 9 to 12 months after primary series as an annual booster for now. At least while we're
continuing to see the evolution of the virus.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MODERNA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Now the last point was about our strategy more generally here. And we do believe that the virus is not
going to follow one path of evolution. That we are going to see many variants of concern, that there
may be divergent paths. And therefore, the best way to ensure that we can protect against the broadest
number of variants of concern will be a multivalent vaccine.

Now right now, we're still waiting to see our multivalent vaccine data, which is a combination, as you
know, of ancestral and 351, the strain first identified in South Africa. But we think this is just the
beginning, and we think we're going to be unfortunately continuing to fight this pandemic through 2022,
at least, globally. And therefore, we're committed as a company to make as many updates to the vaccine,
to add as many variants as we think are necessary, to ensure that when people receive a booster, it
provides the broadest immune protection against the widest range of variants.

Operator

Your next response is from Michael Yee with Jefferies.

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I appreciate the questions. I had two important follow-ups. One was going back to the question about the
WTO. Can you just offer some color around the view of loss of raw material supply capacity, et cetera?
In other words, shedding some light on any ability to actually increase global capacity even if there were
some form of open patents. So maybe just talk about that. Because I don't think that you can just make
it. And like it's easy. Can you maybe just offer some color there?

And the second question is also a follow-up on the variant strategy. It sounds like the bivalent strategy
might be the best, Stephen. So at what point would you just pull the trigger on beginning to manufacture
that and ramp that all up for 2022?

Stephane Bancel
CEO & Director

Thanks, Michael. It's Stephane. Let me start on the raw material. Going back to what I said is, if
somebody was to start from scratch because again there is no mRNA player that's with idle capacity out
there. One will not start by focusing on large-scale raw material supply. I mean why will I first figure out
how do we make mRNA. And you cannot find that patent, which as you all know are on the founded on
the U.S., but they block this website. And so one is going to figure out what machine do you need, how
do you make mRNA, what purification method you need, what analytical methods you need. And once you
recognize all those things, which trust me is going to take you time, it is not easy. Us and other companies
that are in the market we are on a vaccine that we've been building for decades. And even companies that
have been working on it for 10 or 20 years are still in a clinic trying to figure out how to get to the finish
line.

And so I really believe that this is not the issue. I already believe the IP topic is mostly critically driven. It
is not the issue. It might impact other technology that had a role in proteins and this I could not comment
on. But for mRNA, I really think this is the wrong question. Stephen, do you want to take the variants?

Stephen Hoge
President

Yes. So thank you, again, Michael, for the question. So on our multivalent strategy, we have -- at this
point, we are still waiting for the clinical data to confirm that. And as we expect to have that shortly, as
we've mentioned, we previously dosed people with the mRNA-1273.211 variant. The preclinical data that
we have published does -- or presented to dose suggest that, that is going to be the winning approach.
And as I highlighted, or as is highlighted by the monovalent clinical data we already have, there is a
benefit to adding additional antigens and potentially, therefore, benefit with a multivalent approach.

I think it's important to recognize that we view this as an ongoing battle. And so your question about
when do we pull the trigger and move forward bivalent manufacturing. We're already on the path of
doing that manufacturing, not because we think that we're done with mRNA-1273.211 the bivalent --
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MODERNA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

current bivalent vaccine, but because we think we're going to go down the path of multivalent vaccines
and continue needing to add things.

And so that platform capability, we are already in the process of building and establishing to support
multiple updates to a multivalent vaccine.

And we do think that's going to be required because we think the virus is not going to stand still and stop
evolving, and we suspect there's going to be trivalent, maybe quadrivalent. It will keep happening in the
time ahead. We have completed GMP manufacturing of all of those batches, and we're at sufficient scale,
we think, to be able to quickly move into commercial scale distribution if needed. But at this point, we are
still waiting for data to come shortly to confirm that performance in clinic.

Stephane Bancel
CEO & Director

Yes. So just a point to add to Stephen on a multivalent, which I think a lot of people don't appreciate is,
it is not easy to do a multivalent mRNA, GMP product from an analytical QC standpoint because those
mRNAs are of the same size. They look mostly similar because you just changed a few -- I mean a few
nucleic acid. And that expand now. And it's why the platform comes to drive so much value. As you all
know, we have a CMV vaccine on its way to Phase III, where we developed and that we find over the
years, a very complex product, seeks mRNA in the same guidance.

So if you think about what the multivalent vaccine for COVID is going to look like, it's not going to be easy.
And so for people that have not done multivalent in GMP setting before, trust me, the regulators because
we had this discussion with regulators around CMV over years. They didn't want to see a lot of analytical
method characterization so that you can prove to them that you know what is in the pipe. And that is yet
again another big differentiation with Moderna.

Operator

Your next response is from Gena Wang of Barclays.

Huidong Wang
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I also have two. One also related to the IP question. So wanted to ask differently, just wondering,
Stephane, how many contracted global manufacturing sites you have? And how long in general is the
contract?

And the second question also regarding the new booster data. This is more for Steve, actually, to me, it
was a little bit surprised the differences between -1273 versus -1273.351 was less or narrow than initially
I would expect it. It seems like -1273 should be also sufficient to protect from variant strain. So what
could be the explanation? And then you did just lay out the plan, you still will be going after the multi-
variant approach. But regarding the explanation there, like do you think that, that just a single shot that
was should be sufficient for the protection?

Stephen Hoge
President

Thanks, Gena. I'll -- maybe I'll take that question first and then hand it back to Stephane on your IP
question. So a couple of things I would note. The first is the level of titers, as you suggested, there's a
little bit less than twofold difference between them, and you are -- when you are seeing substantially
higher titers in the order of 1,400 when you give the very specific booster, that's mRNA-1273.351.

Now I would note that this is happening already at Day 15, right? This is an early time point that we're
looking at, at this point. We will also be looking at Day 29. And in this case, we are -- effectively, it is a
prime with the 1273.351, right? It is the first dose of the strain first identified in South Africa. And so
it's actually -- there's 2 ways you could look at it. One is obviously that it is -- both look good. I think
the other and the way that I'm still looking at this is, it looks like we can very rapidly direct the immune

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MODERNA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

response to an increased level of neutralizing titers against the variant of concern that was first identified
in South Africa 351 in this case.

And if you compare the titers that we've achieved even by day 15, between these 2 variants -- or between
the ancestral strain and the 351 strain, it's really only the 351 strain that's getting to the same level that
we saw against the ancestral strains in that last comparison. So to levels that are approximately similar
amount.

Now that's not to say that mRNA-1273 as a booster couldn't -- wouldn't provide a benefit, and I think
you're highlighting that, Gena. There is evidence in this data as well that we can substantially increase
neutralizing titers generally across the response with a booster dose of mRNA-1273, our authorized
vaccine at 50 micrograms. And that is encouraging. That is good news because I think it suggests that is
also a useful strategy. But if you had to choose between the 2, and you were primarily concerned about
increasing immunity to a higher level so that it can last longer, particularly in patient populations at high
risk of either waning immunity or incomplete immunity, we think this starts to provide very early event,
even at Day 15, even after a priming dose, that there's going to be an advantage to some strain matching
of the antigen. And that's what has us continue to be excited about a multivalent strategy. Stephane?

Stephane Bancel
CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks, Stephen. So Gena, on the contract manufacturers, we kind of look at kind of raw material
drug substance and drug products. In all of these, we have multiyear contracts. As soon as we got
board's authorization to go to 3 billion supply for 2022, we right away, sent a lot of orders and a lot of
additional supplies to our suppliers. And not to forget the drug substance actually now, it is the place, it's
on Moderna site where we actually have the biggest capacity of a drug substance even in the 3 billion dose
2022 scenario over.

Operator

Your next response is from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America.

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Securities, Research Division

Just had two on COVID. The first one is, what does your data tell you with real-world effectiveness of
-1273 today as of now with respect to some of the main variants? I'm just trying to reconcile the need for
annual boosters versus minimal breakthroughs thus far and high efficacy.

And then the second question is, when the next-gen vaccines for COVID-19, when you have some
permutations, what's the potential to leverage the technology to use different parts of the virus versus just
modifying the spike protein or do you think this could add regulatory steps that make it difficult, even if
it's theoretically possible.

Stephen Hoge
President

Thank you, Geoff. Those are both good questions. So maybe I'll take the first one, first, which is our real-
world evidence, the largest amount of it that we've seen has been published by groups like the CDC and
continues to reinforce that the efficacy we saw in the clinical trial seems to be translating well into real-
world use with very high efficacy against disease, against COVID-19.

I think it's important to note, though, that this is all happening very acutely, right? We're still only months
away into -- we're months into these vaccination campaigns. And the primary concern that we and others
have from a public health perspective is really not what's going to happen right after vaccination. But
what does this look like in 9 months? What does this look like in 18 months? And I think that the really
difficult situation everybody is in is you could say, well, let's wait until it's a year from now, and we see a
reemergence of spikes of cases. We see -- maybe it's not as bad, but we see a very big and bad flu season
in the winters, tens of thousands, maybe hundreds of thousands of death, that kind of scale. That's not

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MODERNA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

a situation that most are willing to take a risk on because it obviously could be substantially worse than
that.

And so we're probably not going to have a chance to wait for data for cases to really break through a year
from after vaccination in the real-world setting and let that start to guide revaccination decisions.

At that point, it's almost too late. And so I think at this level, we think for the very near term, the correct
and sort of conservative decision is to continue to try and maintain the highest level of broadest immunity
in the populations that are well vaccinated already.

Now if you look beyond this sort of epidemic phase or pandemic phase that we're in with this variant
evolution, into the years beyond that, so 3, 4, 5 years from now, hopefully, we're well past the current
pandemic. We still believe there's going to be SARS-CoV-2 reinfections. And as we shared at the Vaccines
Day just a couple of weeks ago, we take that lesson from the previous endemic coronavirus epidemics
that have happened, where hundreds of years later, you still see reinfections, mortality, substantial health
care costs associated with those viruses. And we don't know whether SARS-CoV-2 is worse than them or
the same, but we believe that, that burden of disease that's created by the fact that respiratory viruses
continually reinfect. And when they do, they can really have a devastating effect in high-risk populations,
particularly older immunocompromised. We think that's a real probability in the future. In fact, it would
almost be unprecedented for that not to be the case in the coronavirus context.

And so for that reason, we believe there is going to be a need for continual boosters, whether it's annual
or not and whether the multivalency continues to add more and valencies, I don't think anybody can say
yet. But it's certainly a situation we're preparing for.

Geoffrey Christopher Meacham
BofA Securities, Research Division

And Stephane, just on the second question on the different modalities or Stephen, either...

Stephen Hoge
President

Yes, Geoff, sorry. I apologize for that. And this is your second question on different modalities and different
parts of the antigen. So I think what is pretty clear from all the vaccines, if you look across them, but
certainly if you focus on the messenger RNA vaccines is that the high degree of efficacy we're seeing in
vaccines right now is based on spike protein immunogenicity. That is the antigen that's being expressed.

Is it theoretically possible that non-spike antigens could have provided the same protection? I think it's
definitely possible. So forward-looking possible. But I think you would be remiss to look past the multiple
large Phase III trials that provide pretty conclusive evidence of the value of going up for spike protein and
trying to prevent COVID-19.

So I think you would probably -- if you went down that route have to redemonstrate that efficacy that may
be increasingly difficult in a world where we have so many good choices in terms of vaccines. And so I'm
not exactly sure how we go down that path, even theoretically.

Operator

Your next response is from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan.

Cory William Kasimov
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I want to go back to the topic of the future contracts. I know this has kind of been asked in a couple of
different ways, but on discussions and negotiations that are currently taking place, how much confidence
do you have that there's going to be demand to fill up to 3 billion doses in anticipated supply that you
think you could have next year, especially if people are getting a single annual booster in the future?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

MODERNA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

And then the second question is from really a modeling perspective. Are the price points currently being
negotiated on future contracts comparable to what you have on the existing ones for 2021? Just basically
wanted to see if we should be assuming stable pricing for modeling purposes for '22.

Stephane Bancel
CEO & Director

Yes. So let me take a stab at the question, Cory. And if I miss anything, Corinne, just please add some
color. So as I said in my remarks, from what we're hearing from customers, this is becoming an mRNA
market looking forward. And so there are not so many players in the mRNA market. And if you look at
what the future needs across the globe, you're going to see have vaccinate others. All others are not going
to get vaccinated this year on the planet. The math doesn't work.

And then you have adolescents and then you have children across the world. And then you are boosting.
So when you add all those pieces, the reason we are building up to 3 billion of supply as a mix between
the prime series and boosters is because we believe that this is what the world is looking for based on the
daily engagements we have with governments around the world. It's a very different setup than what it
was a year ago.

A year ago, you get people saying, "Oh, I'm going to get cheap adenovirus vaccine because it means
supplied at cost." This is not a discussion anymore today. The discussion is, "I want some mRNA vaccine
for my people, I want variant booster specific, I want multi-variant, I want the best thing because I don't
want a second and the third and the fourth year with this thing. I need my country to be back on its feet."
Did that help, Cory?

Cory William Kasimov
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Yes. No, on the pricing question for modeling.

Stephane Bancel
CEO & Director

No. Look, I think, I'll give you any color, but again, there is no more discussion at all, that your price is
this and there's a small company. That company will price at cost at $3, this discussion is gone.

Operator

Your next response is from Hartaj Singh with Oppenheimer & Company.

Hartaj Singh
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Great. A question I would have is just on the 50-microgram going forward, the booster and against
variants. Would you see that potentially becoming your initial kind of prime boost vaccine possibly in the
future? Or you think you'll stick with the 100-microgram route, whether it's with 1283 also.

And then just on OpEx, just any kind of color when we think about '22 and '23 for David, what cost of
goods sold could look like once these quarterly variations kind of flush out? And then what your adjusted
operating margins could start looking like us?

Stephen Hoge
President

Thanks, Hartaj. I'll take a stab at the first one and then hand to David for the other. So on 50 micrograms,
obviously, the data we shared today is a small number of subjects. But we've previously shared and
published our Phase II data on a slightly larger number of subjects looking at a 50-microgram primary
series. That looked quite good and at least as measured by immunogenicity seemed to achieve levels that
were consistent with 100-microgram dose.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

MODERNA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

So it's certainly something we're going to look at as to whether or not we could pursue a 50-microgram
primary series. But how we get there will depend upon data that we don't yet have, right? So we will have
to look at whether there are clear correlates of protection that we can use to bridge between those doses
and/or we'll have to look at different populations in which we started those doses. As an example, this has
been shared. We're evaluating 50 micrograms as a potential primary series even in pediatric populations.
As you can imagine, you don't need perhaps as higher dose in younger people than you do in older ones.

So there's a lot of things ahead of us in terms of looking at whether or not a primary series for 50
micrograms is possible. Certainly for a booster series, that is the top dose at which we're looking. And as
we look forward, we'll continue to carefully evaluate whether or not we can adopt that as a target dose
across all of our applications. But it will depend on data.

Hartaj Singh
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Great. And then question on the...

Stephen Hoge
President

No. Go ahead, David.

David W. Meline
CFO & Principal Accounting Officer

Yes. So cost of goods and operating expense trends as in '22 and beyond. I guess what I'd say is it's a
little early to start giving that kind of guidance for 2022. What I would say is that, if you look at our cost
of goods and the cost of goods manufacturing thus far, we've been quite pleased with what we're seeing
as we've ramped up production initially here in the U.S. We've seen, as I said, yields have been better
than we'd foreseen as we did the initial planning. So that's obviously very helpful.

And we reiterated today We think right now, the right planning assumption continues to be 20% cost of
goods. As you move beyond '21, you get into a question of vaccines versus therapeutics. We think cost of
goods manufactured will be very competitive for this product. And therefore, margins and gross margins
will depend very much on price levels, which I think it's early to comment on.

And then in terms of operating expenses, we are building out the company. We continue to do that.
And as I mentioned, we -- while our overall operating expenses were quite stable at $0.5 billion in the
first quarter. We do see that trending up as we now move through the year. And we'll continue to invest
appropriately to drive the portfolio investment and to build out globally. So I would say we'll continue to do
that. And we'll give you better and more precise guidance here as we move closer to '22 and beyond.

Operator

Your next response is from Joseph Stringer with Needham & Company.

Joseph Robert Stringer
Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division

Just another one on manufacturing capacity there. As you potentially move to next-generation COVID
vaccines. Just wondering if you could give us a sense, maybe even qualitatively in terms of the -- given
the modularity of the technology, what a potential manufacturing ramp would look like for some of the
second-gen vaccines in terms of manufacturing capacity and the ramp relative to what we had seen with
-1273.

Stephane Bancel
CEO & Director

Yes. It's Stephane. So the -1273 ramp has been constrained by manufacturing capacity. So if you look
at this year, the only -- we "only supply 100 million" to those in Q1, which is an extraordinary number is
because we are building the capacity. And so the way to think about it is, as Corinne and her team are

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

MODERNA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

working out to add new lines and to increase the capacity, the ramps of follow-on products will be much
faster because today, manufacturing is slowing down the ramp. So I anticipate that as you think about the
multivalent booster launches, as you think about RSV to CMV launch, we will not be on the back foot.

As you know, as part of our 2020 budget that we did at the end of 2019, we did not plan for pandemic. We
were supposed to be commercial several years down the road. And so the team has done a remarkable
job to get to this point, but we are -- and we're going to stay for, I would anticipate all over year supply
constrained.

Corinne and her team would love to be able to sell more product because trust me, their phone is turning
red hot by calls from around the planet and would love to be able to help protect more people, but we
just can't because we were not planning a pandemic in 2020. So I anticipate that for variants and for new
product launch, we will make sure that we are not capacity constrained, which is why the 3 billion supply
volume that some people might think is maybe too aggressive.

As I said in my remarks, the pipeline of the company is also going to pay with this. And so it is just behind
the multivalent vaccine. So if you look at a couple of years out, and we're not building manufacturing for 6
months. We're going to be really happy to have that capacity so as we launch product. We can supply the
market every single dose that Corinne and her team can make sure that the market wants.

Operator

Your next response is from Mani Foroohar with SVB Leerink.

Mani Foroohar
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

One quick one sort of on financials. You gave a little clarity on CapEx investments around expanding
capacity reduction. Should we think of that level setting CapEx is going to be forward with a modest
increase going forward? Or should we be thinking of that as primarily a onetime build-out?

And then secondarily, you've given a little bit of clarity -- and there's a lot of clarity around COGS for this
quarter versus rest of the year. Going forward, so we think about the absolute COGS per unit again pretty
linearly related to dose. Or are there other attributes, royalties, et cetera, differences in products used
between different vaccines, would that suggest if that's not the right way to think about it.

David W. Meline
CFO & Principal Accounting Officer

Yes. So CapEx, if I understand the question is guidance for '22 and beyond on CapEx. And again,
unfortunately, it's a bit early to be able to comment. We -- if you look now, we've increased our guidance
for this year based on the developments that have occurred over the last couple of months. Is that a
steady state going forward into the future?

I think for a company of what will be our size and scope and level of vertical integration, I think it's
reasonable to expect that we'll continue to invest in our own capacity. And therefore, you can expect we'll
have ongoing CapEx. Is it precisely in this range or somewhat above or below? I really wouldn't want to
give you that precision as of yet because we're -- it's not that clear yet. But I think an ongoing CapEx
trend will be appropriate for the company.

In terms of the COGS, I think that's the right way to think about the cost of manufacturing this product. It
will be impacted at some level by the amount of materials in the product. But when you're talking about
micrograms of materials, it's really not that significant. So I think you can -- as the simplest assumption
assume, it's a pretty steady cost of manufacture as we're seeing right now.

Mani Foroohar
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Great. And a quick follow-up on some of the contracting. I know it's been asked in various forms. You
talked about the OUS manufacturing being about 1/4-ish behind U.S. manufacturing. Right now, based

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

MODERNA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

on your disclosures on volume dose, those are delivered versus what we have from the other mRNA
competitor in duopoly right now.

Market share for you guys is somewhere between 5% and 10% and a lot of these countries until you
deliver doses. How do you think about catch-up on manufacturing and deliveries and how that influences
the ongoing contracting for next year, i.e., does your stronger incumbent position in the U.S. suggest you
are better positioned for U.S. contracting volume?

Or do you think 2021, the results for 2021 contracting have nothing to do with 2022 and every year is a
whole new game between you, too?

Stephane Bancel
CEO & Director

Yes. It's a good question. So as we said, the plan was always -- the plan we're executing on. And so when
we spoke to countries and set up those 21 APAs. we managed the quarter delivery to the countries as we
knew capacity would come online. We had not anticipated early parts of the year that we will be able to
export from the U.S. And the piece we should not forget is, as you know, it's reported in the media daily,
the U.S. is going to be having way too many vaccines very, very soon, if not already.

And so the capacity that we are building in the U.S. and we're adding is also going to supply the world. So
I think one should anticipate a very big acceleration of shipments to countries outside the U.S. as we go
into Q2 and even more in Q3 and Q4 as we meet our obligation to the U.S. government.

Mani Foroohar
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

Great. That's really helpful. And could you guys comment on where you are -- what you're seeing in the
real world in terms of vaccine hesitant/end market demand. There's been a couple of media reports that,
that's starting to be more of a limiting factor as opposed to supply, at least in the U.S. currently, certainly
not globally.

Stephane Bancel
CEO & Director

Correct. In the U.S., and you see it on the daily numbers probably by the CDC people, I think, since mid-
April roughly, the number of vaccinations per day in the country is going down. And it is not because of
supply. If you look at the shipments coming from the companies, they keep increasing exactly as we have
been saying.

And so now there's an oversupply of vaccine. It's very demand-driven problem now. So you see some
states across the country that are still very active in vaccination. And we are looking -- as we said,
that very high rates of vaccination is going up every day. There are other parts of the country, as you
know, where they have way too many vaccines. As you have heard that the federal government, I think
yesterday or the day before, has announced that they we were going to start to shift products from one
state to the other based on actual demand and it really need to vaccinate the [ discrepancy ].

The U.S. doesn't have a supply of vaccine issue anymore. That was true in January. It is not true anymore.

Operator

Your next response is from Simon Baker with Redburn.

Simon P. Baker
Redburn (Europe) Limited, Research Division

Firstly, just going back to the debate around IP waivers. Stephane, as you said that the talk of IP waivers
rather misses the point about limited global manufacturing capacity. So to sort of support that, given that
you announced you would literally waive IP enforcement back in October. To your knowledge, has any
company in the following 7 months sought to exercise that freedom to operate?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

MODERNA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

And also sticking with the vaccine, going back to Slide 28. Do you have data on T cell response over that
6- to 8-month period post primary vaccination for -1273.

And then just a quick question on the financials. David, I think you mentioned that -- in the SG&A in Q1,
there were some costs related to effectively start-up of good supply. I just wondered if you could give us
any color on the nonrecurring one-off elements of SG&A in Q1 as we think about evolution across the year.

Stephane Bancel
CEO & Director

Thank you so much. I'll take the first one on IP and Stephen will take the T cell and David the financials.

So I'm not aware of any company of size that is going after [ Moderna ]. Again, going back to what I
described. One would have first to figure out how to make -- managing IP before asking the regulators
to start the clinical study. And that doesn't happen quickly. We are monitoring the field very closely as we
always have. But at this stage, happy that this is really not the point that will impact. Of course, '21 is
possible, but even '22. Stephen, on T cell.

Stephen Hoge
President

So the data we have from today is the initial analysis on the boosters. We are -- as we previously
announced, we've been looking at a study ourselves and with the NIH. They are running a primary
series vaccination study and also looking at other elements. And so we will perhaps get T cell data in
the midterm. But at this point, we do not have any T cell data yet on the boosters. We do have ongoing
studies with NIH on -- in general, our Phase I and our own Phase II. And if it becomes important in the
future, we can obviously look at T cell responses with waning immunity out 6, 12 months in those studies
as well.

We don't have a specific plan to do that at this point. But we are pretty encouraged by the historical
correlation between our previously reported T cell data and public T cell data and the neutralizing titers
that are obviously much easier to measure over time across a wider range of subjects in T cells. And
David?

David W. Meline
CFO & Principal Accounting Officer

Yes. So in terms of the expenses we incurred in the first quarter, including in commercial, yes, we had
some onetime expenses to set up businesses around the world. But the preponderance of the total
operating expenses, including in commercial, I would say, will continue. And therefore, that's why I gave
you some guidance that, if you start at that $0.5 billion spend level in the first quarter and the fourth
of last year, we're expecting now to see that trend up notably, as we move forward through the year,
which we thought it would start sooner, but we now expect we'll start in the second quarter. So running a
business of this size on a global basis, we think that, that spend level is quite reasonable, to be honest.

Operator

I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back over to
Stephane Bancel.

Stephane Bancel
CEO & Director

Thank you so much for participating in to this call and for the great questions. We look forward to seeing
you at Times Day on May 27. Stay safe, everybody. Have a nice day. Bye.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You have a
wonderful day, and you may all disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

MODERNA, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

26

