Molson Coors Beverage Company 

NYSE:TAP
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 11, 2021 4:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.77

0.40

(48.05 %)

0.33

4.17

3.92

(6.00 %)

4.22

2406.07

2294.30

(4.65 %)

2156.79

9775.79

-

(1.25 %)

10208.45

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-08-2021 8:30 AM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.33

0.64

1.02

0.77

0.35

1.56

1.62

0.40

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

SURPRISE

6.06 %

143.75 %

58.82 %

(48.05 %)

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Greg Tierney
Vice President of SP&A and
Investor Relations

Tracey I. Joubert
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Bonnie Lee Herzog
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

Christopher Michael Carey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Kojo Boateng Achiampong
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Laurent Daniel Grandet
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Sean Roberts King
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020
Earnings Conference Call. You could find related slides on the Investor Relations page of the Molson Coors'
website.

Our speakers for today's call are Gavin Hattersley, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tracey
Joubert, Chief Financial Officer. Please note that this event is being recorded.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Greg Tierney, Vice President of FP&A and Investor Relations. Mr.
Tierney, please go ahead.

Greg Tierney
Vice President of SP&A and Investor Relations

Thank you, operator, and hello, everyone. Following prepared remarks from Gavin and Tracey, we'll take
your questions. [Operator Instructions] If you have a technical questions on the quarter, please take them
up with our IR team in the days and the weeks to follow.

Today's discussions include forward-looking statements, and actual results or trends could differ
materially from our forecasts. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our most
recent filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements, and GAAP
reconciliations for any non-U.S. GAAP measures are included in our news release or otherwise available on
our website. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the
comparable prior year period and in U.S. dollars.

And with that, over to you, Gavin.

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Greg, and thank you all for joining us today. 2020 was an incredibly challenging year for
everyone, Molson Coors included. But in many respects, I consider us lucky. The revitalization plan we
put in place in October of 2019 positioned our company well to weather the storms of 2020. Our business
was leaner and more nimble, which put us in a better position to conserve resources as the circumstances
dictated and to deploy them effectively as the circumstances allowed. And the results bear that out.

When you consider what we set out to do under our revitalization plan, we accomplished an incredible
amount in 2020, and that has given us a tremendous springboard for 2021. Our 2 largest brands, Coors
Light and Miller Lite, our iconic core, grew 6.1% and 8.6% in the U.S. off-premise, respectively. Our above
premium brands in the U.S. reached a record high percentage of the portfolio in the second half of 2020.

Beyond beer, our first follow into nonalcoholic cannabis beverages through the trust joint venture has
netted the #1 dollar share spot in the entire Canadian cannabis beverage market. We increased our
production capacity for our fast-growing seltzers by approximately 400%, and we approximately doubled
our annual investments in our hometown communities. That is the story of Molson Coors in 2020.

Now you may be wondering why I have such confidence, especially if you only look at our consolidated top
line results in the fourth quarter. But that number alone does not tell the full story. If you only look at that
piece of data, you'll miss it. Our top line results in the fourth quarter were overwhelmingly due to losses
resulting from government restrictions in the European on-premise channel.

To put it more bluntly, Europe alone accounts for 92% of our fourth quarter top line decline. But those
results are not reflective of the performance we've seen across the rest of the business. And the story is
very different in our largest market. And how different? In the fourth quarter, Molson Coors grew net sales

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

revenue in the United States. We grew the top line in the United States. Our plan is working. So let's look
deeper at our results in 2020 and what we have in store for 2021.

Our first pillar under the revitalization plan was to build on the strength of our iconic core. In the U.S., our
largest beers, Coors Light and Miller Lite, delivered 6.1% and 8.6% expected growth in the off premise. It
again grew share in the premium light beer segment, and they finished 2020 with stronger brand health.
We're pleased but not satisfied with those results.

So in 2021, we are going to put even more marketing behind these 2 iconic brands. And we're
thinking big, as you may have noticed around the big game last weekend. And again, I want to point
something out here. We are demonstrating our ability to grow in seltzers and expand beyond beer while
strengthening our core brands. We are demonstrating we can do both.

The revitalization plan was specifically designed to free up resources so we can meaningfully invest
behind our core, our growth in above premium and our expansion beyond beer. In the second half of
2020, above premium products hit a record higher portion of our U.S. portfolio relative to any prior year
comparable period. We doubled our share of seltzers in the U.S. moving towards our double-digit share
goal by the end of this year. Vizzy has been a top 10 growth brand for nearly 6 straight months. But this
incredible growth has been accomplished with basically just 1 pack. But in a few weeks, we plan to add
more firepower to that brand with a second variety pack. And a few weeks later, we plan to launch Vizzy
Lemonade, a lineup we believe is tailor-made for Vizzy given its unique antioxidant vitamin C attributes.

And we are excited about the opportunity for Coors Seltzer, which launched at the end of September. We
are seeing promising signs, including repeat rates that are stronger than Bud Light seltzer and Corona
seltzer at the same point during their launch.

In 2021, we have strong plans to accelerate marketing support behind Coors Seltzer as well as its
commitment to help save Americas' rivers. And that's just the beginning. We are about to launch Topo
Chico Hard Seltzer, which is getting a lot of attention from retailers and distributors alike. Topo Chico
mineral water is beloved in the biggest markets throughout the United Spaces, especially in Texas, a high
potential market. Quickly on [ uphills ], we plan to bring Topo Chico ranch water to market. And again,
we see this brand is best positioned to take advantage of the ranch water craze that has been inspired by
Topo Chico mineral water enthusiasts, mixing up ranch water at home. And still to come is Proof Point, our
first spirited seltzer.

When all 4 seltzers are in market later this spring, we believe we will boast the strongest, most
differentiated seltzer lineup in the United States. And while we started behind others in the United States,
in Canada and Europe, we are early entrants in the hard seltzer category. In the next couple of weeks, we
are taking both Vizzy and Coors Seltzer into Canada.

In Europe, building on an existing brand partnership already in markets, the launch of our own threefold
brand seltzer is planned for March, and we will be leading the development of the category across Central
and Eastern Europe with an owned brand in the second quarter.

In above premium beers, we have high expectations for Blue Moon LightSky, which ended 2020 as the
#1 new beer in the United States per Nielsen. We've expanded its production capacity by approximately
400%. We're putting more marketing muscle behind it, and we believe this is a brand that's going to
continue to rise for quite some time.

Our regional craft portfolio in the United States grew 17% for Nielsen in 2020, outpacing the craft
segment once again. And next month, we will be taking Hop Valley national in the U.S. and Canada. It's
our first national IPO, we believe it will be another driver of growth for our above premium portfolio. And
do not forget about Yuengling. This formed a newly formed joint venture plans to bring Yuengling to one
of America's biggest beer drinking states, Texas. The reception has already been incredible, and there is
significant upside potential with Yuengling as the joint venture begins its Westwood expansion.

At the beginning of last year, we changed our name to the Molson Coors Beverage Company, and it
wasn't just worse. By the end of the year, our non alc strategy came into focus, repiloting our own brands
with our partner, L.A. Libations, we've taken equity investments in other opportunities, including 2 with

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

legendary non alc innovator Lance Collins, we signed distribution agreements to enter the fast-growing
spaces like RTD coffee with La Colombe and energy drinks with ZOA through our new energy drink
partnership with the leadership team led by Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson.

ZOA is getting very positive reaction from retailers and distributors. The Rock isn't just putting his name
on this. He's personally making calls to retailers, and we're bringing that to market this spring. We think
ZOA could be a game changer in the energy drink space.

Truss Canada, our Canadian cannabis joint venture with HEXO, launched their beverage portfolio in
August. And by December, they jumped to the #1 dollar share position with 4 of the top 5 cannabis
beverage SKUs in Canada. And Truss U.S.A. is building on that through their first lineup of hemp-derived
CBD beverages in Colorado which entered the market in December. We are learning a lot about the
exciting category following the launch.

This entire lineup is a tremendous growth opportunity for our business. It will be a driving force behind our
goal to build our emerging growth division into a $1 billion revenue business by 2023. And as a reminder,
that ambition does not include our hard seltzers. And we recently announced our first entry into the fast-
growing RTD cocktail space through an exclusive equity and distribution agreement with Superbird and
above premium tequila-based Paloma.

Last year, we also made major investments to help our business grow the top line. We invested in
our e-commerce capabilities all around the globe with more staff and more robust digital capabilities.
And it paid off last year with 230% growth in e-commerce in the U.S. alone. We expanded our seltzer
production capacity by approximately 400%. And we also expanded our LightSky production capacity by
approximately 400%. We completed a sleek can production line capable of manufacturing approximately
750 million sleek cans annually.

And on the topic of cans, I'm really pleased to say that our packaging material supply has vastly improved
with glass bottles, paperboard and tall cans with all returning to normal material availability. In fact, our
Coors Light can inventory is higher than it was at this point last year. And our industry standard can supply
is improving. We have sourced cans from 4 continents and work closely with our suppliers to keep up with
a very high rate of consumer demand, and we expect to return to normal material availability by the end
of this quarter. We will continue investing in our capabilities throughout the year as we work to grow our
ability to produce higher-margin above premium products.

Last but certainly not least, is how we are supporting our people and our communities. This one is
particularly important to me. When I took over as CEO, I made it clear that I want Molson Coors as a
people-first culture. And that approach guided our decision-making throughout the last year. The work in
this space is never done, but we are making important progress.

Last summer, we set a goal of increasing the representation among people of color in the United States
by 25% by the end of 2023 across the country among salaried employees and in leadership positions,
each where market availability shows we have room for improvement. We have made progress towards
that goal, and we expect to continue to do so. We also increased our support for organizations dedicated
to equality, empowerment, racial justice and community building and provided nearly 3 million meals to
families in our hometown community struggling with food and security.

But we must do more. So today, I'm proud to announce that not only will we recommit to matching last
year's investments in our communities, we have also committed to spend a total of $1 billion with diverse
suppliers over the next 3 years. This is a commitment that benefits all of us. A wider base with talented
suppliers with different backgrounds and life experiences will be a benefit to our company. And the diverse
suppliers who earn our business will be able to turn in -- in turn, hire more talented employees into their
businesses.

Last summer, we said that Molson Coors' response to addressing racial injustice would not just be a
moment in time. Passing things, set aside and forgotten as other priorities took over. That would be
unacceptable. Our commitment to investing in our communities and striving for equal opportunity for all
people will not fade.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Even with the unforeseeable challenges of last year, we built on the strength of our iconic core. The
second half of 2020, we achieved a record high portion of our U.S. portfolio and above premium products.
We expanded beyond the beer aisle. We invested in our capabilities. We supported our people and our
communities, and we are not about to stop now.

When I took over this role, I told you that we would plan and invest to grow our top line. We're going
to follow through on this, and we're on the pathway there. Folks, this is our revitalization plan in action.
I know there have been questions about whether or not we can execute all of this, but no one has to
wonder any longer. We are doing it right now today.

And now I'll turn it over to Tracey, who can provide you with more detail on our financial performance and
our outlook for 2021. Trace?

Tracey I. Joubert
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Gavin, and hello, everyone. The coronavirus pandemic had a significant impact on our 2020
financial performance, primarily due to the on-premise restrictions and lockdowns. Our Europe business
was the most impacted, particularly in the U.K. where our business skews heavily towards the on-premise
and drove revenue and EBITDA declines in both the fourth quarter and for the full year 2020.

In fact, Europe, which accounted for only 15% of our revenue in 2020, contributed to 61% of revenue
decline and 83% of our EBITDA decline for the year. And 92% of the revenue decline and 56% of our
EBITDA decline for the fourth quarter. Despite these incredible challenges in 2020, we are proud of our
resilience and the financial performance as we have navigated through this unprecedented time.

Now let me take you through our full year performance, and then I'll touch on our quarterly results before
moving on to our outlook. Recapping the year, consolidated net sales revenue decreased 8.7% in constant
currency, of which North America was down 4.3%, while Europe was down 28.4% on a constant currency
basis.

While we delivered net pricing growth in North America and Europe as well as positive brand and package
mix in the U.S., this was more than offset by volume declines and unfavorable channel mix, principally
driven by varying degrees of on-premise restrictions throughout much of the year due to the coronavirus
pandemic, which also drove packaging material constraints due to the unprecedented can demand. Brand
volumes declined 7.8% and financial volumes declined 8.9%.

North American shipment trends improved in the second half of the year as certain packaging material
constraints ease and rebuilt distributor inventory. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis grew
1.1% in constant currency due to pricing growth in North America and Europe as well as positive brand
and package mix in the U.S. The success of our above premium innovations, including Vizzy, Blue Moon
LightSky and Coors Seltzer, help drive U.S. net sales per hectoliter up 2.3% for the year.

Underlying COGS per hectoliter increased 2.8% on a constant currency basis, driven by cost inflation,
including higher transportation costs, volume deleverage and mixed impact from premiumization in
North America, partially offset by cost savings. Higher can sourcing costs in North America contributed
to the higher cost inflation. After the onset of the coronavirus pandemic, we aggressively began sourcing
additional aluminum cans from all over the world to support our core brands to address unprecedented
off famous demand. Also, we saw a tightening of the freight market throughout the year, which has led to
higher transportation costs.

Underlying MG&A decreased 9.9% on a constant currency basis as we quickly took action, pivoting spend
away from the areas impacted by the coronavirus pandemic particularly live entertainment events and
sporting events due to shortened or delayed season, such as the delayed start of the NHL season into
2021.

In the second half of the year, we began to progressively increase marketing spend, particularly in social
and TV media, stepping up support behind our new innovations, such as Vizzy, Blue Moon LightSky and
Coors Seltzer in alignment with additional supply coming online as well as continuing to support our core

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Coors Light, Miller Lite and other iconic core brands. MG&A declines were also driven by targeted cost
mitigation actions and significant cost savings in the first year of our revitalization cost savings program.

In aggregate, we delivered approximately $270 million across MG&A and cost of goods sold, facing us on
track to meet our $600 million target in total gross savings. These reductions were offset by innovation
spend and cycling lower incentive compensation and a nonrecurring vendor benefit in the prior year, which
we referenced last quarter.

As a result, underlying EBITDA decreased 10% on a constant currency basis. Underlying free cash flow
was $1.3 billion for the year, a decrease of $104 million from the prior year driven by lower underlying
EBITDA and higher cash taxes, partially offset by favorable working capital. The working capital benefit
was driven by the deferral of approximately $150 million in tax payments from various government funds
or payment deferral programs related to the coronavirus pandemic, of which we currently anticipate the
majority to be paid in 2021 as they become due.

Capital expenditures incurred were $550 million for the year. With improved liquidity and strong cash
management, we were able to accelerate certain investments in expanding our production capacity and
capabilities to support new innovations and growth initiatives.

In addition to the strong free cash flow performance, we made tremendous strides in improving our
financial flexibility, including continuing to pay down debt, favorably amending our U.S. revolving credit
facility and suspending our dividend in May for the remainder of 2020. We reduced our net debt position
by $1.1 billion in 2020 and reduced our trailing 12-month net debt to underlying EBITDA ratio to 3.5x as
we remain committed to maintaining our investment-grade rating.

Now let's discuss the fourth quarter, where, again, Europe, due to the on-premise lockdown, had a
significant and disproportionately negative impact on our results. Consolidated net sales revenue declined
8.3% in constant currency, principally due to financial volume declines as a result of the on-premise
restrictions, along with corresponding negative channel mix partially offset by net pricing growth in North
America and Europe as well as positive brand and package mix in the U.S.

North America net sales revenue was down 1% in constant currency. However, in the U.S., despite
increased on-premise restrictions and aluminum can supply constraints, we delivered net sales revenue
growth of 1.9% in the quarter. And we continue to build distributor inventory in the U.S., with brand
volumes down 6.2% compared to domestic shipment declines of 2.3%. Growth in the U.S. business was
more than offset by lower volumes and negative mix in Canada and to a lesser degree, Latin America as a
result of the on-premise restrictions.

In Europe, net sales revenue was down 39.4% in constant currency, driven by volume declines and
negative mix due to increased on-premise restrictions with the most meaningful in the U.K., which
experienced a return to almost total on-premise lockdown for November and the historically strong month
of December. And with the subdued nature of many festive celebrations during the fourth quarter, we did
not see a big shift of volume into the off premise.

Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 3.7% in constant currency, reflecting net
pricing growth in North America and Europe, more than offsetting the negative mix effects of the various
market dynamics and consumer shifts caused by the coronavirus pandemic. In the U.S., net sales per
hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 4.2%, driven by favorable sales mix from new innovations
and strong net pricing growth. While in Europe, net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis decreased
8.2% due to unfavorable mix, particularly driven by the higher-margin U.K. business, which more than
offset pricing increases.

Underlying cost per hectoliter increased 6.4% on a constant currency basis, as we saw a greater impact
on freight inflation and U.S. mix premiumization in Q4 compared to the full year. MG&A in the quarter
increased 5.8% on a constant currency basis, due to higher planned marketing spend to support our core
brands and key innovations as well as spike in lower incentive compensation and a nonrecurring vendor
benefit in the fourth quarter of 2019. This was partially offset by cost savings and lower discretionary

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

spend. As a result, underlying EBITDA decreased 33.6% on a constant currency basis, disproportionately
driven by Europe.

Given the length and severity of the impacts of the coronavirus pandemic on our Europe business as well
as the protracted recovery currently expected in certain on-premise markets, we recognized a goodwill
impairment charge of $1.5 billion in our Europe segment. We also recognized a $39.6 million of asset
impairment charges in our North American segment. These charges are noncash and are not included in
underlying results.

So this takes me to our financial outlook. As you may recall, on March 27 of last year, we withdrew our
guidance due to the uncertainty driven by the coronavirus pandemic. While uncertainty remains, in an
effort to help enhance visibility, we have determined to reinstate our practice of providing guidance.
We have also determined to adjust the metrics provided, which includes adding guidance for net sales
revenues, a metric which aligns with our revitalization plan goals for driving top line growth as well as net
debt to underlying EBITDA leverage ratio given our commitment to remaining investment grade.

We are very proud of our performance and agility in navigating the coronavirus pandemic and executing
against our revitalization plan, but recognize that headwinds remain. The pandemic continues to impact
our business due to on-premise losses across all our geographies and disproportionately so in Europe as
well as Canada. We expect these domestic shipment trends in the U.S. to continue to be higher than brand
volume trends in the third quarter as we continue to build inventories heading into the peak season.

For the year, we maintain our annual goal of shipping to consumption in the U.S. In Europe, we continue
to experience significant lockdowns and expect third quarter volumes will be materially impacted versus
the prior year period, similar to what was experienced in the fourth quarter of 2020.

For 2021, we expect to deliver mid-single-digit net sales revenue growth. 2021 is intended to be a year
of investment as we continue to deliver our revitalization plan and drive towards long-term growth. This
entails increasing year-over-year marketing spend to build on the strength of our core brands and support
our successful 2020 launches, including Blue Moon LightSky, Vizzy and Coors Seltzer and new innovations
to come as well as investing in further expanding our capabilities to drive productivity and efficiencies.

We expect significant increases in spend beginning in the second quarter versus the prior year comparable
quarter. While we continue to expect revitalization plan savings as I discussed, given this increased
investment, along with cost headwinds related to higher inflation, including transportation costs and
continued premiumization of our portfolio, we anticipate 2021 underlying EBITDA to be approximately flat
compared to the prior year. We anticipate underlying depreciation and amortization of $800 million, net
interest expense of $270 million, plus or minus 5% and an effective tax rate in the range of 20% to 23%.

We entered 2021 with greatly improved financial flexibility, better enabling us to not only continue to
invest in our business, but to continue to pay down debt and return cash to shareholders in 2021. As I
mentioned, we significantly reduced our net debt position by $1.1 billion in 2020 and reduced our leverage
ratio to 3.5x as of December 31, 2020.

We are proud of this progress and are establishing a target net debt to underlying EBITDA ratio of
approximately 3.25x by the end of 2021 and below 3x by the end of 2022.

And we currently anticipate that our Board of Directors will be in a position to reinstate a dividend in the
second half of this year. We are doing all of this while continuing our commitment to maintaining anytime
upgrading our investment-grade rating.

Given the operating environment, we are pleased with our 2020 financial performance, which underscores
our strong progress against our revitalization plans and the resilience of our company and our people
who have united to successfully navigate and overcome challenges posed by the coronavirus pandemic.
While these challenges have created some near-term fluctuations in financial and operating results, we are
confident we're on the right path of driving towards long-term revenue and underlying EBITDA growth. We
look forward to updating you on our continued progress.
So with that, we look forward to taking your questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.

Kojo Boateng Achiampong
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

It's actually Kojo on for Andrea. Just at a high level, we're just wondering if you could provide a little bit of
color on how depletions have trended quarter-to-date in both North America and Europe.

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Look, we don't provide guidance on -- in month depletions. Lots of ups and downs. But from a European
point of view, as Tracey said in her opening remarks, the on-premise remains in lockdown. And so we
expect the first quarter volumes in Europe and particularly in the United Kingdom to be challenged.

From a U.S. point of view, the lockdowns remain, although it does vary from state to state. And we do see
a loosening of on-premise restrictions, both in North America and in Europe as we progress into Q2 and
further on into the year. From a supply point of view, just reiterate my comments in the script that our
Coors Light can suppliers much improved and our inventory levels are actually higher than they were at
the same time last year. So we're well positioned to take advantage of the brand health strength of Coors
Light.

Operator

Next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Great. I wanted to spend some time on Europe, just given the impact in the quarter. So obviously, pretty
challenging, both from a revenue and profitability perspective. Understanding of the impairment charge
is noncash. It naturally signals a less confident outlook and ability to return to levels of profitability,
perhaps you previously thought, at least within a reasonable amount of time when you're doing the
discounted cash flow model. So Gavin, it would be good to get your updated views on your outlook for this
business, strategic fit within the portfolio and how you're thinking about the cost structure given this less
constructive outlook.

And then, Tracey, for you, relatedly, not to get too much in the weeds with this, but I'm just trying to
understand the margins in the quarter. So the top line pressure in the second quarter was worse than the
fourth, but the margin performance was clearly a lot more pressured. The decremental margins in the
second quarter about 25%, closer to 60% in the fourth quarter. It just seemed like there is a better ability
to sort of flex down MG&A in the second quarter than there was in the fourth. I think it would be useful for
folks if you could maybe spend a little bit of time on that.

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Kevin. I'll talk about Europe and performance specifically. Look, I mean, the on-premise
restrictions in Q4 were fairly draconian. There was somewhat of a scatter gun approach across Europe,
which has made a little harder for us to plan and react to, particularly on the cost line. And then when you
compare Q4 versus Q2, the impact for Q4 was particularly pronounced because December has historically
been a very strong month for the on-premise in the U.K. given the holidays. And of course, you can't
be outdoors that much comfortably in the fourth quarter as much as you can be in the second quarter.
It's also a seasonally lower trading period in Central and Eastern Europe. So we saw similar declines in
the second and fourth quarters from a volume perspective, but the on-premise restrictions in the second
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

quarter were more uniform. So it made it easier for us to plan. Certainly, the lockdowns, as I said earlier,
have continued into the first quarter.

We did make some conscious decisions in Q4, Kevin, to invest behind our core brands, not only in the
United States but also in Europe and in particular, in Central Europe. We've got some strong brand --
strong and healthy brands, and we wanted to make sure we positioned ourselves for sustainable recovery
in 2021. So that explains why the MG&A in Europe was a little higher than you might have been expecting.
We were investing behind our brands. What else is the question there?

Tracey I. Joubert
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Kevin did ask about the strategic outlook.

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Oh, okay. Yes. Look, I mean, Kevin, our top priority as a company as a whole is to make sure that we
emerge strong coming out of the pandemic when the on-premise returns to more normalized levels, and
this includes Europe, which we continue to view as a strategic asset.

Tracey I. Joubert
Chief Financial Officer

Kevin, if I can just jump in on the margins. So yes, in Europe in Q4, we focused our marketing investment
on specific brands and markets where we have capacity, and we needed to ensure that we were
competitive in context of share of voice and brand health metrics. And so the investments that we made
in Q4 in Europe were to support the ongoing performance of our national champion brands and our
premiumization. And then also just to note, we were cycling comparatively much lighter spend in Q4 of
2019 in Central Europe. So that would account for some of the margin differences.

Operator

The next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala from Crédit Suisse.

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Can you talk a bit about your expectations for the on-premise for 2021 as it relates to what you've
incorporated into your into your guidance? And what sort of -- and specifically to the U.S., at what rate do
you expect it to recover? How much does that contribute to your numbers?

And then if you could also maybe help us with mechanically, what that means for your business. I believe
your shares are higher off-premise. We kind of know that over the course of 2020, large pack sizes started
-- took a larger degree of share from the rest of what was being sold at food retail, that obviously will look
very different when we get to an on-premise, a more normalized on-premise environment. So is that a net
-- are you a net share beneficiary as the on-premise turns back on? Does it work the opposite direction? If
you could help us with some details there, that would be helpful.

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Kaumil. Yes, a lot in there. Let me try and give you some context. Obviously, the reality is the
situation remains fluid in various markets by market. In the third quarter of last year, we did see some on-
premise reopenings pretty much across the board in the countries in which we operate. And during the
fourth quarter, we saw a return to much more severe on-premise restrictions as most countries went back
into strict lockdowns, and there was no benefit of outdoor dining given the climate. In terms of our major
markets in the U.K., the government operated a tiered system of restrictions in October, and then they
followed that up with a national lockdown in November. They've returned to a tiered system in December,
but pretty much the U.K. is locked down as we speak.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

In North America, Canada was particularly impacted more than the U.S. from a lockdown point of view, it
was a stricter lockdown. And then we really did see varied pictures across the United States, depending on
which state. So from an on-premise performance point of view in the United States, it's been fairly, fairly
stable for a while now. There's no big spike up or down.

In terms of market share, we think that the consumer moving to big and trusted brands will benefit us in
all the markets in which we operate and where we have seen reopenings, we've seen that play through
from a market share point of view. So I think we will be net beneficiaries when that takes place. I mean,
obviously, in our above premium portfolio, we were very pleased with our performance in above premium
in the fourth quarter, and that's in the face of Blue Moon and Peroni, which is strong on-premise brands
being obviously challenged because of the lack of on-premise. And we expect that when the on-premise
comes back more fully, that those 2 brands will be big beneficiaries of it.

If you look at the U.K., which is our largest -- which is the market which has the largest on-premise
exposure, we've demonstrated a sustained track record of growing our share in the on-premise in the U.K.
Well, for at least 5 years pre pandemic, we've grown our share in the on-premise as we've driven to be
first choice for our customers. In fact, just learned this week that we were #1 again with our customers in
the Net Promoter Score survey across the trade in 2020.

So we've got contracts to supply, many of our competitors in both the retail and wholesale models. Our
customers value the service that we bring through our own brands and also our wholesale brands. And so
we believe we're well positioned to gain share in the U.K. market when it reopens. I think I got all your
questions there, Kaumil.

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Yes, you did. And it was probably unfair. It was a lot of questions in one. If I can -- so I'd ask just a
follow-up on the portfolio. And maybe your best guess, you've announced a series of deals over the last
number of months. If you were to maybe give us an -- can you give a best guess of what your portfolio
breakdown is likely to look at -- look like by the end of the year. Is it still likely to be about 2/3 premium
lights followed by high end, and I don't know how much non alc will be as part of it. But maybe just give
some idea of, if we put all of these deals together, how your portfolio may look different as we move
forward with the rollouts of these products in the next 12 months?

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Let me try and give you some color there, Kaumil. Obviously, we've been very clear about the objective
in our revitalization plan of driving our above premium portfolio and our beyond beer portfolio. Almost
all of the deals we've done come at above premium margins. So that was 2 of the 5 focus areas in our
revitalization plan that we announced in October of 2019, and we're going to continue building on that.
You could see the results of that in both the third quarter and the fourth quarter with a positive mix, which
we generated. We generated another quarter above 200 basis points of positive mix, which is continuing
to reflect our growth and performance in above premium. For Nielsen, we actually grew share of above
premium despite the on-premise challenges, which brands like Blue Moon and Peroni have experienced.

We think that yes, we obviously put out the ambition of getting to $1 billion revenue for our emerging
growth division, which is going to require that many of our partnerships that we've just announced, like
our ZOA partnership, La Colombe and so on are successful. And they're coming off a standing start of 0
because we didn't have them before.

I'd also point you to the fact that we actually grew the top line in the very market where concerns have
been expressed about our ability to execute. We grew the top line in the fourth quarter despite all these
deals that we've done and the challenges that we faced. And we're going to build on that in 2021. There is
a lot of excitement from retail and from our distributors with the deals that we've done particularly brands
like ZOA and Topo Chico, a lot of excitement, and that will continue to improve our above premium mix.
Hope that's helpful.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Operator

The next question comes from Sean King with UBS.

Sean Roberts King
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I guess my question is, with hard seltzer becoming a larger portion of the mix and I guess the growth
story going forward, can you discuss, I guess, the gross margin profile of that business for you and how
that could change over time?

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Now the hard seltzer has been a very strong growth category. We believe that's going to continue in
2021, and we're excited about our opportunity for hard seltzers. We think we've got one of the strongest
portfolios of hard seltzers with each brand having a very unique perspective on the category. So by the
time that we have all 4 of our hard seltzers in markets this year, we think it's differentiated. It provides a
differentiated offering for our consumers, and I think we're well placed.

Seltzers do operate at the upper end of the above premium price points and therefore, operate at the sort
of upper end of our margin structure. We don't give it out publicly specifically, but you can be assured that
it's high.

Operator

The next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo.

Christopher Michael Carey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I guess just conceptually, trying to understand how you think about the off-premise channel in 2020.
Certainly, there was more strength there as there was a channel shift. But I guess I'm also hearing that
it sounds like you think there's some sustainability to the growth that you've seen there, and certainly,
you're going to be investing behind that.

And so -- and I guess, underlying the question is, I'm trying to understand what you think might be
sustainable coming out of this year and certainly in 2021 if the recovery of the on-premise is a bit slower
than what might happen. Just trying to understand sensitivities around what's needed to occur in the off-
premise in order to get you to this top line growth algorithm.

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

I certainly believe that there will be some sustainability to the off-premise demand. I think consumers
have learned new behaviors and new occasions have been created. So I think there will be some
sustainability of it. And obviously, we don't believe that it's going to continue to grow at the same level,
but there certainly will be sustainability to the underlying trend. There's a very large pent-up demand for
on-premise from consumers. And so I think when the on-premise is more readily open, I think we'll see a
strong pent-up demand from consumers.

The other behavioral change, which we've obviously experienced in 2020 is the growth of e-commerce
sales. Many consumers of alcoholic beverages, they didn't realize you can buy a beer online, and they do
now. And we've seen a 230% increase in our online sales. And I think the back trend will stay, and that's
why we're making investments in our e-commerce capabilities.

Operator

The next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs.

Bonnie Lee Herzog

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I guess I'd like to hear a little bit more color on how you're thinking about balancing your investment
needs between your recent innovations and some of the launches with marketing supports behind your
core brands. I guess what I'm still maybe struggling with is how you plan to stabilize or maybe even
improve your core business if a lot of your stepped-up investment spend and attention is going to be
focused behind all these new initiatives.

And then Gavin, maybe you could help frame for us some of your targets or missions for your core
business, similar to how you're framing the opportunities and some of the goals you put out there for all
these new and exciting brands and partnerships. I think that would be helpful.

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Bonnie. Look, I mean, our revitalization plan, which we announced in October 2019 required us
to do both, and that was our -- that's our plan, and it remains our plan. Investing behind our iconic core
brands and investing behind above premium and investing behind our beyond beer portfolio is the plan.
Tracey mentioned in the guidance, approximately flat EBITDA, and that's really the revitalization planning
coming to life with our big investments behind both Miller Lite and Coors Light, which we'll see more spend
this year. We'll put more spend behind our above premium portfolio with Blue Moon LightSky and Blue
Moon. We'll put more money behind our seltzers. We will have 4 seltzers in market this year. We only had
2. One was launched in April. The other one was launched in September. This year, we're going to have 4
as we strive to get to the 10% market share. And we're going to be investing behind our new ventures like
ZOA and La Colombe and also our Yuengling joint venture.

In terms of actual performance, Bonnie, Coors Light and Miller Lite have performed really well in spite of
the headwinds, which they've got. We've made numerous pivots from a marketing point of view to meet
the changed circumstances. And when necessary, we put marketing money behind it in the fourth quarter,
for example.

From a media perspective, we shifted our media to places like social gaming, podcasts, online, video
and so on. And from a creative point of view, we've created a new creative, which has resonated with
consumers. We've actually created 40 pieces of new creatives since March. A lot of that has been behind
Miller Lite and Coors Light. I mean just some examples of that would be our Farewell Work Holiday Party
for Miller Lite and then our campaign to get some florist into the Pro Football Hall of Fame with Coors
Light, and you can see the benefits of that for -- with both of those brands.

I mean Coors Light drove significant share growth in the first half of the year. It did slow down in the third
quarter because of the inventory supply constraints, which we had, which we're now through because our
inventory is higher than it was at the same time last year for Coors Light. And in December, we saw the
best industry share trend we've seen in years outside of the pantry loading for March for Coors Light. So
it's -- the "Made to Chill" campaign platform is working, and we're excited about it. And Miller Lite share
trends have been strong.

Now obviously, as I said in my opening remarks, we're not satisfied with the performance until and we
intend to put more money behind it. So that's a very long-winded way of saying, it's both. It's not either/
or. We're not sacrificing one for the other. We believe that we can do more than one thing at one time,
and we believe that we're demonstrating it because the market where we've had the most concern about
our execution capability is the U.S., and we've grown our top line. We grew our margin. Strong pricing,
strong brand mix. This is the revitalization plan in action. It's not a series of one-offs. It's all part of a
single strategy, and that's the revitalization plan, which is specifically aimed to drive top line growth, and
we believe we will do that in 2021.

Operator

The last question comes from Rob Ottenstein with Evercore ISI.

Robert Edward Ottenstein

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Great. Gavin, obviously, a lot of tremendous initiatives that you have for 2021 and clearly, you're very
optimistic in terms of the firm's trajectory. However, obviously, there's a bit of a disconnect in terms of
how the public markets are viewing your outlook and prospects. Just wondering what your thoughts are in
terms of share buybacks at some point. I know you talked about a very significant deleveraging, bringing
the dividend back. How does the potential for share buybacks play into this if this disconnect continues?

And also maybe, Tracey, remind us about your cash tax rate, which I believe, remains very advantaged
kind of roughly what that level is and how long it stays at that depressed or lower level.

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Rob. Look, I mean, we -- as I said earlier on, we announced our revitalization plan in 2019, and
we're executing that revitalization plan. I'm very pleased with the platform that we laid in 2020, and I
think it gives us a really good springboard for 2021, which is why we've felt confident with the with the
guidance that we've put out there. So I understand there's skepticism around our ability to execute, but
we wouldn't be putting guidance out if we didn't believe that we would achieve it.

Tracey was very clear about our leverage goals. I'll let you comment on our capital allocation, Trace, which
I think was the underlying question that Rob had.

Tracey I. Joubert
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So Rob, so yes, obviously, we are having ongoing conversations around our capital allocation with
our Board. Our focus has been on improving our leverage ratio because of the commitment to maintain
our investment-grade rating as well as investing in our business to deliver the revitalization plan, which
is around top line growth. So as always, we had looked at our capital allocation basket. We had a look at
what gives us the highest -- or what gives our shareholders the highest rate of return. We ran through
everything to our PACC model to make those decisions. But our intention is to continue to pay down our
debt to improve our leverage ratio. And as I said in the prepared remarks, it is important for us, and
we said this on the Q3 call as well. As soon as appropriate to reinstate the dividend and as I said in the
guidance, that's something that we do anticipate our Board will be in a position to reinstate in the back
half of this year.

So just in terms of the tax cash question. So yes, we do still get a benefit from the step-up as we did with
the MillerCoors acquisition. And that does still run for another few years, Rob. But yes...

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Can you remind us what exactly that rate, what you expect, what that rate was in 2020 and what you
expect it to be in '21?

Tracey I. Joubert
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So we don't actually give that guidance, and we didn't, other than given the guidance that we've
given you now on the consolidated effective tax rate for 2021 being between 20% and 23%.

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

But isn't the cash tax rate half that?

Tracey I. Joubert
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. That's work in progress, but it is -- it does reduce the tax rate fairly significantly, Rob.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

From a cash point of view.

Operator

The next question comes from Bryan Spillane with BoA.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

Just maybe a follow-up question on cash flow. I don't think I saw it, but Tracey, could you help us a little
bit with what you're expecting for capital spending for this year? And also maybe tied to that, how we
should think about free cash flow conversion in '21? Are there any sort of big moving parts that we should
consider in terms of free cash flow? And again, some help with CapEx would be helpful as well.

Tracey I. Joubert
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So Bryan, we looked at our metrics, our guidance metrics for this year to really align with our
strategy around our revitalization plan goals. And then also looked at metrics, which aligns with our
commitment to maintain and over time, improve our investment-grade rating. So we haven't given CapEx
and we haven't given free cash flow because we do believe that the target leverage ratio metric is more
meaningful and more aligned to our strategy.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

But we're going to have to put a CapEx estimate into our cash flow statement. I mean is it -- is 2020 a
reasonable sort of guide to use? Just any kind of help at all just to get some sense of what we should be
flowing in there.

Tracey I. Joubert
Chief Financial Officer

I would say the guidance that we gave back in 2020, which we subsequently withdrew would be the sort
of range of CapEx that you'd expect. There is nothing significant that we've got planned at this stage.

Operator

Next question comes from Laurent Grandet with Guggenheimer.

Laurent Daniel Grandet
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got a question regarding the beyond beer. So, so many on that front, there is almost not a week without
a new product showing up. So a key question from investors is about your ability to prioritize and not to
disrupt your core business. So could you please give us maybe so many even comfort on that front in
terms of execution?

And secondly, you've mentioned you should reach about $1 billion in our sales by 2023, and that doesn't
include hard seltzers. So could you please help us frame how you get there because it's kind of 3 years to
get to $1 billion from almost 0. So that will be super helpful.

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Laurent. Look, a couple of things in there. From a -- we've been pretty consistent about one
thing, right? As our revitalization plan requires us to do more than one thing at a time, it does both. And
I think our fourth quarter is a fine example of that. We grew our top line in the U.S. We grew our net
sales revenue per hectoliter meaningfully. We had positive brand mix and we demonstrated that we could

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

deal with complexity. I mean the structure that we put in place in our company was designed to deal
with complexity. We've got a team that focuses on the core brands and very pleased with what they've
done with Coors Light and Miller Lite and our other legacy iconic brands. And then we've got a team that
focuses on beyond beer that's executing against that. So it's exactly as we laid out the revitalization plan,
and we're demonstrating that we can do that in our largest market.

In terms of the $1 billion revenue ambition for emerging growth, it does it does encompass a number
of areas in the emerging growth. So we're not coming from a standing start. We do have all our craft
companies in that area. We have our non alc division. We have our cannabis THC infused beverages, RTDs
and our CBD business. It also includes all of our Latin America exports and licensed markets. So in order
to get to $1 billion, we're going to have to grow our top line for the emerging growth division by 50% to
give you some idea of the base that we're coming off. So hopefully, that's helpful, Laurent.

Operator

The next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Just one more question for me on the beyond beer topic, Gavin. I mean you've highlighted a lot on this
call, but I guess I'm hoping you could talk a little bit more about the economics of that beyond beer push.
Whether in terms of penny profit or margins, especially when it comes to the distribution deals that you've
been tacking on. You've mentioned though a couple of times with enthusiasm, for example.

I'm just curious if you can clarify how those relationships are structured from the perspective of the
Molson Coors shareholder. I mean it's, though, truly is a game changer in the energy market. That would
be great. But I guess, how are those profits to be split between you, your distribution partners and the
brand owner itself?

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Steve. Look, I mean, each deal that we've done has been done differently and structured
differently. I think it's safe to say that they all operate in the above premium space from a revenue point
of view. Some of these deals we've taken equity stakes in. Some bigger than others. But we wouldn't be
going into this if we weren't intending to make money on these deals. We've got a -- we've got such a
route-to-market advantage from our perspective. The biggest channel for energy drinks to pick on ZOA is
C-store. Nobody serves the C-store channel better than beer distributors. And so we think we've got some
real structural advantages there.

But we're not going to break down each and every deal that we've done. Rest assured that our intention
is that these are above premium products and that we will make money on them, and that we will have
equity in most of the deals that we've done.

Operator

The next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I think to some degree, you've kind of covered this. But my question was really just thinking about the
EBITDA outlook for '21. If I just think about it in terms of rate of growth, flat versus '20, it's actually
better than I thought would be the case. Now obviously, in dollar terms, the basis is lower because of the
fourth quarter. But just putting that -- thinking about that in the context of the timing with which you'll
be kind of pulsing marketing spending back in, and I'm not asking for quarterly guidance. It's more of a
conceptual conversation I'd like to have.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Is it kind of investing ahead of recovery? Is it investing concurrent with, but just how you're thinking
about marketing versus revenue growth and supporting some of the newer initiatives. It could be some
helpful and interesting perspective.

Gavin D. K. Hattersley
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Lauren. Let me try and give you some color without giving you our quarterly budgets. I would
-- I think you can expect that the second quarter would be a meaningful increase in marketing and sales
spend because there was such a dislocation in the second quarter last year, where we -- so much just
didn't happen, and we were pivoting and still trying to figure out what this pandemic means. So I think it's
safe to say that our marketing spend in Q2 will be quite a lot higher than it was in Q2 of last year.

Beyond that, we'll be investing behind our innovations. So -- and going behind Miller Lite and Coors Light
at the appropriate times of the year. But I think the biggest piece of guidance I can give you is Q2 will be a
meaningful increase.

Operator

This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to
Greg Tierney for any closing remarks.

Greg Tierney
Vice President of SP&A and Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. I appreciate everybody joining us today. And I know there may be additional
questions we weren't able to answer. Please follow with me and our IR team in -- with any of those
questions, and we look forward to talking with many of you as the year unfolds.

With that, thanks, everybody and -- for participating in this call and talk to you all soon. Thank you.

Operator
This conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

