Mondelez International, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:MDLZ
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, November 02, 2020 10:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.62

0.63

Revenue  (mm)

6479.98

6665.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-28-2020 1:24 PM GMT

1.61

2.86

0.67

2.59

2.80

7094.23

26245.37

27170.14

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.60

0.66

0.56

0.62

0.61

0.69

0.63

0.63

1.67 %

4.55 %

12.50 %

1.61 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Shep Dunlap
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Mondelez International Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call.
Today's call is scheduled to last about an hour, including remarks by Mondelez management and the
question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]

I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President, Investor Relations for Mondelez.
Please go ahead, sir.

Shep Dunlap
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. With me today are Dirk Van de Put, our Chairman and CEO;
and Luca Zaramella, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our press release and presentation slides, which
are available on our website, mondelezinternational.com/investors.

During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These
statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and
uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K, 10-Q and
8-K filings for more details on our forward-looking statements.

As we discuss our results today, unless noted as reported, we'll be referencing our non-GAAP financial
measures, which adjust for certain items included in our GAAP results. In addition, we provide our year-
over-year growth on a constant currency basis, unless otherwise noted. You can find the comparable GAAP
measures and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of our slide
presentation.

In today's call, Dirk will provide a business update, and then Luca will take you through the financials and
our outlook. We will close with Q&A.

With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dirk.

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Shep, and good afternoon. We are very encouraged by our performance in the third quarter.
Our execution was strong. We continue to accelerate our strategic initiatives and all of our regions were
in growth. Our teams have been resilient and focused, and we continued to prioritize safety during Q3
as we will for the remainder of the year. We continue to manage successfully through uncertainty and
COVID-related challenges. And as a consequence, we are outperforming our categories, continuing to gain
significant market share.

While our category outperformance is in most markets around the world, there are very diverging markets
and category situations depending on how they are affected by COVID dynamics. Our largest categories,
biscuits and chocolates, continue to perform well. Gum is still under significant pressure due to changes
in consumer mobility and habits. And candy, while initially under pressure, also improved. Meals and
powdered beverages continue to do well.

Demand remained elevated in Developed Markets, and we saw sequential improvement in Emerging
Markets. In Developed Markets where more of our business is in the grocery channel and our gum
business is also smaller, we continued with good momentum. In Emerging Markets, the majority of our
markets grew in Q3, including key markets such as India, China, Brazil and Russia. But conditions do vary,
and some markets are still challenged, particularly where our portfolio skews towards gum and candy or
where our sales are mostly in the traditional trade, which is mainly in Latin America, the Middle East and
Africa.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Our long-term growth strategy remains unchanged. But during this crisis, we have accelerated certain
initiatives in order to emerge stronger and build further on our advantaged position. First, we are
simplifying our business in order to facilitate more growth and reduce costs. Examples of this would be
SKU reduction and innovation streamlining.

Second, we are accelerating a number of growth initiatives in order to maintain our momentum and build
on our share gains. For instance, in H2, we are increasing investment in our brands and commercial
capabilities. We've also focused more on the momentum in e-commerce and the grocery channel.

Third, in order to offset some of the extra COVID-related cost, we have advantaged -- or advanced a
number of strategic cost reduction initiatives. We're also prioritizing stronger between CapEx projects.

And fourth, we are rolling out changes in our ways of working and optimizing our organization structures
while strengthening some new, more required capabilities.

Switching now to Slide 5. Q3 was a strong quarter across all key metrics. We delivered organic net
revenue growth of 4.4%. We're holding or gaining share in over 80% of our revenue base. We had good
momentum on share coming into the pandemic, and I'm satisfied that we have sustained share gains
beyond the initial phase of the crisis. This demonstrates the strength of our brands and our supply chain.

Our gross profit dollars grew strongly at 6% despite the incremental COVID-related costs. And operating
income grew strongly at 10.5% despite a significant increase in our brand investments. And last, we
continue to improve free cash flow generation, delivering $1.7 billion year-to-date, up $.0.5 billion versus
the same period last year.

I'm now on Slide 6. As stated, we continue to believe that our growth strategy is the right one for
this environment. Not only do we believe that our strategy is the right one, we have the ambition to
emerge from this crisis even stronger than we were before. To do so, we are accelerating certain areas of
investment and other initiatives within the current strategy in light of the current dynamics.

Let me highlight a few of these areas where we are making strong progress. We are stepping up
working media investments behind our brands in the second half of this year. This is possible because
we decreased our investments during the second quarter when because of all the issues arising when
this crisis just started, it did not make sense to invest. We are seeing good results from this increase in
investment. For example, as one proof point, our market share momentum continued in Q3.

Also, our ROI on these investments has increased significantly. We now rank in the top tier in our industry.
And interesting to note is that we are skewing our spend to digital even more. For the first time this year,
we will be spending more on digital than on TV.

Another area of great progress is brand equity increases. Our marketing teams have successfully adapted
our brand communication to the circumstances. Some of it is focused on purpose and human connections,
others on staying playful while staying at home, or some others are about reinforcing hygiene practices.
As a consequence, our brands are forging stronger connections with our consumers, really connecting
through their purpose.

In another area, we are on track to be 75% through our SKU reduction exercise by year-end. Our teams
are focused on ensuring we don't lose shelf space or incur too much waste while increasing sales, reducing
inventory and increasing line efficiency. I do want to reiterate that while 25% SKU reduction sounds like a
big number, this represents a very small percentage of our revenue.

A fourth highlight is that we have successfully implemented cost mitigation programs that we expect to
fully offset the COVID-related costs we incur in the second half of the year. While this helps to deliver an
on-algorithm year this year, it also supports our plans to continue to increase our investment in brands
and capabilities again next year while continuing to deliver against our financial algorithm.

As it relates to our new ways of working, the company is functioning very well in this new reality, with
most of our office associates working from home for the foreseeable future. We have also optimized our
organization, shifting people to where we need them most like e-commerce, digital or RGM.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Switching to Slide 7. While the COVID crisis has been all absorbing, we are continuing to progress, even
enhance our ESG agenda. In this quarter, 3 areas got particular attention. First of all, we are focused on
and making progress against the enhanced diversity and inclusion commitments we made in September. I
am particularly pleased with our recent appointment of a new Global Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer,
Robert Perkins. Robert will help us increase minority representation in our business, and advise me, my
team and the broader company on how to take further action to drive an even more inclusive culture at
Mondelez.

As it relates to sustainability, we are continuing to invest in creating a more sustainable supply chain for
cocoa. We just unveiled a new global cocoa technical center in Indonesia, which will support sustainable
cocoa farming practices and drive positive change for farmers and communities.

And finally, we are developing the sustainable futures investment program to amplify our impact in
sustainability areas. Its role is to invest in innovative sustainability and social impact solutions, mainly in
our palm and cocoa growing communities. With these actions, even more so than before, we're living our
purpose to empower people to snack right.

With that, I hand it over to Luca.

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Our third quarter performance was strong in terms of
revenue growth, share gains, profitability and cash flow. As we exited Q2, we were already seeing signs
of improvement in those business units that had been heavily affected by lockdowns and traditional trade
closures. And we were expecting a good quarter with the continuation of sustained consumption trends in
Developed Markets but also return to growth of our Emerging Markets.

We closed Q3 with overall growth of plus 4.4%. Our Developed Markets delivered a strong organic
increase of plus 3.8%, while Emerging Markets return to more normal levels, delivering plus 5.3%.

To provide more color, in Developed Markets, as far as North America goes, we continue to see elevated
consumption versus pre-COVID levels, albeit at lower rate than in Q1 and Q2. And for Europe, too, we saw
strong mass retail demand across all our key markets.

In Emerging Markets, we saw good growth in 80% of the business unit's revenue base, including in large
businesses like India, China, Russia and Brazil, as operating restriction is enabling better mobility and
access to traditional trade. Although the situation is better in the vast majority of our Emerging Markets,
we expect some COVID restrictions and challenging economic circumstances to continue in part of Latin
America and Middle East, Africa and impacting disproportionately our gum and candy category.

Growth this quarter included the impact of trade restocking as demand spikes in North America and
European retailers as well as traditional trade closures in Emerging Markets resulted in trading basis below
normal levels as we exited Q2. This contributed approximately 1 point of growth.

Turning to Slide 10. Q3 revenue growth was driven by solid volume and pricing. Mix was unfavorable due
to lower world travel retailers and gum revenues. As mentioned, growth includes approximately 1 point of
pipeline refill.

In terms of categories, this case continued to experience strong demand with growth at nearly 8%, driven
by North America, AMEA and EU, with [ oil ] a key contributor and an important driver of our share gains
in the category. Chocolate returned to growth at more than 5%. This was aided in part by large chocolate
businesses such as India and Brazil returning to robust growth. But overall, all key markets like the U.K.,
Germany, Russia, Australia, France and Nordics did have a very good quarter. This result also includes
nearly 2.5 points of headwind related to world travel retail. Overall, categories did well, and on top, we are
gaining share.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Gum and candy declined double digits, primarily driven by gum, which improved from Q2 lows but is
still facing significant headwind from social distancing and less out-of-home activity. And this particularly
affected in some Emerging Markets like Mexico and Western Andean.

Turning to Slide 11. I wanted to spend a moment on e-commerce as this channel has clearly taken on
more importance. E-commerce revenue grew 78% on a reported basis in Q3 and represents 5% of our
revenue base. In our top 4 markets, we grew triple digits in the U.S., close to triple digits in the U.K. and
double digits in China and France. In some of those markets, our e-commerce share is greater than our
offline share, while in others, we have more headroom.

We see multiple instances of significant e-commerce share gains this year such as U.S. biscuit and U.K.
chocolate. Importantly, we believe e-commerce is driving incrementality as we look to meet and generate
additional demand. This is also additive to our bottom line, with profitability comparable to our offline
business.

Building on our existing trends, we are making substantial investments to take this business to the next
level. This includes our increased investments in more digital working media, data-driven engagement
and improved online shopping site, ensuring we have the right path and the right price with the packs and
bundles and testing new platforms to explore incremental opportunities in eB2B and direct to consumers.

Turning to category and share highlights on Page 12. Our effort to drive meaningful and sustained share
gains is succeeding as strong execution of our teams, trusted global and local brands and investments in
more working media with compelling ROI are continuing to yield very good results. We have held our gain
share in 80% of our revenue base on a year-to-date basis.

What we've shown in this slide is rounded to the nearest 5%, but we were down 3% when compared to
the last quarter as biscuits ticked down slightly. Biscuits and chocolate were the big drivers once again
as biscuits held or gained share in 90% of our revenue base and chocolate held or gained in 85%. Gum
and candy held or gained in 45%. Notable share gains included U.S., France, China, Russia biscuit, and
U.K., Russia and Australia chocolate. Many of these share gains, such as U.S. and China biscuit and U.K.
chocolate, are quite significant in terms of the absolute size.

Similar to our commentary last quarter, it is important to understand that the year-to-date category
growth of plus 3.7% doesn't reflect unmeasured channels such as convenience and world travel retailer. It
also does not include the impact of our meal business, which is performing quite well.

Now let's review our profitability performance on Slide 13. Overall, our profitability was strong in
the third quarter. We increased gross profit due to volume leverage and productivity as well as some
promotional efficiencies. Operating income dollars increased more than 10% due to overhead reductions
and simplification efforts, which helped offset COVID-related costs of approximately $50 million. COVID
cost this year has been totaling so far about $200 million. Importantly, we continue to step up our working
media investment to further strengthen our brand, stay top of mind with consumers and position ourselves
well going forward.

Moving to regional performance on Slide 14. North America grew 6.3%, driven by elevated biscuit
consumption and strong share gains. Ongoing investment in working media and strong DSD execution are
helping us to sustain our broad-based share gains. Gum was down double digits due to limited on-the-
go consumption occasions. North America operating income increased by more than 18% due to volume
leverage and cost control initiatives, more than offsetting COVID-related costs and meaningful working
media incremental investments.

Europe revenue grew 3.4% in the quarter. We saw good category growth in chocolate, biscuits and meals.
The breadth of growth across key markets was quite impressive, with solid results in the U.K., France,
Germany, Russia, Benelux and the Nordics. In terms of headwinds, world travel retail continued to trend
well below last year at circa 20% of 2019 revenue, and that has a headwind of more than 2 points to
the EU. In terms of share performance, we drove notable share gains in the U.K., France, Germany and
Russia. OI dollars returned to growth as solid increases in volumes more than offset COVID-related costs
and unfavorable mix. In addition, working media increased in the quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

AMEA posted growth of 4.2%, with growth across most markets as operating restrictions have become
less onerous. China grew high single digits, following double-digit growth in Q2, with significant share
gains in biscuits. India returned to growth with a high single-digit increase for the quarter, driven by
chocolate and significant biscuit growth and the excellent execution of the team there. Australia, New
Zealand and Japan posted low single-digit growth. Southeast Asia grew mid-single digits in Q3, but we
did see some headwinds in certain countries such as Thailand and the Philippines, where towards the end
of the quarter, categories slowed down due to more difficult economic conditions, which are expected
to persist in the near term. Our Middle East and North Africa business declined low double digits as the
economy there remains pressured. AMEA operating income dollars grew nearly 17% due to volume
increases and cost mitigation efforts despite meaningful increases in working media.

Latin America grew 3.1%, behind better results in Brazil, while Argentina grew due to inflation-driven
pricing. Ex Argentina, Latin America grew by approximately 1%. Mexico declined low double digits due
to a significant decline in gum and candy, which is more than 40% of that business as out-of-home
categories remain impacted by social distancing. The biscuit business in Mexico posted robust growth. In
Brazil, we posted double-digit growth in the quarter, driven by growth in powder beverages, chocolate
and biscuit. Underlying growth was mid-single digits when taking into consideration the lapping of the
supply chain-related issues last year. Gum and candy remain significantly impacted by COVID, posting
double-digit declines. We feel good about the continued progress of our supply chain, in-store execution
and marketing in this country, but we know that we have more work to do.

Our Western Andean countries posted a decline as COVID continues to impact traditional trade channels.
Gum and candy as a category is down double digits. OI in Latin America grew 11% as pricing, cost
containment measures and improved supply chain performance more than offset COVID-related costs. We
also benefited from currency hedges that are better than current spot rates. Our expectations is that parts
of Latin America will remain challenging in the near term given the restriction in place and the economic
environment in many markets. We remain focused on execution and targeted investments to drive share
gains as well as cost controls.

Now turning to earnings per share on Slide 18. On a year-to-date basis, EPS is up 6%, driven mostly by
operating gains. Q3 EPS was flat versus previous years with operating gains of $0.06 and taxes offsetting
them.

I'll now move on to our free cash flow on Slide 19. We delivered free cash flow of $1.7 billion through the
first 3 quarters, an increase of almost $500 million versus previous year. Higher earnings, more focused
CapEx, lower restructuring and strong working capital management with a 3-day improvement in our cash
conversion cycle helped drive these results. In addition, deferred tax payments, some of which will reverse
in Q4, also positively impacted these results.

Moving to our outlook on Slide 21. Visibility still remains challenging in several markets, but we are
providing an updated view of our full year expectations based on what we know to date. We expect full
year organic revenue growth of 3.5% plus. Implied Q4 would be broadly in line with Q3 when excluding
the refilling of trade stock. We expect overall good EBIT growth in Q4 but below Q3 levels, particularly
as we continue setting up work in India, as we face some additional inflation in North America around
transportation costs and as in Latin America, we expect the benefit of favorable currency hedges to
subside.

For the full year, adjusted EPS is expected to grow at 5% plus at constant ForEx. Free cash flow should be
approximately $3 billion. ETR should be in the low to mid-20s, and adjusted interest expense is projected
to be approximately $350 million. We are also planning to reinstate our share buyback program in the
fourth quarter given the business is performing well, cash flow is strong and we have further strengthened
our balance sheet. It is not expected to have a significant impact on EPS this year given proximity to year-
end.

ForEx translation is now expected to negatively impact our reported revenue by approximately 3
percentage points and EPS by $0.04 on the year based on current market rates. This is based on current
conditions and does not factor in a significant degradation of the operating environment that could be
triggered by material worsening of COVID. This also incorporates the following expectations: a continuing

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

level of elevated demand and in-home consumption in certain Developed Markets such as North America
and Europe mass retail; headwinds in certain Emerging Markets, predominantly in our Latin America
region, the Middle East, North Africa countries and parts of Southeast Asia and of our gum business,
continued weakness in world travel retail.
With that, let's open it up for Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And your first question is from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. Dirk, as you pointed out in the prepared remarks, organic sales growth was strong across all
regions. Perhaps you can maybe take us through your thoughts on how trends look currently in key
regions as you enter 4Q. And then as a follow-on, maybe you can extrapolate kind of 3Q results into 4Q
and whatever you feel comfortable talking about now regarding '21 at this stage because the company will
obviously be lapping significant COVID costs. We'll have incremental brand investment you'll be lapping as
well as have incremental cost saves kicking in, right, as you go into next year as well.

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Okay. Thank you, Andrew. Maybe what I can do is do a little tour maybe through categories and regions
because the 2 are quite linked. And then Luca can talk about Q4 and '21. So if you look at the categories,
categories are affected by the mobility of the consumer. So I would say that 80% of our revenue is coming
from advantaged categories that are performing very well. And in top -- in those categories, we have
strong Mondelez brands, and we are increasing our market share.

So biscuits is the main driver at the moment. The demand remains very strong globally. We had high
single-digit revenue growth in Q3, and we had very strong share gains.

Chocolates came back in Q3. It accelerated versus Q2 largely because some of our Emerging Markets
came back, like, for instance, India. And the 5% growth that we're seeing in Q3 is despite the world travel
retail headwind, which squeezed off 2 points of the growth of chocolate. And yes, world travel retail,
as you can imagine at this stage, is still lower than 20% of what it used to be. I think we do see that
chocolate growth because we have a very advantaged portfolio, which is skewed to at-home consumption.
In the Emerging Markets, we have a low unit price. We have good affordability in our chocolate and middle
of the road with the right price points.

The one that remains very challenged is gum. We knew that in recessions or in moments that gum is
affected, it recuperates slowly, but it's probably recuperating a bit slower than we would have anticipated.
And that has to see everything with the consumer mobility. The 75% of gum consumption is on-the-go.
And even if we're not in lockdown anymore or unfortunately, about to go back to lockdown in Europe, the
consumer is still not as mobile as before. And then meals and powder beverages are doing quite well.

So if you keep that in mind and then you go to the regions and you know more or less what the mix is of
the region, it gives you an idea of how we're doing. So North America, 80% biscuit. Demand of biscuit, as
I said, remains very elevated. Our execution has been very strong. Very strong share gains. Consumers
are snacking more at home. Still well above the pre-COVID level, not as high as in March and April but
still quite increased consumption. And so North America is solid. And seeing where we are with COVID
and the fact that we probably will get more recommendations to stay at home, we expect this elevated
consumption to continue for a while.

We said the same in Europe in mass retail, but our business there is more also on-the-go with away from
home, and world travel retail is consolidated in our European numbers. So apart from that, Europe has
very strong mass retail. And now that we go back in lockdown, we can expect that to remain like that. And
we did see an improvement in the convenience channel in Europe. But as I said before, the world travel
retail still remains very soft.

And then in Emerging Markets, 2/3 of our markets, which we had already mentioned in the Q2 call,
bounced back quite nicely. I'm talking about China, India, Brazil and some of the European emerging

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

markets like Russia. The Q2 was disrupted, but they're all coming back, all high single-digit growth. At
this stage, we do not expect a repeat of the disruption that we saw at the beginning of the crisis. I think
it's impossible in those countries to do the same sort of lockdowns that they did because it led to severe
economic effects. So we continue to see those markets recuperating with bumps. It's not going to be one
nice road upward. It depends a little bit on the local situation and what the government does. But overall,
I would expect the emerging markets to gradually keep on improving.

And then there is 1/3 of our Emerging Markets that are in situations where the macro effects are more
pronounced on top. Unfortunately, those markets are having a high mix of gum and candy in their sales,
and so they are severely affected. And those are the ones that are having more serious problems. I'm
talking about Mexico, Central America, talking also about the Middle East and parts of Africa and also a
few countries in Southeast Asia.

So that gives you an idea where we are. I think that situation will continue in Q4 and even stretch out in
the beginning of next year. I don't see a huge change taking place on the regional situations as we see
them today. Maybe, Luca, you can talk a little bit about Q4 and '21.

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sure, Hi Andrew. So basing on what Dirk just said, we had line of sight at this point to, as we said,
the full year revenue outlook number that is 3.5-plus percent. And importantly, as Dirk just said, all the
underlying trends that have been discussed so far are broadly unchanged into Q4 and certainly as we start
November. And that is why we see Q4 in terms of top line that is 3% or so growth.

As far as EBIT goes, Q4 should be another strong quarter. I want to reiterate that. But more in line with
last year OI growth rate. We will continue investing in working media. We see the benefit of that. Dirk
alluded to higher ROI, and the share gains are there to testify the merit of continuous investment. There
will be some effect but lower than in the past in terms of COVID costs as well as -- and we are very
pleased with the positive effect of the cost initiatives that we are putting in place and we have put in place
as part of the Emerge Stronger.

Nevertheless, we see some cost pressures, particularly in the U.S., since elevated demand and the need
we have to improve on-shelf availability is causing some extra logistics costs. We have been hearing also
by competitors and others that there is a pressure. We are feeling it as well as we buy a portion of our
transportation on the spot market, and as I said, inflation is quite high. In addition, we're running out of
some positive ForEx hedges in Latin America. In other words -- and I would say gross profit will be more
muted in terms of growth in Q4 versus the 6% you have just seen on Q3.

On 2021, we are still going through the plan for next year. But based on what we know so far, we believe
that 2021 should be [ ongoing ]. I can give you some flavor on the building blocks of the plan. First
of all, we expect to retain our share gains and to continue to invest not only in working media but in
marketing and sales. We talked many times about the distribution opportunities we have around the
world in Emerging Markets as one example. Despite COVID costs subsiding into next year and the Emerge
Stronger initiatives that, in our mind, will carry the benefits into 2021, we will reinvest the upside in the
business to sustain the material share gains that we see and potentially to weather a more recessionary
environment.

Biscuits and chocolates, from what we see today, will continue to do well. But as you say, we will be
lapping some elevated growth in 2020, particularly in Developed Markets and biscuits. But on the flip side,
I think there should be a recovery of the most impacted COVID categories and countries.

Talking about costs, commodities and ForEx inflation is, in broad stroke, aligned to what we have seen
in the last few years. In some cases, for instance, in chocolate and cocoa and in some countries, for
instance, Brazil, there will be higher inflation. But overall, we are in the neighborhood of what we have
seen in the last few years.

The sum of all of these, again, should lead to a 2021 that should be on algorithm. We will have to stay
tuned, and I'll give you more flavor and update as we post the Q4 results. But needless to say that there

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

are still some unknowns like Brexit or the potential tax change in the U.S. or a material relapse of COVID.
And so I think it is important that we stay agile, and we'll talk to you more about the situation if there is
evolution of what we know.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So the market share results have been very impressive for you guys this year in biscuits and chocolate.
Obviously, you had some momentum pre-COVID, but it's ramped up even more during COVID. So just
wanted to get your thoughts on the sustainability of Mondelez market share gains as you look out to 2021,
particularly as you have to cycle these difficult COVID comps and perhaps how the higher A&C spend
might play into that.

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Yes, yes. First of all, this quarter, the areas where we are gaining or holding share is at 85%. It's about
3 points lower than it was the previous quarter. That's minor. And so overall, I would say we've held on
to our shares geographically speaking and in revenue terms very well. What's more important, which we
don't report here but which we know, is that the size of the market share gains is quite significant. And
it's in some of the more important areas like in China gum or Germany chocolate or biscuits in the U.S.,
China, Brazil, Germany and so on.

If we analyze what happened is in the beginning, I would say, at the beginning of the COVID crisis, it was
our supply chain and our route to market that partially helped us because we saw an increase of our total
distribution point. We saw a very good customer service levels, seen the circumstances and so on, and
we have DSD in some parts of the world. We also know that consumers in this crisis tend to go to trusted
brands. They want to feel safe. So they go to the brands they know and trust, particularly the big heritage
sort of taste of the nation brands around the world.

And then we are accompanying that with increased media and adapted messaging on our brands as
much as we can to the COVID situation. And that all seems to play very well for us. We've done a number
of very successful adaptations of our brands, and we can see the equity that we have in our brands
increasing.

And then the third factor, I would say, is since there was more at-home snacking, our range that we have
in the different categories, our range of products is better suited. We are more in the classical biscuits and
crackers, I would say, which is very well suited for home consumption and also in the tablet category of
chocolate. And that's really helping us.

So going forward, we're doing a number of actions to sustain those share gains. We increased our working
media in the second half. But going into next year, we are continuing to do the same thing. And so yes, as
Andrew was mentioning, we lap a number of things that will be beneficial for us. We also have some cost
pressures obviously. But we are also increasing, again, our A&C investment. Our algorithm allows us to do
that. And I think it's critical in a situation where there might be a recession and the consumer might still
be a little bit unsure. I think we need to keep on supporting our brands. So we think that will help.

We are doing a lot of work on in-store visibility, starting Christmas early, probably will start Easter early.
We've got some very big team activations coming up for next year, some very exciting stuff. And so I
feel that we probably have the best activity plan related to our brands that we've had in a number of
years coming up for next year. And then we are working very hard on our promotional strategy. We're
keeping an eye on value and any value-plus strategy that we need to do, like multibuys or family packs or
whatever is needed for the at-home consumption.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

And then the last thing we are doing is that we've done a number of launches of innovation -- innovations
in certain countries like an expansion of the Milka spread, the launch of the LU Biscuits brand in Germany
and so on. And based on all these things and the fact that we have the momentum and we're seeing great
connection of our brands with the consumer, we are confident that on top of the elevated level of this year,
we can increase our market share further next year.

Operator

And your next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

You have taken down your exposure to joint ventures this year. I wanted to ask a little bit about this. Dirk,
you previously qualified these JVs maybe a little bit more as investments than core strategic assets. Can
you update us, how do you see these investments today in respect to maybe some other opportunities you
have out there? And does the sort of sale or partial sale of your equity, does that say anything about your
longer-term strategy, if anything? I guess I'm just trying to get at what's the plan here going forward for
some of these assets, if you're willing to talk about it.

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thank you, Ken. Maybe I'll take that. I mean we reiterate what we said many times. We remain
optimistic about both assets. They have clearly a long-term potential. To start with, they compete in
strong categories. They have solid fundamentals as categories. And these companies are equipped to get
more traction on key trends like one-demand coffee as one example only.

They are gaining share. They have a clear strategic direction. They are executing quite well, and there are
strong management teams that can even enhance the advantage of the categories and of the brands that
both companies have. So there are all the ingredients in our mind for long-term top and bottom line and
cash flow potential.

We are not able clearly to talk specifically about JV and the results so far. But I think you saw a strong
quarter for KDP, continued momentum, top line beating consensus, gaining penetration, strong share
momentum, EPS and really strong outcomes across all metrics. And they continue to deleverage and
create cash flow. So we believe that the value is higher than what the current stock price would say for
both companies and nothing consistent with other companies as well in the broad CPG world.

We made a series of moves that, quite frankly, were more tactical than anything. And if you look at our
balance sheet, we have shown the top quite well since the beginning of the year. So on KDP, we are
comfortable around current levels of ownership. And if we make further trades, there will be a derived
value for us, and we will try to coordinate with other major shareholders.

And on JV, clearly, we are a major shareholder. We own 22.9% of the company. We did welcome the IPO
that is giving us an avenue for optionality. And having said that though, we are committed for the long-
term success of the company. You might expect some trades from us in the coming quarters that should
improve the current limited flow. But we will remain disciplined both in JV and KDP. And under current
circumstances, we want to retain the presence in both stocks.

So what you have seen recently was more tactical than anything. We took advantage of certain stock price
levels. We remain committed to these companies, and we really believe in the potential. But as you said,
over time, we want to replace those with snacking assets.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

So maybe just a follow-up on, Luca, the comment you made in response to Andrew's question related to
algorithm next year and more interested in, at this point, in cash flow. So I guess 2 questions around that.
One, would you expect that free cash flow would also be -- or free cash flow conversion would also be
sort of on algorithm? And then maybe connected to that, part of the algorithm has been returning cash to
shareholders, right, via share repurchases and dividend increases annually. So would we expect that, that
would be part of the equation again in '21?

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

So the straight answer to the last part of the question is absolutely yes. We remain committed to
dividends, to what we said several times about dividend growing in excess of EPS. I think the last dividend
increase reflects that. Share buybacks should continue absent acquisitions or things that is going -- might
happen or not. And so I would yes, there should be share buybacks.

And finally, on free cash flow, free cash flow, there is no reason to expect a slowdown into next year.
Having said that, I think you know we went public with a JV that we set the base for tax purposes in
Europe. And there is a tax component that is going to be tracked into free cash flow next year. But I feel
like at this point, it might not be going up from this year, but considering some of the tax onetimers that I
just talked, I think you can think about a $3 billion, $3-plus billion cash flow even for next year. That's the
plan at this point.

Operator

And your next question is from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I just had 2 questions, if I could. The first one would just be in relation to the SKU rationalization program.
I just want to get a sense, does that start here in the quarter? Does that ramp up in the fourth quarter
into next year? And I guess I'm also curious like where you see the benefits of that coming through. So as
you come behind that with more innovation, is it just better volume growth? Is there mix improvement,
that sort of thing?

And then just a quick question, if I could, on inventory levels. You got some benefit this quarter from
shipping inventory. Does that -- are you back to where you want retail inventories to be or your own
inventories? Are there more building to go as we move into the fourth quarter and next year?

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Okay. Maybe I'll do the SKUs, and then Luca can do the inventory. So the SKUs, the time line on that
is gradual, largely driven in the negotiations with the trade. And around the world, there are certain
moments you can make these changes. And for instance, in Europe, that moment is the beginning of next
year. So we are preparing for it now, but the implementation will only be beginning of next year.

So roughly, I would say, if you look at it around the world, we should be 75% done by year-end. And
then the rest would be done in the beginning of '21. You have to think about this as part of a broader
simplification program that is meant to drive both the top line and the bottom line and cash flow. It's a
simplification of SKUs, the number of innovation initiatives and also looking at our brand portfolio.

So we do not expect the negative top line impacted. They represented -- this 25% represents 2%, 3%
of our revenue, but we think we will easily replace that with higher velocity on the remaining SKUs. We
will get more shelf space. And then the benefits, as I already mentioned, more sales. We expect our
inventories to go down because it's those SKUs that take a lot of the inventory. In manufacturing, it is less
complexity, less downtime, fewer changeover. So it gives us a benefit on our costs.

And then on the customer side, we give them better customer service. It's going to be easier for them to
manage their shelf, and so their costs go down, too. So it's a support to deliver our long-term algorithm.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

This is not meant to be transformative from a margin perspective, but it does help us to deliver on the top
and the bottom line in the cash flow of our algorithm. Luca?

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. On inventory levels, there are obviously puts and takes. I would say we got to a more normalized
level at the end of Q3. Overall, I think we are in a decent situation. As I said, there might be places where
we need to do a little bit more than where we are fine. I wouldn't expect a big pickup due to inventory
replenishment in the quarters to come. And obviously, we want to end the year with the right level of
inventory as we have always done.

Operator

And your next question is from the line of Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I just wanted to make sure I understood the implied sales guide for 4Q. It seems like it's below 3%. Year-
to-date, you're at 3.9%. So just wanted to understand why it might be lower than year-to-date. And then
also, can you be more specific about the cost reduction plans, the efficiency plans? It looks like in the
quarter, they were in LatAm and they were in AMEA. And is that where most of these cost reduction plans
are going to take place? And if so, does that make it more difficult to capitalize on the growth as they
recover?

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

We said it is 3.5% plus on the full year. So the implied growth rate, as I said, it is roundabout 3% for Q4.
I wouldn't read too much into a different number than 3% in Q4. I also clearly said that there is 1 point
of growth in the 4.4% that you see in Q3. So again, we are not [ mainly soft ] as you think about Q4.
Importantly, at this point, we will end the year with the right level of trade inventory. And as we look into
next year, again, we want to line up all the initiatives that will allow us to hit a year that is on algorithm. I
think that's a simple way to think about it.

In terms of cost initiatives, I would say they are pretty much across the board. The Emerge Stronger
initiatives, the initiatives we have taken in terms of designing our cost packages, in terms of pushing net
revenue growth, in terms of working to reduce nonworking media and increasing working media, those are
effects that you see consistently throughout the regions. Yes, there might be regions like the U.S. where
-- or North America where we did a little bit more in terms of revenue growth management. But overall,
again, they are fairly consistent across the board.

Operator

And your next question is from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Two quick questions. Firstly, on emerging -- e-commerce. Can you talk about how in some areas you
are overrepresented [indiscernible] and in other areas that you are underrepresented [indiscernible]?
Could you just sort of give where are these opportunities? And then my follow-up is around [indiscernible]
particularly around cocoa. With the new $400 a tonne [indiscernible], you're talking about a new center
of excellence in Indonesia, I believe. Are you thinking about changing [indiscernible] or sourcing cocoa
[indiscernible]?

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Thanks, Alexia. It was very broken up, so I had difficulties understanding what you exactly asked. There
was an echo somewhere on the line and made it difficult. I think you -- I heard it was about e-commerce,
but I don't know what the details were. Somebody -- look at our -- maybe you can try again?

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I didn't understand the second part of the question at all. I mean I know the first part was about e-
commerce. The second part, I have no clue.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Can I try -- can you hear me -- yes?

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Yes.

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Yes.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Let's try once again. Is it clearer now?

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Yes, yes.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Perfect. All right. So on e-commerce, you mentioned that you are underrepresented in some areas and
overrepresented in e-commerce, different regions, and obviously, areas where you're underrepresented
relative to your brick-and-mortar sales. That might be the area where you've got more headroom. Could
you just give us an idea of which regions those are where you think there are real opportunities?

And then the second question was on cocoa sourcing. I'm just curious about whether you might be
changing your regional approach to cocoa sourcing given that you're putting a new center of excellence in
Indonesia. Meanwhile, there's $400 a tonne cocoa taxes going in, in some parts of Africa. Are you thinking
about changing your regional approach to where you're getting the cocoa from globally? Hopefully, you
could hear that better.

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Yes, yes, yes. Now it worked. It was not you. It was a technical side of things, Alexia.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Understood.

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

On e-commerce, yes. First of all, we're seeing very good growth in e-commerce, as I mentioned in the
prepared remarks. Roughly, you could say that our e-commerce head space is largely in China and in the
U.S. The rest -- the 2 other big countries we have are the U.K. and France. But I would say the biggest
gap we have in China, which we are catching up. We're working very hard on that.

Overall, we're seeing market share gains, largely in most of the areas around the world with the exception
of France at the moment. And we've also started to enter into smaller countries, and that is going to give
us some extra gain also. Overall, though, if you take globally, our shares on and offline are similar. So we
have some headroom here and there, but then we are overrepresented somewhere else. So that's a little
bit the situation on e-commerce.

Going forward, it's about expanding our assortment to meet the channel need. It's about recreating
impulse experience. It's about developing our data as it relates to the consumers and getting better
connections with them. It's about putting more investment in there and then experimenting with 2 other
areas that are developing for us in e-commerce, which is e-business-to-business and direct-to-consumer.
So also important to mention is that our margins are similar online and offline. So that's the situation on
e-commerce.

If I go to cocoa, we are not -- we're experimenting with cocoa in other regions. But at this stage, we are
going to continue -- in large part, to continue to source from Ghana and Ivory Coast. The -- we source in
Latin America. We source in India. We source in Indonesia. But we are one of the biggest cocoa buyers in
the world. And so those regions do not offer us enough quantity to shift. And shifting -- developing real
cocoa sourcing takes years. So we're working on that, but it's not going to happen next year, not with the
amount of cocoa that we need to buy.

On the other hand, we have already started to reflect the extra LID or the living income differential into
our pricing. And so we are fully set to absorb that next year. We feel good about supporting what the
government in those 2 countries are trying to do. We think it fits in our ESG approach.

And at the same time, we want to keep on going with our own program, Cocoa Life, which is
complementary to that. We think it's the right thing to do because we want a real sustainable future
for cocoa, and farmer income is really critical. And we are making sure through Cocoa Life that we can
actually see that and monitor what's going on. So we are planning to have 100% of our cocoa volume by
2025 being sourced through our Cocoa Life program. So I would say that is the answer on cocoa.

Operator

And your final question is from the line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI.

David Sterling Palmer
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Just a follow-up on emerging markets and a question on the marketing or grocery investments. On
EM, you had nice improvement in Russia, Brazil and some other markets. And you mentioned in a
previous question that you expect Emerging Markets to continue to improve. I think you also said in your
prepared remarks that there was some late quarter slowing in Asia outside of China. So maybe just some
clarification about where you feel like the momentum is continuing to improve across Emerging Markets
would be helpful.

And then just in terms of your growth reinvestments, you guys don't have a sort of just a windfall this
year such that you're spending a ton of money in advertising. So I would expect this to be somewhat of
a measured plan about what you're doing. And you said advertising or working media, as you said it, will
be going up, particularly in digital. So could you talk about that gross spending, where you're spending it?
What's -- where you're getting the high ROI? And do you think that's going to continue into '21?

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

Okay. Maybe I'll take the first part. And can you do the second part, Luca?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, for sure.

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

So on Emerging Markets, I would say the temporary headwinds, in our mind, do not hamper the long-term
prospects. We feel that we're executing well. We have an advantaged network. We have deep distribution.
We had good momentum precrisis. We're coming out of the crisis in most of the Emerging Markets very
fast. I'm thinking about India, Brazil. We have share gains that we see. And obviously, we can only focus
on what we control, which is execution, cost management, selective investment.

We remain confident about 2/3, as I mentioned. And those are the markets where we're seeing good
momentum: China, India, the European -- sorry, Emerging Markets, Brazil, a little bit of the parts of
Africa. We feel that they're already back in positive territory. We're confident that they will keep on
growing. They were performing very well for us before the crisis. If anything, I think we've improved our
position during the crisis. And we have very strong teams on the ground.

Where we are cautious and where we need to work hard because we are hampered by the local situation,
that's more in Latin America. I'm thinking Mexico, thinking WACAM for us, which is the Central America
and the Caribbean and Colombia, and some of the Middle Eastern and the Southeast Asia countries. That's
where gum and candy is big for us. And the recuperation of gum and candy is going to be critical for us.
So we're doing a lot of work on how to promote gum consumption in the time of COVID, where people
are more -- spending more time at home and they're wearing masks and so on, which is contraindicative
for gum consumption. And we are trying to make sure that for next year, we see good momentum in that
category. So that's the part where I would say that we are a bit more careful. Luca?

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So on A&C, David, the way you have to see it is particularly in Q2, given the circumstances, we pulled
back. And so we doubled down in the second part of the year. And as we said many times, the share gains
that we're seeing, they are truly broad-based. They are across multiple brands, multiple countries. With
the exception, I would say, of gum, we are extremely pleased with the share gains we are seeing in biscuit
and chocolate. So we want to retain those, and we will continue to invest into 2021.

So between the fact that COVID costs will subside, between the fact that in Q2, we will be lapping lower
A&C spending, I think you will see an algorithm that in terms of EBIT and EPS expansion, should be in
line with expectations for next year. Don't expect the same material impact that we are having in the
second part of the year in terms of working media into next year as, a, we will be lapping a lower Q2;
and b, we will have other levers into the P&L, including COVID costs that will subside to be able to fund
this incremental investment. The reality is the more we can retain those share gains, the better, even in a
context where maybe categories will be slightly impacted by a potential recession.

Operator

And there are no...

Dirk Van de Put
Chairman & CEO

I think with that -- no further questions?

Operator

Yes, sir. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back to management for
closing remarks.

Dirk Van de Put

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Chairman & CEO

Okay. Thank you, Angela. Well, thank you for connecting. As you can see, we had a good solid third
quarter. We feel good about where the fourth quarter is heading and how we will close the year. We've
given you a first flavor of what '21 looks like, which we also feel pretty good about. And obviously, in
the next call, we will give you the guidance for the year if that is possible because you never know what
happens in this COVID situation. Thank you for your interest, and thank you for your questions. And if
there's anything else, feel free to connect to André or Shep, and we can give you more information. Thank
you.

Luca Zaramella
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 02, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

