Monster Beverage Corporation 

NasdaqGS:MNST
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 27, 2020 10:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.47

0.47

0.00

0.51

2.04

2.04

0.00

2.28

1011.01

1017.21

0.61

1036.92

4185.51

4200.82

0.37

4585.48

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-27-2020 9:32 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

0.43

0.56

0.54

0.49

0.53

0.55

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13.95 %

(5.36 %)

1.85 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

FQ4 2019

0.47

0.47

0.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

3

 
MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Hilton H. Schlosberg
Vice Chairman, President, COO,
CFO & Secretary

Rodney Cyril Sacks
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Monster Beverage Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Rodney Sacks, Chairman and CEO; and Mr. Hilton
Schlosberg, Vice President -- Vice Chairman, President and CFO. Please go ahead.

Rodney Cyril Sacks
Chairman & CEO

Hi. Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thanks for attending this call. I'm Rodney Sacks.
Hilton Schlosberg, Vice Chairman and President, is with me as is Tom Kelly, our Executive Vice President of
Finance.

Before we begin, I'd like to remind listeners that certain statements made during this call may constitute
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended and are based on currently available
information regarding the expectations of management with respect to revenues, profitability, future
business, future events, financial performance and trends.

Management cautions that these statements are based on our current knowledge and expectations and
are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside the control of the company that
may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made during this call.
Please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent annual
report on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2019, and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q
filed on November 7, 2019, including the sections contained therein entitled Risk Factors and Forward-
Looking Statements for a discussion on specific risks and uncertainties that may affect our performance.
The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise.

An explanation of our non-GAAP measure of gross sales and certain expenditures, which may be
mentioned during the course of this call, is provided in the notes and designated with asterisks in
the condensed consolidated statements of income and other information attached to the earnings
release dated February 27, 2020. A copy of this information is also available on our website at
monsterbevcorp.com in the Financial Information section. We are planning to leave some more time
for questions on today's call and on subsequent calls. With that in mind, we will not repeat many of the
numbers covered in our earnings release.

Consumer beverage preferences and tastes continue to evolve at an increasing pace, and we are
endeavoring to address them through our ongoing innovation of new products. In the fourth quarter of
2019, net sales were $1.02 billion, up 10.1% from $924.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2018. Adjusting
the 2018 fourth quarter for advanced purchases made following our November 1, 2018, price increase in
the U.S. as well as foreign currency movements, net sales for the 2019 fourth quarter would have been up
7.5%. Diluted earnings per share for the 2019 fourth quarter increased 9.7% to $0.47 from $0.43 in the
fourth quarter of 2018.

According to the Nielsen reports for the 13 weeks through January 25, 2020, for all outlets combined,
namely convenience, grocery, drug, mass merchandisers, sales in dollars in the energy drink category,
including energy shots, increased by 7% versus the same period a year ago. Sales of the company's
energy brands, including Reign, grew 3.7% in the 13-week period. Sales of Monster were down 3.9%.
Sales of NOS decreased 4.3% and sales of Full Throttle decreased 13%. Sales of Red Bull increased
5.5%. Sales of Rockstar decreased by 7.4%. Sales of 5-Hour decreased 5.5% and sales of Amp decreased
37.2%. As with no comparable sales of our Reign product last year, we've not referenced Reign.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

According to Nielsen, for the 4 weeks ended January 25, 2020, sales in the convenience and gas channel,
including energy shots in dollars, increased 5.7% over the same period the previous year. Sales of the
company's energy brands, which include Reign, grew 4.1% in the 4-week period in the convenience and
gas channel. Sales of Monster decreased by 4.2% over the same period the previous year. NOS was down
4.9%, and Full Throttle was down 13.3%. Sales of Red Bull were up 5.9%. Rockstar was down 8.6%, 5-
Hour was down 5.8%, and Amp was down 31%.

According to Nielsen, for the 4 weeks ended January 25, 2020, the company's market share of the energy
drink category in the convenience and gas channel, including energy shots in dollars, decreased by 0.6 of
a point over the same period the previous year to 40.8%. Monster share decreased 3.4 share points to
33.2%. Range share was 3.4%. NOS' share declined 0.4 of a share point to 3.5%. And Full Throttle share
declined 0.2 points to 0.8%. Red Bull increased 0.1 point to 33.4%. Rockstar share was down 0.9 points
to 5.5%. 5-Hour share was lower by 0.7 points at 5.6% and Amp share decreased by 2 points to 0.4%.
VPX Bang share increased 2 points to 7.6%.

According to Nielsen, for the 4 weeks ended January 25, 2020, sales of coffee plus energy drinks, which
includes Cafe Monster and Espresso Monster in dollars, in the convenience and gas channel increased
6.3% over the same period the previous year. Sales of our Java Monster alone were 5.5% higher than in
the same period the previous year. Sales of our coffee plus energy drinks were 2.7% lower, while sales
of Starbucks energy were 15.2% higher. Our company's share of the coffee plus energy category, which
includes Java Monster, Cafe Monster, Espresso Monster, Starbucks Doubleshot and Tripleshot, Rockstar
Roasted and Bang Keto Coffee for the 4 weeks ended January 25, 2020, was 52.6%, down 4.9 points.
Java Monster share on its own for the 4 weeks ended January 25, 2020, was 49.2%, down 0.4 of a point,
while Starbucks Energy share was 45%, up 3.5 points.

According to Nielsen, in the convenience and gas channel in Canada, for the 12 weeks ended January 4,
2020, the energy drink category increased 5% in dollars. Sales of the company's energy drink brands
were flat versus a year ago. The market share of the company's energy drink brands was 37.1%, down
2.2 points. Monster's market share decreased 1.7 points to 33.2%. NOS' sales decreased 2% and its
market share decreased 0.2 share points to 2.7%. Full Throttle sales decreased 10% and its market share
decreased by 3 points to 1.2%. Red Bull sales increased 7% and its market share increased 0.4 points to
36.2%. Rockstar sales increased 6% and its market share increased 0.2 points to 16%.

According to Nielsen, for all outlets combined in Mexico, the energy drink category grew 20.9% for the
month of December 2019. Monster sales increased 11.9%. Our market share in value decreased 2.3
points to 29.3% against the comparable period the previous year. Sales of Burn were down 77.5%.
Burn's market share decreased 1.2 points to 0.3%. Red Bull sales decreased 8.1% and its market share
decreased by 2.5 points to 7.8%. Vive 100 sales decreased 5.3%, and its market share decreased by 6.7
points to 24%. Vault's sales increased 47.2% and its market share increased 3 share points to 16.8%,
while Boost sales decreased 5.5% and its market share decreased 2.2 points to 8%. Amper, an affordable
energy brand launched in March 2019, increased its market share to 9.4% in the month of December
2019. Coca-Cola Energy market share was 3.5% in the month of December 2019. The Nielsen statistics
for Mexico cover single months, which is a short period that may often be materially influenced positively
and/or negatively by sales in the OXXO convenience chain, which dominates the market. Sales in the
OXXO convenience chain, in turn, can be materially influenced by promotions that may be undertaken in
that chain by one or more energy drink brands during a particular month. Consequently, such activities
could have a significant impact on the monthly Nielsen statistics for Mexico.

According to Nielsen, for the month of December 2019 compared to December 2018, Monster's retail
market share in value increased in Argentina from 16.9% to 33.5%, in Brazil from 19.6% to 27.4% and in
Chile from 34.9% to 39.8%. I'd like to point out that the Nielsen numbers in EMEA should only be used as
a guide because the channels read by Nielsen in EMEA vary from country to country and are reported on
varying dates within the month referred to from country to country. According to Nielsen, in the 13-week
period ended January 25, 2020, Monster's retail market share in value as compared to the same period
the previous year grew from 12.7% to 12.8% in Belgium, from 24.8% to 28.2% in France, from 16.4% to
17% in Germany, from 20.3% to 21.9% in Great Britain, from 17.8% to 24.9% in Norway, from 31.7% to
34.5% in Spain, but declined from 7.3% to 6.1% in the Netherlands and from 13.8% to 12.8% in Sweden.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

According to Nielsen, in the 13-week period ended in December 2019, Monster's retail market share
in value as compared to the same period the previous year grew from 13.3% to 13.6% in the Czech
Republic, from 33.6% to 34.7% in Greece, from 18.8% to 23% in the Republic of Ireland, from 18.1% to
20.6% in Italy and from 10.9% to 14.5% in Poland and from 15.8% to 17.4% in South Africa.

According to IRI, in Australia, Monster's market share in value for the 4 weeks ended December 29, 2019,
increased from 7.9 -- 7.5% to 9.3% as compared to the same period the previous year. Mother's market
share in value decreased from 13.5% to 12.5% during the same period.

According to IRI, in New Zealand, Monster's market share in value for the 4 weeks ended December 29,
2019, increased from 5.6% to 6.3% as compared to the same period the previous year. Live+ market
share in value decreased from 8.5% to 8.2%, and Mother's market share in value increased from 7.8% to
9.6%.

According to Nielsen, in South Korea, Monster's market share in value in all outlets combined for the
quarter ended December 2019 grew from 37.6% to 50.6% as compared to the same period in the
previous year. Monster is now the leading energy brand by market share in value in all outlets in South
Korea.

According to INTAGE, in Japan, Monster's market share in value in the convenience store channel for the
13-week period ended December 30, 2019, grew from 46.7% to 54.2% as compared to the same period
in the previous year. We again point out that certain market statistics that cover single months or 4-week
periods may often be materially influenced positively and/or negatively by promotions or other trading
factors during those periods.

Net sales to customers outside the U.S. were $319.6 million, 31.4% of total net sales in the 2019 fourth
quarter compared with $274.3 million or 29.7% of total net sales in the corresponding quarter in 2018.
Foreign currency exchange rates had the effect of decreasing net sales in U.S. dollars by approximately
$9.1 million. Included in reported geographic sales are our sales to the company's military customers,
which are delivered in the U.S. and transshipped to the military and their customers overseas.

In EMEA, supply chain and production issues have largely been resolved. In EMEA, net sales in the fourth
quarter increased 8.6% in dollars and increased 12.8% in local currencies over the same period in 2018.
Gross profit in this region as a percentage of net sales for the quarter was 38.7% compared to 42.1% in
the same quarter in 2018. Gross profit percentage for the region was impacted by country and product
mix. We're also pleased that Monster continues to perform well and gained market share in Belgium,
Czech Republic, France, Germany, Great Britain, Greece, Italy, Norway, Poland, the Republic of Ireland,
South Africa and Spain.

In Asia Pacific, net sales in the fourth quarter increased 49.9% in dollars and 47.9% in local currencies
over the same period in 2018. Gross profit in this region as a percentage of net sales was 40.2% versus
46.1% over the same period in 2018 as a result of country and product mix. In Japan, net sales in the
quarter increased 84.2% in dollars and 76.8% in local currency. In South Korea, net sales increased
51.5% in dollars and 58.5% in local currency as compared to the same quarter in 2018.

In Oceania, which includes Australia, New Zealand, Tahiti, French Polynesia, New Caledonia, Papua New
Guinea and Guam, net sales decreased 4.1% in dollars and increased 0.8% in local currencies, although
I'd like to point out that sales of the Monster brand increased 18.4% in dollars and 24.5% in local currency
as compared to the same quarter in 2018.

In Latin America, including Mexico and the Caribbean, net sales in the fourth quarter increased 6.9%
in dollars and 16.2% in local currencies over the same period in 2018. Gross profit in this region as a
percentage of net sales was 42.6% compared to 44.7% over the same period in 2018. In Brazil, net
sales in the quarter increased by 35.8% in dollars and increased 44% in local currency. Net sales in Chile
decreased 14.8% in dollars and 17.6 -- sorry, 7.6% in local currency in the quarter.

In January 2020, Monster Energy was launched by the Coca-Cola Bottler in Israel. We continued the
rollout of Monster across India and began the launch of Mango Loco in December. We also continued
Ultra White's expansion from September's launch to further provide a broad portfolio with strong taste

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

experiences for Indian consumers. The Monster range continued to build significant active distribution
increases across China in the 2019 fourth quarter versus a year ago, but the situation in China is currently
challenging. I wanted to provide an update regarding the recent coronavirus, or COVID-19 outbreak.

First of all, our #1 priority is the safety of our employees in China. We are thinking of everyone who has
been affected by coronavirus, and we continue to monitor the situation closely. In addition to having
employees in China, we and our suppliers currently globally source certain ingredients from third-party
manufacturers in Wuhan and other parts of China. We also manufacture finished goods through third-
party bottlers and co-packers in China. The coronavirus outbreak could adversely affect our business
and cause disruptions internationally due to the closure or suspension of activities at such third-party
manufacturers as well as within China at our co-packing facilities and our China office. Ingredient sourcing
delays could also interfere with and/or delay production of certain of our products internationally. In
addition, the outbreak together within the accompanying special government measures could adversely
affect the growth of our business in China and affect demand for our products. However, it's too early to
determine what impact it will have on our global supply chain and our operations. As I've said before, our
first priority is employee safety, and we are continuing to monitor the situation closely.

I will now briefly discuss our litigation with Vital Pharmaceuticals, Inc., VPX, the maker of Bang energy
drinks. Monster filed a lawsuit against VPX in September 2018 for false advertising. VPX filed a trademark
lawsuit in March 2019 against Monster in relation to our Reign Total Body Fuel high-performance energy
drinks, and another lawsuit suit in August 2019 against Monster alleging a host of legal challenges,
including many similar to the claims Monster alleged against VPX. These proceedings are ongoing. In
October 2019, the U.S. District Court denied VPX's motion for a preliminary injunction against our Reign
Total Body Fuel high-performance energy drinks in its trademark lawsuit. In its decision, the court ruled
that VPX failed to meet any of the elements of a preliminary injunction and failed to establish it is likely to
succeed on the merits of its claims.

In October 2019, VPX announced its intention to launch its own line of Reign-branded energy drinks
in 16-ounce cans to be sold in convenience stores. Later that month, we filed an expedited motion for
a preliminary injunction asking the court to stop this product launch and prevent VPX from infringing
Monster's trademark rights in this way. In November 2019, VPX stipulated that I would refrain from
launching such products until the district judge entered a final order on the preliminary injunction motion.
In January 2020, the magistrate judge issued a reported recommendation that an injunction be granted in
Monster's favor. Motions for summary judgment have been filed by Monster in this proceeding and which
are currently pending. In the event that summary judgment is not granted, the matter is scheduled for
trial in May 2020. As this litigation and other pending proceedings with VPX are subjudicate, we will not be
answering any questions on this matter on today's call.

In October, we launched Java Monster Farmer's Oats, which contains oatmeal and is our first plant-based
coffee product being nondairy and vegan as well as 2 new flavors in the Reign brand family, Strawberry
Sublime and Mang-O-Matic, to supplement our Orange Dreamsicle line extension, which was launched at
the end of the third quarter. During the fourth quarter of 2019, we also extended Ultra paradise, Reign
Melon Mania and Reign Razzle Berry in multipacks.

In 2020, in the United States, we will be discontinuing our Cafe Monster line of products and repositioning
our Espresso Monster line. We launched Reign Inferno thermogenic fuel in Jalapeno Strawberry, Red
Dragon and True Blue at the end of January 2020. We launched Mango Loco in Argentina during the fourth
quarter of 2019. In Puerto Rico, in January 2020, we launched Reign Strawberry Sublime and Mang-O-
Matic as well as Muscle Monster vanilla and chocolate. We launched Monster Energy, Monster Energy
Absolutely Zero and Monster Energy Valentino Rossi in Israel in January 2020. Monster Pacific Punch
was launched in Belgium, Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Republic of Ireland in January 2020 and
is planned to be launched in -- to a further 7 markets in 2020. Monster Pipeline Punch will be launched
in the Baltics and Norway this year and will then be available in 17 markets across EMEA. Monster Ultra
Paradise was launched in Great Britain, Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland in January 2020 and
in Sweden in February 2020 and is planned to be launched into a further 18 markets throughout 2020.
Espresso Monster was launched in Belgium, the Republic of Ireland and Poland in the fourth quarter of
2019 in both mocha and vanilla variants. We also launched both variants in the Baltics, the Netherlands

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

and Portugal in January 2020 and in Austria in February 2020. Espresso Monster mocha and vanilla
variants are now available in 14 markets in EMEA. We are planning to roll out 2 flavors of Espresso
Monster or into a further 9 markets throughout 2020.

Additionally, we have launched Espresso Monster Salted Caramel in Germany and Great Britain in
December 2019. We're planning to roll out our Salted Caramel Espresso variant in a further 5 EMEA
markets throughout 2020. Reign was launched in Great Britain, Northern Ireland and the Republic of
Ireland in the fourth quarter of 2019, and we are planning to launch Reign in Germany by the end of the
first quarter of 2020. Additionally, we are planning to launch into a further 7 markets throughout 2020.

Monster Hydro Sport was launched in Germany, Great Britain, Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland
in the fourth quarter of 2019 and in France in January 2020. We are planning to launch Hydro Sport in
Norway and Sweden by the end of the first quarter of 2020. We launched Predator, our affordable energy
brand, in Kenya and Uganda in the fourth quarter of 2019. Additionally, we launched Predator in Poland
in January 2020 and are planning to launch Predator in Afghanistan, Czech Republic, Ghana and Hungary
in the first quarter of 2020. We're also planning to launch Predator into a further 11 EMEA markets
throughout 2020, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Bosnia, Croatia, Ethiopia, Iraq, Russia, Slovenia, Nigeria, the
Netherlands and the UAE. We launched Monster Mother Epic Swell in Australia during the fourth quarter of
2019 with a convenience customer before a national launch in January 2020. Monster Mill also launched
in Australia in January 2020. In South Korea, we further expanded Pipeline Punch to 90% of convenience
stores with initial positive results. We launched Mango Loco in India during December and completed Ultra
White's rollout in India, Vietnam and Malaysia during the 2019 fourth quarter. We are planning to launch a
number of products in Asia Pacific over the upcoming months, including a full country relaunch of Pipeline
Punch in Japan in March 2020 and Ultra Paradise in South Korea and Japan later this year.

We estimate January 2020 gross sales to be approximately 15.3% higher than in January 2019. On a
foreign currency adjusted basis, January 2020 gross sales would have been approximately 15.7% higher
than comparable January 2019 gross sales. January 2020 had the same number of selling days than in
January 2019. In this regard, we caution again that sales over a short period are often disproportionately
impacted by various factors, such as, for example, selling days, days of the week in which holidays
fall, timing of new product launches and the timing of price increases and promotions in retail stores,
distributor incentives as well as shifts in the timing of production in some instances where our bottlers
are responsible for production and unilaterally determine their production schedules, which affects the
dates on which we invoice such bottlers as well as inventory levels maintained by our distribution partners,
which they alter unilaterally for their own business reasons. We reiterate that sales over a short period,
such as a single month or even 2 months, should not necessarily be imputed to or regarded as indicative
of results for a full quarter or any future period.

In conclusion, I'd like to summarize some recent positive points. Retail sale statistics from many countries
around the world demonstrate that the energy category is continuing to grow and that Monster is
generally growing ahead of the category in line with earlier periods. New additions to the Monster family
continue to add to the company's sales. We are excited about the prospects for our brands and our new
product launches this year as well as our innovation pipeline in 2020. We're encouraged by the prospects
for our Reign Total Body Fuel high-performance energy drinks and Reign Inferno thermogenic fuel high-
performance energy drinks not only within the U.S., but also internationally.

We are pleased with our growth and performance in our international markets. Net sales in the fourth
quarter in EMEA increased 12.8% in local currency, in Asia Pacific increased 47.9% in local currency and in
Latin America and the Caribbean increased 16.2% in local currency. We reiterate the growth potential for
us in China and India.

We are proceeding with our plans for future launches of our affordable energy brands internationally. We
are also proceeding with our plans for the launch of Reign Total Body Fuel high-performance energy drinks
in certain countries outside of the U.S.A.
I would like to open the floor to questions about the quarter and the year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So gross margins returned to year-over-year expansion in the quarter after fairly significant compression
generally in the last couple of years. So can you just discuss some of the key factors that drove that
sequential year-over-year improvement in Q4? And if you think those factors are more sustainable as we
look out to 2020? And then just on the U.S. front, can you discuss your shelf space outlook, particularly
with Coke Energy launch? And if you think you've seen any market share impact from the Coke Energy
launch so far?

Rodney Cyril Sacks
Chairman & CEO

So maybe I can address the gross profit issue that you referred to. So if you look at worldwide, what the
positive factors worldwide, well, obviously, the price increase in the U.S. and Canada, and then product
mix particularly with Reign, which is a better gross margin than some of our juice and coffee products. We
also had benefits in [ '19 ] because we were manufacturing Java Monsters domestically and we weren't
importing from the U.S. and aluminum and other raw materials were a positive factor. So that was the
positives. Against that, we continue to have, and you'll see the gross margins that we referred to on this
call. Against that, you'll continually see a change in the strategic brands versus the Monster products and
the strategic brands because they are concentrates, they have higher margins than the finished goods
product. So that's -- you'll continue to see that as an offset. You'll continue to be -- see geographic mix
as an issue because, obviously, in the U.S., our margins are strong. They are less strong in other parts of
the world, for all the reasons we've spoken to in the past, and you'll see the same trend with regard to
product mix as we sell -- internationally as we sell more juice products and more coffee products, they
have a lower margin than the traditional Monster products and Reign products. So that's in a nutshell
where we are with margin.

Operator

Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

If you can comment on how the launches, in particular, Reign Inferno, and how incrementally has been to
your quarter-to-date update? And as a follow-up to your coronavirus commentary, obviously, safety is the
most important at this point. But what is your view on the monitoring in California and overall changes in
mobility? Have you seen any greater impact in convenience stores so far against the other channels?

Hilton H. Schlosberg
Vice Chairman, President, COO, CFO & Secretary

Perhaps, I'll just take the -- Inferno has been really well received. The initial -- it's really very new to
tell, but the sales have been good. The line extensions that we introduced into the Reign line, including
particular Orange Dreamsicle, have also been well received. So the numbers are looking really positive for
Orange Dreamsicle and the other new products as well as Reign. So anecdotally, we've had some good
response both to the concept of the thermogenic inferno products as well as to the actual flavors.

Rodney Cyril Sacks
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

So Alex, if you look at, for example, what's happening in China, we're seeing, obviously, significant foot
traffic decreasing in the bigger stores and the convenience stores have -- they have -- and are suffering,
but not to the same degree. So if you translate that back to California, we haven't seen any implications
yet. But the whole idea of the situation in China is that they limit the number of shoppers in particular
stores. So that's why you'll see reduced foot traffic in the bigger stores and more concentrated foot traffic
in the convenience stores. But we haven't seen any implications of that at this time.

And then if I could just talk about the coronavirus for one second, I've been asked and I haven't really
answered it because I was waiting to answer it on the call. And we don't normally give numbers, sales
in various countries. But what I can tell you is that our sales in China in 2019 were less than 1% of our
consolidated net sales for the company. So that puts a little bit in perspective because it was a little bit of
nervousness, but it's less than 1%.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

So Hilton, last month in New York, you acknowledged potential -- I think -- you think you framed to those
issues of focus as Coke Bottlers were taking on Coke Energy and bring it to the market in the U.S. Just I
guess some update there and how you're feeling about those bottlers' execution on your brands now that
we're a couple of months into the year. The January numbers imply that you've had some good uptake
of that innovation, but just any color around that and around the in-market execution that you're seeing
would be great. And then just to give voice to a question Dara had asked that I think we might have lost
sight of. Just any additional color on the cooler and shelf set redesigns as they're shaping up in the U.S.
Are you getting the positioning that you thought you would? Is Coke Energy getting the position that you
thought it would relative to yourselves and Red Bull and others? That, too, would be great.

Rodney Cyril Sacks
Chairman & CEO

Okay. So the situation with our bottlers is always going to be a challenge now, and we know that, and
we're working with all of our bottlers and our field teams and our guys on the street are working very
closely to ensure that we get the right type of representation on shelves. The anecdotal information
that I've seen is that Coca-Cola Energy took off and, unfortunately or fortunately, there doesn't seem
to be a very strong amount of repeat purchases. However, they will continue, we believe, to spend
significant amounts of dollars on their products. And what we have to do is -- what I've probably said
in New York and I'll say it again, we have to stay true to our lives and ensure that our products get the
right representation in the stores and we don't suffer the issues of shelf space that, for example, we
experienced in Australia and we alluded to that in our presentation as well. But the news of today is that
Coca-Cola Energy has been -- in its current form has been discontinued from the 2 major retailers in
Australia.

Hilton H. Schlosberg
Vice Chairman, President, COO, CFO & Secretary

If I could just -- perhaps just add a little bit on that on color. We've looked at some of the schematics
that have come out for this year in the U.S., which is the -- obviously, the place where Coke Energy has
recently been launched. And if we look at the schematics for that, plus, obviously, the performance energy
products, by and large, we are getting increased shelf space, both for our general products as well as our
Reign products and Inferno, including our innovation. And perhaps, if we look back on '19, some of the
innovation that we introduced didn't quite get the real estate and distribution levels that we had hoped
for and we thought -- and that probably was -- affected us a little bit in the 2019 year. But if you look
at the new products, we have a really robust pipeline of new products. We have new Reign products,
Inferno. We've got Ultra Fiesta and Ultra Rosa in the Ultra line that are 2 really good products. We have
NOS Turbo, which is sort of a performance energy product to help boost the NOS line. We've got our new
Hydro Sport SKUs, we have a new Java 300 line, which has a higher caffeine content to compete with the
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Starbucks Tripleshot. So -- and we are looking at the SKUs and we're getting a lot of good listings for the
innovation. So hopefully, execution of our bottlers and distribution partners this year on -- particularly
on innovation will be better, and we are getting extra innovation. In many cases, we are getting the
performance products onto an additional or separate shelf. In some cases, it's simply an expansion of and
within the energy set.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Two very quick ones. First one for Hilton. The G&A in the quarter, this one is a bit granular, but I think that
needs to be asked to sort of explain some of the profit margin pressure in the quarter. So gross margin
better, but G&A was quite a bit higher, even excluding the intellectual property claim. Can you talk a little
bit about some of the drivers there? And I know you don't like to guide, but should we expect sort of
normalization on that line item looking out for the balance of the year?

And then, Hilton, just on the performance segment, understanding your comments already on the shelf
space reset, but can we get updated thoughts there? So Bang, obviously, made a lot of noise, but the
market share on that product is down about a point sequentially from where it was around the time of
the launch of Reign. And when we look at the combined market share of those 2 brands, being and &
Reign, it's kind of hanging around this 11% sort of area. So your updated thoughts on the outlook for
performance for the balance of '20 and sort of beyond that. Are we sort of at a place where this 11%
market share is kind of the right number? Or you think it goes beyond that? And if so, why?

Rodney Cyril Sacks
Chairman & CEO

Okay. Wow, that's quite enough.

Hilton H. Schlosberg
Vice Chairman, President, COO, CFO & Secretary

That's about 24 questions in one.

Rodney Cyril Sacks
Chairman & CEO

If we talk a little bit about G&A, I think we were satisfied with the G&A that was spent in the quarter. We
were rolling off the NASCAR program, and we have a big push into social media. And that was one of the
big factors that we kind of were duplicating some of the social media costs in the quarter as we roll off the
NASCAR program. So you won't see that NASCAR program to the same degree in 2020. And then when I
look at the rest of the G&A, payroll is obviously increasing higher than ordinarily we would like, but we're
running an international business today that's growing and developing and you could see from the sales
and the number of countries we're in that we have to support the organization. So quite apart from other
small issues, which -- or not small issues, but other issues, which you'll pick up in the K, I don't want
to go into them now. All I can tell you is that I think that apart from that litigation, which, obviously, we
were really unhappy about, but it's a fact of doing business in the U.S., and I always tell everyone, I'm
not a lawyer, but I listen to these juries, and it's like it is what it is. But I'm satisfied that our G&A is under
control.

So -- sorry what -- the next question you asked was about the percentage of the performance energy
products in the U.S.? And with that...

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Yes...

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Hilton H. Schlosberg
Vice Chairman, President, COO, CFO & Secretary

Yes, sorry.

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Yes, I'm sorry, not to. It was just basically broadly outlook for performance segment, which, of course, has
made a lot of noise over the past year or 2. But Bang's market share is now down about a point, Reign
is 3, 3.5, it's is in that range. And when you look at the combined market share of those 2 brands, it's
been sort of bouncing around this 11% sort of area. So where does that leave us? What's your outlook for
performance energy? And what's its role in the category going forward?

Rodney Cyril Sacks
Chairman & CEO

Well, I think, Rodney put up his hand. So I'm happy for him to take over.

Hilton H. Schlosberg
Vice Chairman, President, COO, CFO & Secretary

All right. Just looking at that section, I think the section that -- again, we call it the performance section,
but really it's part of the energy category, and it's really energy. It's a question of whether we can carve
out additional space with retailers to look at attracting increased buyers into the categories. And so
I think that you are -- we are seeing some increased buyers coming into the category. And the set is
sort of starting to settle down now. You're getting space allocated to Bang, space allocated to Reign,
including Inferno. We're seeing a little bit of space being allocated to some of the competitors. You've got
Rockstar with their sort of line, and they've come out with a thermogenic line as well. And then you've
got Adrenaline Shoc and then some of the smaller guys who are trying to get space, but don't have the
distribution dips, CELSIUS and C4. So -- but we think it is panning out. So it's sort of starting to settle
down. It may grow a little bit, but we certainly don't know. We think that there is an appetite. There is an
increased consumer base through the different type of products that we've introduced now, for example,
through Inferno. But we do -- we don't give, as I said, guidance, I think you know that. And we certainly
don't have a crystal ball, but we think that there is some positive growth that will be achieved in energy
generally. And I think that this subset of types of products within the energy category will grow a little
bit. And we are launching, for example, our Hydro Super Sport and that, again, is sort of an advanced
hydration, but it does have BCAAs and higher caffeine. So a lot of products like that, Turbo, are starting to
play into this area. Just really -- really just dividing up the attributes that consumers are looking for. Some
consumers are looking for higher caffeine or BCAAs, and we think that, that will help the whole category
grow as well as these specific products within the category.

Rodney Cyril Sacks
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I can just add to that, Kevin. I'm a consumer of these products, and I honestly believe the category
is here to stay, but where it will go, I don't think anybody knows. I think the main thing is that we have
a number of SKUs that are addressing the category. We have some new product innovation that's coming
in terms of flavors, and we're pretty excited about that whole performance energy part of the energy
category, but it's one part. There's lots of other parts to it as well.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mark Astrachan of Stifel.

Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

So Hilton, I wanted to go back to gross margin. I know I seem to ask this question a lot on calls, but
international, in particular, I guess, how should we think about that going forward? I'm not asking

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

guidance, but I guess, it seems like the pressure on the strategic brands is having an outsized impact on
that number. So as you go to the back half of '20 you start lapping these low double-digit declines that
you had in 3Q and 4Q. You're obviously launching Predator now. I guess, that's not -- you're launching
Predator now that's a concentrate model, so that should help. How should we be thinking about kind of
those moving parts? Meaning as you lap easier comparisons as you get the benefit from Predator, should
that help stabilize international gross margins? Can they move a little bit higher if Predator works in these
markets? Maybe just a bit more color there in terms of the puts and takes on thinking about international
margins would be helpful.

Rodney Cyril Sacks
Chairman & CEO

Yes, I think that as we look at the international business, we've spoken about the way the pricing structure
works in those markets that we try and price ourselves close to where Red Bull is and that we have
different models with the bottlers internationally that kind of force us into a different gross margin
computation than we have in the U.S. Having said that, if I look, for example, at the EMEA margin, which
we discussed earlier on the call, and the margins there fell from 42% to 38.7%, but there were a number
of factors that went into that result. Firstly -- and we've spoken about this before, we have country mix,
we have brand mix, we have product mix. So we have a very extensive product -- project now to reduce
the juice content in a number of our juice products to enhance margin. We have other projects, and I
just came back from the U.K. about 2 weeks ago where the whole meeting was just focused on margin,
focused on freight in, focused on co-packers, focused on where best to allocate our resources to try and
improve the gross margins. And we have this concentrate and Monster progression. That, of course, will
be resolved in part when we're able to get Predator up and running. So there were a number of factors.
And then you always have one-offs in the quarter. So in the fourth quarter, we had about a 1 percentage
hit to gross margin in EMEA through one-off costs. So I think we're very well aware from this office of
the need to improve margins, and we are working on improving the margins within the constraints of
the strategic brands having higher margins than the Monster brands and Reign brands. Obviously, our
objective is to sell more Monster and sell more Reign. And if that takes away from the strategic brands,
then so be it because this is the Monster Beverage Corporation. This is what our mission is to sell Monster
and Reign products. So if -- the strategic brands will, in fact, over time, they make a hit, we're doing the
best we can to keep them at their current levels and improve on that. But it's a mix, and it will continue to
be a mix. And I'm not sure there's anything more I could say. I probably said too much.

Operator

This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr.
Sacks and Mr. Schlosberg for any closing remarks.

Hilton H. Schlosberg
Vice Chairman, President, COO, CFO & Secretary

Thank you. On behalf of Monster, I'd like to thank everyone for their continued interest in the company.
We continue to believe in the company and our growth strategy and remain committed to continuing to
innovate, develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the company both at home and abroad and,
in particular, to expand distribution of our products through the Coca-Cola Bottler system internationally.
We are particularly excited about the new opportunities we have going forward with a portfolio of energy
drinks throughout the world comprised of our Monster energy brand together with the strategic brands
as well as Hydro, Predator and Reign and the pretty extensive new innovation that we have recently
introduced and are planning to continue to introduce throughout the rest of 2020. Thank you very much
for your attendance.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

