Monster Beverage Corporation 

NasdaqGS:MNST
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 04, 2021 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.67

0.63

(5.97 %)

0.62

2.80

2.97

Revenue  (mm)

1394.73

1410.56

1.14

1314.51

5425.16

5957.70

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-04-2021 8:44 PM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.62

0.62

0.67

0.67

0.62

0.59

0.75

0.63

0.00 %

(4.84 %)

11.94 %

(5.97 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Hilton H. Schlosberg
Co-CEO & Vice Chairman

Rodney Cyril Sacks
Co-CEO & Chairman

Thomas J. Kelly
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Bonnie Lee Herzog
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Peter Thomas Galbo
BofA Securities, Research Division

Wendy Caroline Nicholson
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, and welcome to the Monster Beverage Company Third Quarter 2021 Conference Call.

[Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the conference over to Rodney Sacks and Hilton Schlosberg, Co-CEOs. Please go
ahead.

Rodney Cyril Sacks
Co-CEO & Chairman

Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for attending this call. I'm Rodney Sacks.
Hilton Schlosberg, our Vice Chairman and my Co-Chief Executive Officer, is on the call; as is Tom Kelly, our
Chief Financial Officer. Tom will now read our cautionary statement.

Thomas J. Kelly
Chief Financial Officer

Before we begin, I would like to remind listeners that certain statements made during this call may
constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as
amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended and are based on currently
available information regarding the expectations of management with respect to revenues, profitability,
future business, future events, financial performance, trends as well as the future impact of the COVID-19
pandemic on the company's business and operations. Management cautions that these statements are
based on our current knowledge and expectations and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, many
of which are outside the control of the company, that may cause actual results to differ materially from the
forward-looking statements made during this call.

Please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent annual
report on Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2021, including the sections contained therein, entitled Risk Factors
and Forward-Looking Statements, for a discussion on specific risks and uncertainties that may affect our
performance. The company assumes no obligations to update any forward-looking statements, whether as
a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

I would now like to hand the call over to Rodney Sacks.

Rodney Cyril Sacks
Co-CEO & Chairman

Thank you, Tom. Despite the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the company achieved record
third quarter net sales. During the 2021 third quarter, the company procured additional quantities of
aluminum cans from suppliers in the United States, South America and Asia in response to increased
consumer demand. However, the company continued to experience shortages in its aluminum can
requirements in the United States and EMEA during the 2021 third quarter. In addition, the company
continued to experience additional supply chain challenges, including freight inefficiencies, trucking
availability, shortages of shipping containers, port of entry congestion, insufficient co-packing capacity and
delays in receiving certain ingredients in the United States and EMEA. As a result, the company was not
able to fully satisfy increased demand in the United States and EMEA in the 2021 third quarter.

During the 2021 third quarter, the company continued to experience increased aluminum can costs
attributable to higher aluminum commodity pricing and costs of importing aluminum cans. In addition, the
company experienced increased ingredient and input costs, including shipping and freight, labor, trucking,
fuel, co-packing fees and secondary packaging materials and increased outbound freight costs, all of which
resulted in increased cost of sales and increased operating costs in the 2021 third quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

The company continues to address the challenges in its supply chain as it navigates through the
uncertainty of the current global supply chain environment. We are experiencing increased costs in our
operations, some of which are likely to be transitory. And we have and are in the process of implementing
reductions in promotions and other pricing actions in the United States and EMEA to mitigate such
increased costs.

In the third quarter of 2021, net sales were $1.41 billion compared with $1.25 billion in the third quarter
of 2020, an increase of 13.2%. Adjusting for foreign currency movements, net sales for the 2021 third
quarter would have been up 11.9%.

Gross profit, as a percentage of net sales for the 2021 third quarter, was 55.9% compared with 59.1%
in the 2020 third quarter. The decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net sales for the 3 months
ended September 30, 2021, was primarily the result of increased aluminum can costs attributable to
higher aluminum commodity pricing as well as the cost of importing aluminum cans, logistical costs and
geographical sales mix.

Operating expenses for the 2021 third quarter was $344.7 million compared with $277.9 million in the
2020 third quarter. As a percentage of net sales, operating expenses for the 2021 third quarter were
24.4% compared with 22.3% in the 2020 third quarter and 24.5% in the 2019 third quarter pre-COVID.
In particular, operating costs were adversely affected by increased logistical inefficiencies, including higher
freight out and warehousing costs, a onetime distributor termination fee of $5.3 million and increased
selling and marketing expenses, including the resumption of certain sponsorship and event activities
as compared to the same quarter last year. A number of sponsorship activities were canceled in the
comparable quarter last year due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Operating income increased (sic) [ decreased ] 3.1% to $444.5 million from $458.6 million in the third
quarter of 2020, primarily driven by increased input costs, increased transportation, increased selling
expenses and a onetime distributed termination fee of $5.3 million. Net income decreased 3% to $337.2
million as compared to $347.7 million in the 2020 comparable quarter. Diluted earnings per share for the
2021 third quarter decreased 3.5% to $0.63 from $0.65 in the third quarter of 2020.

According to the Nielsen reports for the 13 weeks through October 23, 2021, for all outlets combined,
namely convenience, grocery, drug, mass merchandisers, sales in dollars in the energy drink category,
including energy shots, increased by 12.8% versus the same period a year ago. Sales of the company's
energy brands, including Reign, were up 7.1% in the 13-week period. Sales of Monster were up 10.7%.
Sales of Reign were down 7.6%. Sales of NOS decreased 18.3% and sales of Full Throttle increased
8.9%. It is important to note that with regard to the decrease in sales of NOS, during the third quarter,
we experienced shortages in the supply of concentrate for NOS, which resulted in reduced production,
reduced sales and lack of product availability at retail.

The nonsupplier issues are improving. Sales of Red Bull increased 15.6%, sales of Rockstar decreased
by 12.5% and sales of 5-Hour increased 3%. VPX Bang sales increased 5.1%. According to Nielsen, for
the 4 weeks ended October 23, 2021, sales in dollars in the energy drink category in the convenience
and gas channel, including energy shots, in dollars increased 8.8% over the same period the previous
year. Sales of the company's energy brands, which include Reign, increased 4.3% in the 4-week period in
the convenience and gas channel. Sales of Monster increased by 7.4% over the same period versus the
previous year. Reign sales decreased 6.7%. NOS' sales were down 17.5%, and Full Throttle was up 7.8%.

Sales of Red Bull were up 13.1%. Rockstar was down 14.7% and 5-Hour was up 1.9%. VPX Bang's
sales increased 3.4%. According to Nielsen, for the 4 weeks ended October 23, 2021, the company's
market share of the energy drink category in the convenience and gas channel, including energy shots, in
dollars, decreased 1.6 points to 36.4%. Monster's share decreased 0.4 of a share point to 30.8%. Reign's
decreased 0.4 of a share point to 2.4%. NOS' share decreased 0.8 points to 2.4% and Full Throttle share
remained at 0.8 of 1%. Red Bull's share increased 1.4 points to 37.6%. Rockstar's share was down 1 point
to 3.8%. 5-Hour's share was lower by 0.3 of a point at 4.5%. VPX Bang's share decreased 0.4 of a point
to 7.4%.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

As previously reported, Coca-Cola Energy is being discontinued in the United States and Canada by the
end of 2021. According to Nielsen, for the 4 weeks ended October 23, 2021, sales in dollars of the coffee
plus energy drink category, which includes our Java Monster line, in the convenience and gas channel
increased 1.3% over the same period the previous year. Sales of Java Monster, including Java Monster
300, was 7.1% higher in the same period versus the previous year. Sales of Starbucks Energy were 5%
lower.

Java Monster's share, including Java Monster 300, of the coffee plus energy category, which primarily
includes Java Monster, Java Monster 300, Starbucks Double Shot and Tripleshot, Rockstar Roasted and
Bang Keto Coffee, for the 4 weeks ended October 23, 2021, was 52.6%, up 2.9 points, while Starbucks
Energy's share was 44.5%, down 3 points. According to Stackline, which tracks energy drink sales by
Amazon in the United States, for the 4-week period ending October 2, 2021, sales in dollars in the energy
category by Amazon, including energy shots, increased 39.9% over the same period the previous year.

Sales of Monster increased 18.9%, and its share was 27.2%, down 4.8 share points versus the same
period a year ago. Red Bull sales increased 41.4%, and its share was 15.7%, up 0.2 points. CELSIUS'
sales increased 95.2%, and its share increased 5.5 points to 19.4%. 5-Hour's sales increased 0.5%, and
its share declined 1.1 points to 2.9%. VPX Bang's sales increased 36.6%, and its share decreased 0.1 of a
share point to 5.6%. Reign's share decreased 0.2 of a share point to 4.8%, and Rockstar's share increased
by 1.7 share points to 5.2%.

According to Nielsen, in all measured channels in Canada, for the 12 weeks ended October 9, 2021, the
energy drink category increased 10.5% in dollars. Sales of the company's energy drink brands increased
13.3% versus a year ago. The market share of the company's energy drink brands was 41.3%, up 1
point. Monster's sales increased 14.4%, and its market share increased 1.2 points to 36.2%. NOS' sales
increased 1%, and its market share decreased 0.2 of a point to 1.7%. Full Throttle sales increased 5.9%,
and its market share remained at 0.7 of 1%. Red Bull's sales increased 11.9%, and its market share
increased 0.5 of a point to 39.3%. Rockstar sales decreased 1.2%, and its market share decreased 1.4
points to 11.5%. Guru's sales increased 21.5%, and its share increased 0.4 of a share point to 3.9%.

According to Nielsen, for all outlets combined in Mexico, the energy drink category increased 26.6%
for the month of September 2021. Monster sales increased 15.7%. Monster's market share in value
decreased 2.5 points to 26.2% against the comparable period the previous year. Sales of Predator, which
was launched in March 2020, increased 95.1%, and its market share increased 1 share point to 2.8%.
Red Bull's sales increased 17.6%, and its market share decreased by 0.5 point to 6.1%. Vive 100 sales
increased 7.6%, and its market share decreased by 3.3 points to 19%. Vault's sales increased 34.2%,
and its market share increased 1.1 share points to 19.5%. While Boost's sales increased 12.8%, and its
market share decreased 0.7 points to 5.3%. Amper sales increased 55.5%, and its market share increased
3.4 points to 18.2%.

The Nielsen statistics for Mexico cover single months, which is a short period, that may often be materially
influenced positively and/or negatively by sales in the OXXO convenience chain, which dominates the
market. Sales in the OXXO convenience chain, in turn, can be materially influenced by promotions
that may be undertaken in that chain by one or more energy drink brands during a particular month.
Consequently, such activities could have a significant impact on the monthly Nielsen statistics for Mexico.

According to Nielsen, for the month of September 2021 compared to September 2020, Monster's retail
market share in value increased in Argentina from 44.2% to 47.6%. Monster Energy continues to be the
leading energy brand in value in Argentina. Monster's retail market share in value increased in Brazil from
33% to 37.6% and now trails Red Bull by only 3.3 points. In Chile, although Monster's net sales in the
third quarter were 34% higher, its retail market share for the month of September decreased from 46.6%
to 42.2% due to robust growth in the energy category in Chile, which has grown 65% for the month of
September 2021.

I would like to point out that the Nielsen numbers in EMEA should only be used as a guide because the
channels read by Nielsen in EMEA vary from country to country and are reported on varying dates within
the month referred to from country to country. According to Nielsen, in the 13-week period ending October
10, 2021, Monster's retail market share in value as compared to the same period the previous year grew

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

from 13.5% to 13.6% in Belgium, from 25.8% to 26.3% in France, from 25.4% to 29% in Great Britain,
from 7.5% to 7.7% in the Netherlands and from 35.8% to 36.7% in Spain.

According to Nielsen, in the 13-week period until the end of September 2021, Monster's retail market
share in value as compared to the same period the previous year grew from 14.2% to 14.9% in Germany,
from 37% to 38.6% in Greece and from 18.3% to 20.2% in South Africa. Monster's retail market share in
value as compared to the same period the previous year declined from 20.1% to 19.5% in Poland.

According to Nielsen, in the 13-week period ending September 12, 2021, Monster's retail market share in
value as compared to the same period the previous year grew from 25.4% to 27.3% in Denmark, from
26.2% to 27.5% in the Republic of Ireland and from 13.3% to 13.6% in Sweden. Monster's retail market
share in value as compared to the same period the previous year declined from 27.1% to 22% in Norway.

According to Nielsen, in the 13-week period ending August 31, 2021, Monster's retail market share in
value as compared to the same period the previous year grew from 13% to 14.6% in the Czech Republic
and from 19.9% to 29.1% in Italy.

In the 2021 third quarter, sales in EMEA were adversely impacted by can and concentrate supply issues
and manufacturing capacity constraints, which caused out of stocks in many markets. United Kingdom and
certain other countries in EMEA were more adversely affected. Truck shortages also exacerbated our ability
to supply and the ability of our bottlers to deliver products to their customers.

According to Nielsen, in the 13-week period until the end of August 2021, Predator's retail market share
in value as compared to the same period the previous year grew from 9.8% to 18.6% in Kenya and from
0% to 12.2% in Nigeria. We launched our new Predator malt flavor energy drink in Nigeria during the
third quarter. The Nielsen numbers in EMEA should only be used as a guide because the channels read by
Nielsen in EMEA vary from country to country.

According to IRI in Australia, Monster's market share in value for the month ending October 2021
increased from 12.7% to 13.9% as compared to the same period the previous year. Mother's market share
in value decreased from 11.9% to 11.3% during the same period. The market share of the company's
brands in Australia for the month ended October 2021 increased from 24.6% to 25.2%.

According to IRI in New Zealand, Monster's market share in value for the 4 weeks ended October 17,
2021, increased from 10.6% to 12.6% as compared to the same period the previous year. Lift Plus market
share in value decreased from 6.7% to 6.3%, and Mother's market share in value increased from 5.6%
to 6.1%. The market share of the company's brands in New Zealand for the 4 weeks ended October 17,
2021, increased from 23% to 25%.

According to INTAGE in Japan, for the month ended September 2021, Monster's market share in value in
the convenience store channel as compared to the same period the previous year grew from 49.9% to
53.9%.

According to Nielsen, in South Korea, for the month ended September 21, 2021, Monster's market share
in value in all outlets combined as compared to the same period the previous year grew from 54.4% to
60.4%. Monster continues to be the leading energy brand in Japan and South Korea.

We again point out that certain market statistics that cover single months or 4-week periods may often
be materially influenced positively and/or negatively by promotions or other trading factors during those
periods.

Net sales to customers outside the U.S. were $527.4 million, 37.4% of total net sales in the 2021 third
quarter compared to $444.5 million or 35.7% of total net sales in the corresponding quarter in 2020.
Foreign currency exchange rates had a positive impact on net sales in U.S. dollars by approximately $16.4
million in the 2021 third quarter. Included in reported geographic sales are our sales to the company's
military customers, which are delivered in the U.S. and transshipped to the military and their customers
overseas.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

In EMEA, net sales in the 2021 third quarter increased 22.9% in dollars and increased 17.2% in local
currencies over the same period in 2020. Gross profit in this region as a percentage of net sales for the
third quarter was 37.7% compared to 39.5% in the same quarter in 2020, primarily due to an unfavorable
country product mix and can freight and raw material airfreight costs. In local currencies, gross profit as a
percentage of net sales for the quarter was 38.4%.

Can supply shortages exacerbated by production disruptions at a major supplier in EMEA, lack of
ingredient availability, insufficient canning capacity and a shortage of trucking availability together had
an adverse impact on sales in the third quarter in EMEA, in some cases, impacting the availability of our
products on shelf at retailers. The company has addressed and continues to address the controllable
challenges in its supply train.

We are also pleased that in the 2021 third quarter, Monster gained market share in Belgium, Czech
Republic, Denmark, France, Germany, Great Britain, Greece, Italy, the Netherlands, the Republic of
Ireland, South Africa, Spain and Sweden.

In Asia Pacific, net sales in the 2021 third quarter decreased 1.6% in dollars and decreased 2.2% in local
currencies over the same period in 2020, largely due to sales in Japan and China. Gross profit in this
region as a percentage of net sales was 43.5% versus 43.2% over the same period in 2020. In Japan, net
sales in the 2021 third quarter decreased 0.7 of 1% in dollars and 1.7% in local currency, largely due to
COVID-19 restrictions in Japan and distributor inventory adjustments. In South Korea, net sales increased
21.1% in dollars and 15.6% in local currency as compared to the same quarter in 2020. Monster remains
the market leader in Japan and South Korea.

In China, net sales decreased 13.5% in dollars and 20.4% in local currency as compared to the same
quarter in 2020. We are reevaluating the optimal product range for China going forward. We remain
optimistic about the prospects for the Monster brand in China.

In Oceania, which includes Australia, New Zealand, Tahiti, French Polynesia, New Caledonia, Papua New
Guinea and Guam, net sales decreased 8.6% in dollars and 13.6% in local currencies due to timing of
sales into bottlers.

In Latin America, including Mexico and the Caribbean, net sales in the 2021 third quarter increased 57.6%
in dollars and increased 57.7% in local currencies over the same period in 2020. Gross profit in this region
as a percentage of net sales was 41% compared to 42.9% over the same period in 2020. In Brazil, net
sales in the 2021 third quarter increased by 56.6% in dollars and 54.1% in local currency. Net sales
in Chile increased 34.5% in dollars and 27.4% in local currency in the 2021 third quarter. Net sales in
Argentina increased 41.6% in dollars and 93.1% in local currency in the 2021 third quarter. There are a
number of pending proceedings with VPX, but as they are subdued okay, we will not be answering any
questions on this matter on today's call.

In the United States, we successfully launched our new True North, Pure Energy Seltzer line in e-
commerce and selected channels, and will launch nationally into mainstream channels with our Coca-Cola
bottlers in the first quarter of 2022. In October 2021, we commenced the launch of our new reserve line
of Monster Energy drinks in 2 flavors, watermelon and white pineapple. In Canada, during July 2021, we
successfully launched our Monster Energy Rehab line in 3 flavors, Rehab Tea Plus Lemonade, Peach Tea
and Strawberry Lemonade.

We successfully launched several new products across Latin America in the third quarter of 2021, including
Monster Zero Ultra in Paraguay, Monster Energy Zero Sugar in Peru, Monster Ultra Fiesta Mango in Puerto
Rico and Monster Ultra Watermelon in the Caribbean. In the 2021 third quarter, we expanded our Predator
Gold Strike footprint in Mexico by launching in a 355 ml slim can. In Brazil, we also launched Monster
Pacific Punch, Monster Dragon Tea Peach, Reign Orange Dreamsicle and Reign Mang-O-Matic within a
limited territory. We are planning a national launch of all of these products in the first quarter of 2022.

In the 2021 third quarter in Australia, we launched 2 new products in Mother Sugar Free, Razzle Berry
and Monster Ultra Fiesta Mango. In the third quarter of 2021, we launched Monster Mule, Monster Nitro
and Monster Assault in a number of countries in EMEA. We also launched Ultra Fiesta and Juiced Monster

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Monarch in a number of countries during the 2021 third quarter. During the quarter, we also launched our
Strategic Brands innovation and Predator in additional countries. In particular, we launched our Predator
Malt Flavored Energy Drink in Nigeria.

During the third quarter of 2021, we launched Monster Super Fuel, Blue Streak and Red Dawg in July in
Japan. Additionally, in October 2021, we relaunched Monster Rossi in Japan. As a result of the COVID-19
pandemic still impacting the region, certain of our planned launches of new products in a number of
Asia Pacific markets have been deferred until 2022. However, Predator is anticipated to launch later this
month in Vietnam. We are planning to launch a number of additional products and/or product lines in our
domestic and international markets later this year.

We estimate October 2021 sales to be approximately 8.3% higher than in October 2020. On a foreign
currency-adjusted basis, October 2021 sales would have been approximately 7.9% higher than
the comparable October 2020 sales. October 2021 had one less selling day than October 2020. We
Additionally, the company continued to experience multiple supply chain challenges in October, which
adversely impacted sales. In this regard, we caution again that sales over a short period are often
disproportionately impacted by various factors such as, for example, selling days, days of the week in
which holidays fall, timing of new product launches and the timing of price increases and promotions
in retail stores, distributor incentives as well as shifts in the timing of production in some instances
where our bottlers are responsible for production and unilaterally determine their production schedules,
which affects the dates on which we invoice such bottlers as well as inventory levels maintained by our
distribution partners, which they alter unilaterally for their own business reasons.

We reiterate that sales over a short period, such as a single month, should not necessarily be imputed to
or regarded as indicative of results for a full quarter or any future period. If the COVID-19 pandemic and
related unfavorable economic conditions continue in certain regions, our new product innovation launches
in those regions could be delayed.

In conclusion, I would like to summarize some recent positive points. Currently, the company's flavor
manufacturing facilities, its co-packers, warehouses and shipment facilities and bottlers and distributors
are all operating. The company continues to address the challenges in its supply chain as it navigates
through the uncertainty of the current global supply chain environment. We are experiencing increased
costs in our operations, some of which are likely to be transitory. And we have and are already in the
process of implementing reductions in promotions and other pricing actions in the United States and EMEA
to mitigate such increased costs.

Our AFF flavor facility in Ireland is operational and is providing flavors to our EMEA region, which will
improve service levels in EMEA. We are pleased with the new additions to the Monster Energy portfolio.
We are planning to continue additional launches of our Reign Total Body Fuel high-performance energy
drinks in additional international countries. We are pleased with the rollout of Predator and Fury, our
affordable energy drink portfolio, internationally. We are proceeding with plans to launch our affordable
energy brands in a number of international countries.
I would like to open the floor to questions about the quarter. Thank you.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Our first question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citi.

Wendy Caroline Nicholson
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

My question has to do with how you're thinking about pricing and promotion because, on the one hand,
you've got strong market shares, it seems like strong demand, yet you've got capacity constraints and
supply chain constraints. So on the one hand, you want to keep your promotion up to keep people coming
to your brand, but if you can't service demand, how do you balance those 2? If you could talk about what
you're thinking about just in the short term, over the next few months, how you scale up supply and get
more bottles on the shelf, more cans on the shelf.

Hilton H. Schlosberg
Co-CEO & Vice Chairman

Okay, Wendy, this is Hilton. That's an excellent question. So we have a department called Revenue Growth
Management that balances pricing and balances promotions in line with the expectations that we set for
the business and for our brands. So we've been working very closely and started in this quarter, in fact,
slightly before this last quarter, in cutting back promotions and using them very judiciously. So we look at
this on an ongoing basis. We have plans for 2022, which involve changing retail pricing on shelves, which
leads to, obviously, a reduction in promotions. And we don't rule out the possibility of a full price increase
later on in 2022. But we keep our options open.

We prefer to accomplish the objective through reductions in promotions, but we have to see what the cost
environment looks like going into 2022. Obviously, if you haven't got product and you short a product, it
doesn't make sense to promote extensively, but we still have to promote in order to fulfill the contracts
that we've had this year with our customers and our retailers, which were set at the beginning of the year.
And so some cannot be changed. And as we move into 2022, adjust pricing through promotions and/or
price increases.

Operator

The next question is from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs.

Bonnie Lee Herzog
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to ask a little bit further on the points you're making about this outsized demand in that you
weren't able to satisfy this increased demand in the quarter and given the shortages. So is there any way
you guys could help quantify for us the impact that this had on your top line in both the U.S. and EMEA? I
mean I'm just trying to understand, was it a low single-digit impact on growth? Could it have been more
like a mid-single-digit improvement on your top line? And...

Hilton H. Schlosberg
Co-CEO & Vice Chairman

No. One question or two?

Bonnie Lee Herzog
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. Well, that's it. I just want to also understand if the situation has improved in Q3 versus Q2.

Hilton H. Schlosberg

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Co-CEO & Vice Chairman

Okay. So the situation did not improve in Q3 relative to Q2. Q3 really presented more challenges in supply
chain as we anticipated. Although cans have come, we've achieved cans from our overseas partners as
we expected. So we have cans in the system. We have opened up a number of co-packers in the -- which
will be supplying in the fourth quarter. So if we look at Q3, and Rodney will probably kill me, but I'll give
you an estimate. My estimate is that we shorted in the high single digits. That's my estimate, in terms of
millions of cases.

Operator

The next question is from Peter Galbo with Bank of America.

Peter Thomas Galbo
BofA Securities, Research Division

I was just wondering, Hilton, the comments on other pricing actions, retail pricing on shelves, potential
for a full list price increase, just can you give us a sense on maybe when you would consider that more
thoroughly? Is there a reason why it's not now? Is there a shelf reset period that you need to wait for?
Just listening to some of the commentary from some of the bottlers, it seems like they're taking pricing
now. Just why wait?

Hilton H. Schlosberg
Co-CEO & Vice Chairman

So we're not waiting. I mean we already implemented promotional adjustments in this quarter. So we're
not waiting. There are certain customers that we have that we're contractually obligated to maintain
pricing and promotions. We've entered into agreements with them that we have new contracts starting
in 2022. And those new contracts will address the pricing issues that you're talking about. So we're not
waiting. It's already being implemented, and some of it in the third quarter, as I mentioned. More will
follow in the fourth quarter and more will follow Q1 of 2022. I think we've got a very interesting position
in the market, and we've got to be careful that whatever we do, we don't disturb the velocity of what our
brand is doing at retail.

Operator

The next question is from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.

Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Hope all is well. I wanted to ask about the Coke relationship. So the can supply shortages, some of the
manufacturing challenges that you've laid out in recent quarters, assuming distribution disadvantage
versus Red Bull's self-distribution, at least in the U.S., how do you think about your relationship with
Coke? And importantly, how does it get better? And what makes it better from here?

Rodney Cyril Sacks
Co-CEO & Chairman

Mark, perhaps I'll take that one. I mean, there are two different relationships. There's Coke as a corporate
partner, and there's also the individual Coke bottlers. I think that our relationship with Coke is fine. I think
there's no issue. It's a good relationship. I think that with the bottlers, our relationships, again, are also
good. But I think the bottlers have been struggling a little bit, as you know, with labor issues and cost
issues as well. And that has sort of affected, I think, the level of service to smaller accounts and infill
activities. And that's where that has perhaps disproportionately hurt our brand over this whole pandemic
period.

And that's something that we are addressing, particularly when you compare that to -- not against other
similar systems but against Red Bull which has its own dedicated system out there. And so we are taking
steps to address that. We have our own field force that we've implemented to supplement and assist the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

bottlers. But even that, our own field force is suffering from labor issues and trying to hire people. It's not
been easy. We have a number of open positions. But we are -- actually, we've seen good success from
what we've implemented and we actually are expanding our own field team. And we're going to do that in
conjunction with the bottlers.

But that's part of the challenges that we've had are supply chain and part of the challenges we've had,
which have affected ourselves, have been just inefficiencies getting products on shelf. And it's -- and
there are different -- in different parts of the country and different parts of the world even, it varies. And
in some cases, you see empty shelves or you see shelves that haven't been refilled, which is obviously
heartbreaking for us, and we're trying to address it. But that is something we are facing, and that's been
a labor issue that many of our bottlers are going through at the moment. But hopefully -- we are trying to
work out ways of improving, and hopefully, that will start improving going forward.

But despite that, we've been able to continue to manage a pretty healthy increase in sales, and it's just
meeting the increased demand that has been a big challenge. And again, we're working with our bottlers
to try and achieve what we can. So it's a tough environment for our bottlers when also we can't supply
all of their orders and we pull them in full. And that's been difficult for us to juggle deliveries around the
country, and it resulted in increased costs out of orbit and in delivering products out of our normal ranges
in order to make sure we're trying to maximize deliveries to bottlers.

Operator

The next question is from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I wanted to just go back to the magnitude of pricing. In your comments in the last earnings call that you
expect the cost pressures and supply challenges to abate in the fourth quarter. Are you still expecting that
to be the case or sequentially it get worse and we should brace for something similar in the fourth quarter
against the third quarter? And just a clarification, you said high single-digit median cases impact or you
said or high single digit percentage impact that would have been...

Thomas J. Kelly
Chief Financial Officer

No, no, no. 1 million cases.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. That's a mid-single-digit impact, okay. In percentages then?

Thomas J. Kelly
Chief Financial Officer

No. Well, in cases, it's a high -- just to be clear, it's a high number of cases in millions, in high single
digits.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And on the pricing, Hilton, can you let us know the magnitude that you're trying to put through and how
we should think about COGS into the fourth quarter?

Hilton H. Schlosberg
Co-CEO & Vice Chairman

Right. So if you look at where we are with COGS, it's really a difficult situation right now because I don't
know where, for example, aluminum is going. I think those of you who are tracking aluminum will know
that the aluminum price is significantly -- the LME and the Midwest Premium is significantly higher than

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

last year. In fact, it's up by almost 70% from the similar quarter in the previous year. So then I turn to
what's happened in aluminum. So in the middle of October, we ended up with the highest price we've ever
seen for aluminum in the Midwest Premium. And that's now fallen 15% from its high, and now it's likely
the end of October.

So we don't know what's happening with aluminum. What we do know is that we have substantial
quantities of cans. We have 2 new manufacturers that have opened in the U.S. and are beginning to
supply us. So that's a fact. And we have also opened a number of additional co-packing facilities, both in
the U.S. and in Europe. So the cans are coming in. We have new co-packing capacity. And what I'm hoping
is that this inefficient freight that we've been experienced, we spoke on previous calls about operating
within orbits, to minimize cost of distribution and cost of freight in. So now we've broken those orbits
because we haven't had capacity, and we've been actually trying to service every case we can.

So I'm hoping that in the fourth quarter, and it's October already, that with these new co-packers opening
up, with the can capacity that we have that we will start mitigating these inefficient freight costs that we
are experiencing. But I can't talk about aluminum because I don't know what's happening with aluminum.
And we were very careful not to buy forward on aluminum, which we normally do as a can company
because we were nervous about what was going to happen. So that's where we are in the fourth quarter.
Certainly, things are improving, but I cannot say that they are totally solved.

And in Europe, we've opened up also a number of new co-packers. We're getting cans in Europe from
India and from China. So even the European situation is being alleviated. I would say, if you compare it to
the third quarter, I suspect we will have less issues in the fourth quarter than we had in the third quarter,
if that answers your question.

Operator

This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Rodney
Sacks for any closing remarks.

Rodney Cyril Sacks
Co-CEO & Chairman

Thank you. On behalf of the company, I'd like to thank everyone for their continued interest in the
company. We continue to believe in the company and our growth strategy and remain committed to
continuing to innovate, develop and differentiate our brands and to expand the company both at home
and abroad and, in particular, expand distribution of our products through the Coca-Cola bottler system
internationally. We believe that we are well positioned in the energy drink category and continue to be
optimistic about our total portfolio of energy drink brands. We hope that you will stay safe and healthy.
Thank you very much for your attendance.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MONSTER BEVERAGE CORPORATION FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

