MSCI Inc. NYSE:MSCI
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, October 27, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.82

2.20

Revenue  (mm)

424.48

425.33

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-27-2020 7:09 AM GMT

20.88

0.20

1.85

7.32

8.24

435.57

1686.84

1849.04

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.61

1.69

1.68

1.82

1.67

1.90

1.77

2.20

3.73 %

12.43 %

5.36 %

20.88 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
MSCI INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew C. Wiechmann
Chief Financial Officer

C. D. Baer Pettit
President & COO

Henry A. Fernandez
Chairman & CEO

Sallilyn Schwartz
Head of Investor Relations &
Treasurer

ANALYSTS

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Christopher Charles Shutler
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

Jake Leonard Williams
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Keith Michael Housum
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Sou Chien
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MSCI INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the MSCI Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the
call over to Salli Schwartz, Head of Investor Relations and Treasurer. You may begin.

Sallilyn Schwartz
Head of Investor Relations & Treasurer

Thank you, operator. Good day, and welcome to the MSCI Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call.
Earlier this morning, we issued a press release announcing our results for the third quarter 2020. This
press release, along with an earnings presentation we will reference on this call as well as the brief
quarterly update are available on our website, msci.com, under the Investor Relations tab. Let me remind
you that this call contains forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made, and are governed
by the language on the second slide of today's presentation.

For a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties, please see the risk factors and forward-looking
statements disclaimer in our most recent Form 10-K and in our other SEC filings.

During today's call, in addition to results presented on the basis of U.S. GAAP, we also refer to non-
GAAP measures, including, but not limited to, organic operating revenue growth rates, adjusted EBITDA,
adjusted EBITDA expenses, adjusted EPS and free cash flow. We believe our non-GAAP measures facilitate
meaningful period-to-period comparisons and provide insight into our core operating performance. You'll
find a reconciliation to the equivalent GAAP measures in the earnings materials and an explanation of
why we deem this information to be meaningful as well as how management uses these measures in the
appendix of the earnings presentation.

We will also discuss run rate, which estimates at a particular point in time the annualized value of
the recurring revenues under our client agreements for the next 12 months, subject to a variety of
adjustments and exclusions that we detail in our SEC filings. As a result of those adjustments and
exclusions, the actual amount of recurring revenues we will realize over the following 12 months will differ
from run rate. We, therefore, caution you not to place undue reliance on run rate to estimate or forecast
recurring revenue. Additionally, we will discuss organic run rate growth figures which exclude the impact of
changes in foreign currency and the impact of any acquisitions or divestitures.

On the call today are Henry Fernandez, our Chairman and CEO; Baer Pettit, our President and COO; and
Andy Wiechmann, our CFO and Chief Strategy Officer.

[Operator Instructions] With that, let me now turn the call over to Henry Fernandez. Henry?

Henry A. Fernandez
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Salli. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. My colleagues and I hope you
and your families are remaining safe and healthy. During the third quarter, and despite the challenging
environment for our clients, MSCI had strong financial performance, including total revenue growth of
nearly 8%, run rate growth of 11%, adjusted EBITDA growth of 13% and adjusted earnings per share
growth of 31%.

MSCI continues to play a central role helping investors build better portfolios for a better world. We are
executing our mission in 2 key interrelated ways. Creating indices that serve as underlying components
for client portfolios and equipping our clients with the essential ingredients for them to build their own
optimized portfolios. Indices as underlying components for client portfolios include benchmarks for active
managers, replication tools for indexed managers and underlying indices for listed futures and options,
structured products and OTC derivatives.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MSCI INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

These indices can cover a very wide spectrum of client portfolio construction needs from equities to
fixed income, from market cap weighted to ESG and climate overlays, and from factor tilts to thematic
megatrends.

Consequently, indices as underlying components have a vast number of use cases, and therefore,
our business opportunities in this area are enormous. The essential ingredients to equip our clients to
construct their own optimized portfolios, include our factor, risk and performance models, our ESG ratings
and screenings, our climate metrics and Value-at-Risk models, and tools for thematic and megatrend
exposures. Across these 2 interrelated offerings, we see incredible opportunities that expand new product
areas, new client segments and new capabilities. New product areas include fixed income, ESG and
climate and derivatives, to name a few. New client segments include wealth management, corporates for
ESG offerings and insurance companies for fixed income offerings. New capabilities in support of our new
product areas and new client segments include the enabling technology, and the strategic partnerships
that we're looking in a wide variety of different areas and with different entities.

In my comments today, I will focus on opportunities in 4 new product areas, including ESG and climate,
fixed income and liquidity, thematic investing and derivatives. In future calls, I will comment on other
areas of a strategic focus for MSCI.

I'll start with our ESG and climate franchise. This quarter, it reached a run rate of $192 million, growing
nearly 50% year-on-year. Approximately $15 million of this run rate relates to climate and has grown over
100% year-on-year. We continue to firmly believe there will be a large-scale reallocation of capital and
repricing of financial assets over the next few years.

Climate change, the move to a low-carbon economy, diversity and inclusion in the workplace and other
environmental, social and governance shifts will deeply impact where capital is invested. MSCI is uniquely
positioned to deliver the solutions to navigate these massive shifts. Specifically, in the ETF marketplace,
we continue to see the launch of new ESG and climate equity ETFs linked to MSCI indices. At the end
of the third quarter, assets under management in this ETFs have grown an incredible 186% year-on-
year, reaching $71 billion. Our acquisition of Carbon Delta a year ago has also helped us to supercharge
our climate capabilities. We now offer climate Value-at-Risk for investors across multiple asset classes,
including most recently for real estate investors. As you can see, we're aggressively expanding our
capabilities in ESG and climate and we'll continue to build on an established leadership in this space.

Our fixed income franchise continued to grow this quarter as our strong position in ESG and climate
enabled us to capture more opportunities. AUMs in ETFs that are linked to Bloomberg Barclays MSCI ESG
fixed income indices, ended the third quarter at nearly $12 billion, more than doubling from a year ago.

During the quarter, we launched 22 MSCI proprietary fixed income indices, including 8 ESG and climate
change indices. With this launch, we now offer the market a total of 40 MSCI proprietary fixed income
indices across ESG, climate, factor and each one's weighted.

As you can see, our strategy in fixed income indices is to partner with other index providers, including
Bloomberg Barclays, iBoxx, iTraxx and others and to launch our own proprietary indices.

In fixed income, we have also seen great progress with our liquidity analytics. We and our partner, IHS
Markit, are delivering must have solutions that help investors understand and manage fixed income
liquidity risk. This has been critical for investors to meet growing regulatory requirements. MSCI has
already been well positioned to support our clients with ESMA liquidity regulations in Europe that went into
effect in the third quarter.

Looking forward, we're also favorably positioned to help clients with potential liquidity reporting
requirements in other jurisdictions around the world. Another product area of strategic focus for us
is thematic investing. MSCI has built partnerships with ARK Invest and a number of other experts
specializing in thematic investing. These relationships have generated indices focused on disruptive
innovation and long-term structural changes or megatrends.

We are seeing excellent traction across a range of use cases from ETF licensing to structure products,
which Baer will discuss.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MSCI INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Finally, I will comment on derivatives. We continue to drive the strong growth of multi-country,
multicurrency MSCI index derivatives. This is a massive opportunity in its own right, but it would also
reinforce the strength of our indexed franchise for both active and indexed investing. We are experiencing
great success with these partnerships and listed features and options with some of the world's most
prominent global exchanges.

Additionally, we're seeing tremendous opportunity to license our indices to broker-dealers and banks for
the creation of OTC derivatives and structured products. These efforts reinforce the virtuous ecosystem of
MSCI exchange-traded products.

Before I turn the call over to Baer, I am excited to announce we're planning a virtual Investor Day event
for February 24 next year. Please hold that morning in your times open on your calendars. We'll have
additional event details for you over the coming weeks. We very much look forward to sharing with
you the many significant opportunities MSCI has to serve our clients' needs globally and to grow with
the investment industries a strong underlying secular trends that create tremendous shareholder value
opportunities for us.

We will talk about our expansion plans in products and client segments and the capabilities we need to
build out at MSCI to capitalize on this significant potential. To make the event as complete as possible,
we will continue our active dialogue with all of you and all of our investors, including through surveys and
listening tours. We look forward to hearing your views and how we can continue to optimize the MSCI
franchise to achieve even greater shareholder value.

Let me now turn the call over to Baer.

C. D. Baer Pettit
President & COO

Thank you, Henry, and greetings, everyone. I'll start by noting an exciting milestone for our index
segment, which reached $1 billion in run rate for the first time. We achieved this through growth in both
the new product areas that Henry discussed and more established products like our market cap weighted
indexes. Across MSCI, we continue to find many opportunities to produce content once and to find multiple
uses for it to address a number of different client needs.

I'll give a few examples within some of the product areas that Henry highlighted. Leveraging our broad
ESG and climate content has enabled MSCI to contribute to further transparency and standardization in
ESG disclosures.

In September, we launched a tool to help investors evaluate their portfolio exposures and alignment
across the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Our real estate climate VAR service has
gained immediate traction with several new sales during this quarter. This combines our real estate data
with climate change related calculations to create new value for real estate investors. An added benefit to
the launch of real estate climate VAR is that many of our real estate clients now view MSCI in a new and
innovative light.

As a second example, this quarter, we launched a new suite of MSCI fixed income climate change indexes,
which leverage our existing data in ESG and climate and apply them to fixed income benchmarks. These
indexes enable institutional credit investors to build more climate-resilient portfolios. They also allow
investors to implement strategies that consider opportunities and risks associated with the ongoing
transition to a lower carbon economy.

Another product area we have frequently referenced on these calls is the relicensing of existing MSCI
indexes for the creation of listed and OTC derivatives and structured products.

As an example, this quarter, we saw new OTC product creation from our broker-dealer clients in the form
of total return swaps on our ESG leaders indexes. This activity was soon followed by the establishment of
new positions in listed derivatives on MSCI emerging market ESG leaders futures. We believe the potential
for further growth in the ESG derivative space is very strong. Another great area for derivatives growth is

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MSCI INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

thematics. Earlier this year, I mentioned we were working with a partner on a series of thematic indexes
focused on the important areas of innovation in genomics and robotics.

During this quarter, we won a license with a European bank for a new OTC swap based on an MSCI
thematic index related to the circular economy and renewable energy. This swap is expected to drive
structured product issuance in the region and is another good example of the MSCI linked derivatives
opportunity. As of the end of the third quarter, run rate for exchange-traded futures and options contracts
linked to MSCI indexes was $49 million, growing over 60% year-on-year. We see significant potential
in this space and believe the opportunity could represent hundreds of millions of revenue several years
from now. Just as we are leveraging our content for multiple use cases, we are actively pursuing an open
architecture strategy to push that content to clients through a variety of distribution channels.

Earlier this month, MSCI ESG ratings were introduced on Bloomberg terminals, which are already a major
distributor of our index data. Clients now have another ready mechanism to incorporate MSCI's ESG
ratings into their portfolio analysis and investment processes. MSCI has adapted quickly and well to the
remote working and virtual engagement model. In the third quarter, across the company, we drove over
10% subscription run rate growth. This result reflected strong contributions from across our client base,
including both established and emerging client segments. MSCI's client-centric approach has provided
ongoing benefit, not just the sales, but also to the retention of our existing business. MSCI's overall
retention rate for the third quarter was 94.5%, improving approximately 100 basis points compared to
the second quarter. Analytics retention rate had a notable improvement, increasing 180 basis points
sequentially and 20 basis points year-over-year.

Our team's creativity and dedication to solving problems for clients has been critical as global engagement
models continue to evolve during the ongoing pandemic. We have previously spoken with you about our
senior account manager and key account manager programs to engage with the C-suite level executives
that are our largest clients. These clients collectively represent 65% of MSCI's total run rate. And the
retention rate for those clients was over 96% in the quarter, clearly demonstrating the power of our
focused and integrated client approach.

I'm encouraged by these milestones and look forward to keeping you updated as we continue to make
progress on our key growth areas.

Let me now turn the call over to Andy, who will discuss more specifics of the financial aspects of our
quarterly performance. Over to you, Andy.

Andrew C. Wiechmann
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Baer. And hello to everyone on the call this morning. As I step into the CFO role, I'm excited to
lead our talented finance organization and reengage with our shareholder and analyst community. I will be
especially focused on further aligning strategy and finance to deliver even greater value to our clients, our
employees and our shareholders.

As Henry and Baer have noted, the third quarter was another quarter of strong execution for MSCI.
Operating revenues grew nearly 8% and recurring subscription run rate grew over 10%, reflecting solid
performance across the business. Assets under management and equity ETFs linked to MSCI indexes
ended the third quarter at $909 billion. This reflects strong cash inflows of nearly $27 billion across
all geographic exposures during the quarter. Over 75% of these inflows were allocated to ETFs with
international exposures, which is a reversal of the trend we saw in the first half of the year.

Approximately $7 billion of the inflows into MSCI-linked funds went into U.S. exposure funds where we
continue to have strong market share capture of flows driven by continued flows into ESG and factor
products. In fact, equity ETFs linked to MSCI ESG and climate indexes experienced cash inflows of $11.4
billion during the quarter.

Additionally, AUM levels were supported by improvements in equity market levels with $57 billion of
appreciation from the end of the second quarter. As an update since the third quarter, as of October

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MSCI INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

21, assets under management and equity ETFs linked to MSCI indexes have further improved to
approximately $942 billion.

I'll now review our asset-based fee revenue results, which were up 4.5% year-on-year, reflecting higher
results across the board, including from ETFs, non ETF products and futures and options. Sequentially, the
nearly $117 billion improvement in quarterly average AUM levels and equity ETFs linked to MSCI indexes
aided in driving 15% higher asset-based fees from ETF products versus the second quarter. The average
basis point fee on equity ETFs linked to MSCI indexes remained unchanged quarter-over-quarter at 2.67
basis points. A proportionally higher mix of AUM and international exposure funds provided support to
maintain this level. Additionally, asset-based fees from futures and options increased sequentially with
results reflecting improvements in the economics we receive from our exchange partners.

I'll now turn to our adjusted earnings per share growth year-over-year. Underlying business performance
drove nearly half of our $0.52 improvement in adjusted EPS. This included both operating revenue growth,
and relatively flat year-over-year expenses as the expense controls we put in place earlier in the year as
well as continued benefits from lower travel and entertainment expenses have largely offset our ongoing
investment initiatives. The balance of the adjusted EPS improvement was primarily driven by a lower tax
rate and our third quarter and year-to-date repurchases of MSCI shares. The lower tax rate in the quarter
was primarily due to a change in estimates as regulations were released relating to 2017 tax reform.

Turning to our balance sheet. We continue to have strong confidence in our capital position and liquidity.
Client collections have been healthy, as you've seen from our results. Investors continue to turn to MSCI
for mission-critical tools. This strong liquidity position affords us the flexibility to continue to be highly
opportunistic in pursuing our capital allocation strategy as we've done in the past.

During the quarter, we completed nearly $207 million of share repurchases and returned over $65 million
in dividends to our shareholders. Since the end of the quarter and through October 23, we've repurchased
an additional $51 million of our shares.

Before we move to Q&A, I will highlight some of the changes to our outlook for full year 2020, which we
announced in our earnings release earlier today. We now expect adjusted EBITDA expenses to be lower for
full year 2020 in the range of $710 million to $730 million. Our expense outlook reflects lower expenses in
areas like travel and entertainment as well as the impact of the continuation of triple crown investments
that we are pursuing as the environment stabilizes.

Our continued investment in these triple crown opportunities could result in an uptick in expenses relative
to the last couple of quarters. We also expect a lower effective tax rate for 2020 in the range of 11.5% to
13.5%. Our adjusted tax rate should run approximately 1 percentage point higher than our effective tax
rate as it has year-to-date through the third quarter.

CapEx will now be in the range of $50 million to $55 million. And for free cash flow, we now expect to
be in the range of $650 million to $700 million, primarily reflecting stronger cash collections. Full year
interest expense is still expected to be approximately $158 million, however, as we've pointed out to you
before, the ongoing low rate environment is also likely to drive quarterly interest income earned on cash
balances to be at similar levels to this quarter for the foreseeable future. From where we stand today, the
sales pipeline remains strong and client engagement remains robust and dynamic.

Nonetheless, we remain cautious given that the operating environment remains unpredictable. With just
a couple of days to go before the U.S. elections as well as the backdrop of the ongoing pandemic, the
range of outcomes in global markets and operating environment remains broad. In any case, we continue
to believe our durable all-weather subscription-based business model will hold up well as it has to date.
We, therefore, remain focused on continuing to support our clients, innovate and ultimately drive forward
MSCI's growth algorithms, creating compounding value for all of you.
And with that, operator, please open the line for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MSCI INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Manav Patnaik with Barclays.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I just wanted to ask how you guys were thinking or how we should think about this new wave of, I guess,
consolidation that's starting to happen also or at least we talked about a lot in the press with the large
asset managers or your big clients. I was just hoping you could help us understand how we should think
through some of these as they get announced.

C. D. Baer Pettit
President & COO

Manav, it's Baer here. So look, I think that our experience in this is somewhat mixed and certainly not
as negative as it might look on the cover. So first of all, we -- the consolidation has not been that large
this far. Insofar, as we have seen some cancellations, notably in index related to it. As a general rule, over
time, when firms consolidate, we sometimes have initially a little bit of a negative hit. But then typically,
we're able to grow the combined company, larger company in very healthy ways.

So as of today, we're not seeing a significant impact and as a general rule, historically, the outcomes have
been pretty positive over time.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And if I could just ask around the investments, back in March, April, when you guys
obviously cut some in response to the COVID pandemic. How are those investments doing today? Are they
coming back? Are they still on hold, I guess, potentially in anticipation of further lockdown? Just curious
how you're thinking about the comfort levels in going through with some of these investments?

C. D. Baer Pettit
President & COO

So the first thing that it's important to note, Manav, is that the set of opportunities that we have to solve
for client problems is very significant, and it has actually increased very largely since the start of the
pandemic. Obviously, we can point to ESG as an example, but also in fixed income as well in thematic
investing. Obviously, the pandemic and the economic dislocations have created significant changes in the
way industries are structured and the business models and the likes of those shifts can get reflected in
some of these megatrends and the emphasis that we're putting on that thematic megatrend investing in
order to create indices and structured products and things like that. So the number of opportunities has
increased.

Now at the start of the pandemic, like everyone else, we ramped in a bit the pace of investments that
we had. A few months later, say, 2, 3 months later, we felt very comfortable with where we stood in
the financials of the company and the outlook we were seeing this increased demand for our products
and services, and therefore, we stepped up on the renewal or the rebasing of that investment program.
Some of that increased hiring and increased investment is reflected in the EBITDA expenses in the third
quarter, obviously, offset by decline of expenses in marketing and travel and entertainment and a lot of
things due to the lockdown. But we did see a pickup on that. We will likely see an increased pickup on
that in the fourth quarter and in 2021 because we feel that this significant opportunity that the operating
environment is presenting to us need to be capitalized with a lot of new products, a number of new client
segments and a lot of new capabilities in the company.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MSCI INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

So yes, the investment plan continues. It is a few percentages point below where we wanted it to be at
this point, but we're stepping up significantly on increasing it.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Just quickly on the retention rate, nice pickup quarter-over-quarter, as I think you had hoped for. But still,
I think, on a year-over-year basis, I think cancels are still a little bit elevated. So just would be interested
to hear some comments. Is this pandemic related? You made obviously some comments around asset
management, M&A. I think it's a little so soon for that, but anything else that give us confidence that
cancels will continue to trickle lower from here?

C. D. Baer Pettit
President & COO

Yes. Alex, it's Baer here. Yes. So I think we -- the simplest way to answer your question is we're sort of
continue the guidance from last quarter, i.e., we are doing everything we can to service our clients. We
are in an environment that is still a bit choppy and noisy in various client segments. There can be some
consolidation. As Manav mentioned, there can be some certain client-specific events, so directionally,
we're clearly pleased with what happened this quarter. We're going to keep trying to do the best we can to
keep the retention rate as strong as possible. But we are in circumstances where the market and what's
happening to our clients may put a little pressure.

So hopefully, in the balance of all that, we'll get some good outcomes, and that's what we'll be working
towards.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

All right. Fair enough. And then second one, also a quick one here. On the asset-based fees. The ETF
number is pretty self-explanatory. But can you talk a little bit more about the other 2 components on the,
I guess, index mutual fund side, surprised to see that tick up quarter-over-quarter. I think that's usually
on a delayed kind of like charging. And I think 2Q was obviously a bad quarter. So surprised to see that
tick up quarter-over-quarter. And then on the futures and options, wondering how much there were any
sort of onetime fees related maybe to the Hong Kong exchange coming online. Anything that may not be
recurring because that was an outsized quarter again here on futures and options.

Andrew C. Wiechmann
Chief Financial Officer

Alex, it's Andy. Maybe to start with the second question first on the futures and options run rate. As we
noted in our remarks, we are benefiting slightly from improved economics from our exchange partners,
most notably in Asia versus the prior quarter. I would highlight that we continue to be very optimistic
and excited about the broader derivatives opportunity. Even though we saw volume tick down quarter-
over-quarter, we are seeing big opportunities in both the listed derivatives market as well as the over-the-
counter of the market, which is showing up in more of the index recurring and nonrecurring revenue side.

On the non ETF passive front, I would highlight it's more than just index-based mutual funds. Actually,
a meaningful component of the revenue we see there is coming from what we call institutional passive
revenue. And so it's more dynamic than just the index mutual fund trends that you might be seeing
more broadly. As you highlight, we tend to recognize revenue on a quarter lag, where we depend on
our clients to report to us average AUM levels. And usually, we get those AUM levels reported to us on
generally a quarter, but it can be sometimes more than a quarter. And so it's not a kind of direct quarter
lag correlation, if you will. The other thing that I would highlight is it's a very dynamic equation, where we
can see some positive movements in price, particularly in some of the big growth areas like institutional
passive mandates for ESG indexes or custom indexes or factor indexes where in many instances, we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MSCI INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

might have more attractive economics in those types of indexes. So winded way to say that it is a very
dynamic equation. There is some relationship related to AUM moves in the prior quarter, but it's much
more complex than that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Toni Kaplan with Morgan Stanley.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Henry, I wanted to ask a broad question on ESG. The market's been growing really nicely. You grew your
ESG and climate run rate at 46% this quarter and continue to be the first mover there. Could you just talk
about what you view as your most important differentiators and how you've been able to build on those? I
think the question that I get a lot is how MSCI can keep the #1 position as more competitors try to grow
in the space. And so if you could just talk about what differentiates your data, capabilities on the index
side, relationships, anything you want to add there?

Henry A. Fernandez
Chairman & CEO

So Toni, the competitive advantages that we have on ESG are now obviously a major step-up in climate
change tools are significant. A lot of -- a multiple number of competitive advantages. As I indicated in my
prepared remarks, a lot of what we do at MSCI gets captured in 2 big interrelated trends, right? When we
take all of our capabilities and put them into indices, which form underlying components for portfolios on
one hand. And on the other hand, provide all the ingredients, the essential ingredients to build portfolios
by our clients themselves from scratch, so to speak.

So on ESG, think about all the capabilities we have. We are the largest rating agency in the world for ESG.
So we provide huge amount of ESG ratings on an instrument or investment by investment basis. So all
of that then gets -- so we're the largest equity -- cross-border equity index provider in the world. So we
can combine the ESG ratings with the equity indices. We're now putting all of that, the ESG information
that we get into risk models, which were the largest provider of equity risk models in the world, so we can
monetize on that. We are putting all of that together into the fixed income space in which we're going to --
we take all the ratings on our fixed income and the fixed income instruments around the world and put it
in there and the like.

So we have a whole product ecosystem that fits on one another from structured products to futures and
options to indexed indices to single security of information about ratings and all of that to factor models
in equity and fixed income. And on the other side, on the client side, we are -- compared to some of our
other competitors, our client base is the investor, and therefore, where -- the highest demand for ESG
tools is from investors, not from corporates at this point or issuers, the highest client demand is investors.
There are very few people in the world like us. We are well positioned on the investor side to capitalize
on that. But having said that, we're expanding into the corporate sector to provide a lot of these ESG
ratings on a sectorial basis to a lot of our corporate -- to corporate entities so that they can look at it and
figure out how to provide disclosures and improve the information that they provide in order to get better
ratings from people like us. So multiple -- is a quiver of arrows that it's going to be very hard for anybody
to break. That's a huge moat that we have in this business. And lastly, we have a first-mover advantage in
the whole world, right?

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's great. And Andy, next one for you. Just congrats on your new role. I'm not expecting that there
will be dramatic change in strategy, especially since you've been part of the leadership team for a while
now. Just maybe you could talk about how you think about the potential for margin expansion from here
over time, just given operating leverage, but also investment needs. Should we be thinking about sort of x
basis points per year of expansion or EBITDA growth in low double digits? Or -- what kind of framework do
you think of when you're thinking about margins and the potential for the business.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MSCI INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Andrew C. Wiechmann
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Toni. I appreciate the remarks. And as you said, no real major change in strategy, particularly
given my experience with the company and my role in strategy previously. If anything, I think the -- that
the combination of strategy and finance creates opportunities for us to create even more value. I think
where we are as a company right now is faced with enormous opportunities across all aspects of our
company. And so the next leg of value creation for the company is going to be really prioritizing where
we are placing our incremental bets and where we're placing our incremental investments to chase those
opportunities. And as Henry just talked about with ESG, making sure we're being proactive in capturing
these very attractive markets and really continuing to differentiate ourselves. And so, if you will, the
financial algorithm, I'd say is not changing significantly at this point other than to say we have an intense
focus on investment here.

Going back to Henry's comments to the first question, the margin in this current quarter was higher than
what we would like. I think that's a reflection of some of the activities we took earlier in the year and
reduced expenses in areas like T&E and professional fees and marketing, but those are masking some of
the accelerations and investments we're making.

And so as we continue to make those accelerations in these investments, we go to our upturn playbook,
and we're intensely focused on our triple crown framework where we are investing in those opportunities
that have the highest return, the shortest payback and are most valuable to us and our shareholders. We
are going to continue to invest in those attractive opportunities. So I think you'll see likely a pickup in
expenses in the fourth quarter, and that will trickle through to next year where you will continue to see,
I think, an acceleration in investment through next year and a higher expense growth. And so it's not a
dramatic shift other than to say the emphasis is really on driving investment here. And I think that's going
to be the core source of long-term value for us. And as you'd imagine, we'll probably talk more about this
at Investor Day in February.

Operator

Our next question comes from Chris Shutler with William Blair.

Christopher Charles Shutler
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Question on ESG. So many large asset managers are using multiple providers of ESG data as kind of an
initial screen which then feeds into more proprietary ESG analyses that they put in place in-house. So
the question is, do you think that the ESG business remains fairly fragmented with asset managers using
several providers at the same time, just given how subjective ESG is and how different some of the ratings
can be amongst the providers? Or do you see that changing over time? And do you think that the desire to
work with multiple providers places any kind of cap on how much asset managers are willing to spend on
ESG?

Henry A. Fernandez
Chairman & CEO

So definitely, a good question, and let me try to explain how we view it. In everything that we do at
MSCI, we want to position ourselves as close to the investment decisions by our clients as possible. And
therefore, what we're trying to do is to give clients readymade, already analyzed, already thought through
solutions to some of their problems and to capitalize on their opportunities. So we are uniquely positioned
to do that in creating ESG equity indices, ESG fixed income indices, ESG risk models in -- as I said, in
equities and fixed income, and we're starting to look into and develop plans to do that in the private
asset classes as well and all of that. In order to achieve that, you clearly need the underlying data, the
underlying ratings and all the research associated with those ratings. You need the screenings and the
exclusion research that we do and all of that. But it is not sufficient. It's a necessary condition, but it's not
sufficient for success. So where you see competition for us is in the provision of the underlying data. And a
lot of our clients are subscribing to various sources of data, for sure.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MSCI INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

But ultimately, that data needs to be translated into a tool for an investment decision. And therefore, we'll
see some competition in providing underlying data and it's perfectly fine with us. But we are -- where our
position is very leading and very prominent is in providing the derived -- the tools that are derived from
that data in order to help people make better investment decisions. In that space, there are not going to
be too many people like us.

Christopher Charles Shutler
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Henry, just a quick follow-up on that. Would you be -- I mean as you think longer-term around the ESG
franchise, do you see yourselves developing some kind of a tool that integrates other third-party ESG data
with yours and combines it all as a solution?

Henry A. Fernandez
Chairman & CEO

Definitely, that could definitely happen. We're not working on that at this very moment, but that definitely
happened and this is in the spirit of the strategic partnerships that are the core of our MSCI strategy. We
want to partner up with everyone in the world that wants to do that with us in order to serve our clients
and for everyone to win and to make money in all of this, and that will definitely be the case in ESG data.
We already are partnering up with smaller institutions that provide data. An example of that is the Carbon
Delta acquisition is started as a partnership in which Carbon Delta was providing us with climate metrics
and climate value to create joint products.

As we developed that partnership, we became very close to one another and the Carbon Delta
management team and the shareholders decided that it was better that they would join forces with us.
That didn't have to happen, but that was an example of a partnership. And we have a few more of those,
and we would like to do those with the bigger providers of ESG information as well. But obviously, they
may view us as competitors, and they may not want to do that, but our intent is to do that one.

Operator

Our next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research.

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

A couple of questions. One, can you talk a little bit about the pricing environment from your perspective?
I mean your revenue growth speaks for self. Can you just talk about the pricing, both within analytics
that you're able to get in this environment and also within your index subscription area, please? I have a
follow-up.

C. D. Baer Pettit
President & COO

Yes. Craig, yes. So look, my simple headline is great stability in pricing. We're not really seeing any, I
would call it, unusual pressure or any fundamental changes in the pricing environment at present. So look,
that could change in the future, but right now, nothing to suggest that our pricing power has been affected
in any material way.

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

And then secondly, can you size for us your institutional passive products area, I guess, including a
direct index scenario, whether it be on AUM basis or as a percentage of your revenues within indices, for
example?

Andrew C. Wiechmann
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MSCI INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Yes, Craig, it's Andy. So we haven't put out the institutional path of AUM levels in the past. I can say that
it is larger than the ETF AUM, just the nature of that market. These are big assets, and the fees tend to
be lower generally than the pricing we get on ETF. You've obviously seen the revenue that we put out, so
you can dimension how big the revenue is to us. But this is a significant opportunity, particularly on the
institutional passive front that I alluded to earlier, where, increasingly, institutions are investing directly
into an index and in many instances, those are kind of customized indexes to help them achieve their
objectives.

And so many times those will involve ESG overlays, factor overlays, increasingly things like thematic
type considerations. And so we're very excited about that opportunity. You alluded to the direct indexing
opportunity. I think it's very similar, but for a different client base. So with the rise of direct indexing,
particularly in channels like the wealth channel, we are in a very unique position to -- as Henry was talking
about in his opening remarks, either provide the index that the client can invest directly in or provide the
ingredients that the wealth manager can use to create an index that's directly suited to that client. And so
we think we're very well positioned to capitalize on both opportunities.

Operator

Our next question comes from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Could you please give us an update on your partnership with Burgiss? So what are the new products in the
pipeline? And maybe which product do you think can move the needle longer term?

Henry A. Fernandez
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So at the beginning of this year, as you know, we announced the equity investment in Burgiss and we
had spent a meaningful amount of time in the prior years working with Burgiss databases to create risk
models in private equity, for example, for our multi-asset class enterprise risk and performance product
line. So on the heels of that equity investment, we have now launched into a wide-ranging discussion
about many other areas where we can partner in the use of that data. And that got slowed down in
the second quarter. We started in earnest in the first quarter, it slowed down in the second quarter and
through the summer because of the disruptions of the pandemic, but it's now back on track.

And examples of that, in the last, say, 1.5 months or so, we have held very significant, very senior level
discussions with the biggest and alternative investment managers in ways in which we can partner up with
them strategically and help them with a lot of their needs on data and analytics to capture a bigger pie of
investment opportunities from the institutional investors or the LP clients. So that has not yet monetized.
But for sure, the dialogue that we have is at the most senior level, extremely high levels of interest to do
this and the like.

The other thing that happened is, as you saw, Jay McNamara, who was a long time executive at MSCI was
named President of Burgiss, and his mandate is to build a state of the art client coverage organization
for Burgiss, in terms of sales and relationship managers and consultants and marketing people and
commercial product management people and all of that. So Jay is very busy at work in building that. And
with that front office organization in a much higher state is going to coordinate very closely with the MSCI
client coverage organization in order to expand significantly the sales and the penetration that the Burgiss
and MSCI have in clients around the world. So they are kind of true areas of collaboration. There is the
sales and penetration with clients and the second one, on the product side, trying to do joint products in
either value-added pricing or expansion of the data sets or risk models or the likes.

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Got it. That's very helpful. And then for the demand from broker-dealer for OTC derivatives and structured
products linked to MSCI indexes. Could you please help us understand the growth a little bit more here?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MSCI INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

And I think you mentioned 1 example for that, which is a new product. But was it -- was the growth
mainly driven by volatility with the same client base? Or you can actually increase the penetration here?

Henry A. Fernandez
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Sure. So I think it's really a strategic shift clearly, market volatility doesn't hurt. But I would say
that if we look back on this segment historically, our approach was much more to just take our existing
indexes and license them. Today -- so it's more like a product sale type of relationship. Today, we're in
much more of a service mode with these clients. We're typically involved much more in customization.
Some of that customization is also involving our analytics tools as well as our indexes and on a variety of
new methodologies. So I think it's really a pretty significant shift in focus, a step-up in servicing, and we
hope to continue to be able to see pretty attractive growth from the segment based on that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research.

Keith Michael Housum
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

I was hoping you might be able to provide some color on the sales environment in terms of how it
compares now versus, say, a normalized environment? I mean it certainly looks like your sales are
doing fine. But would you say that you're able to sell without any issue even with the work from home
constraints that a lot of your geographies are still seeing?

Henry A. Fernandez
Chairman & CEO

The short answer is yes. I must say it has been both, I would say, a large effort and a pleasant surprise.
So we've put enormous focus on ensuring that we have all the right focus. First of all, just purely keeping
the teams together, keeping the teams motivated from a managerial point of view. We've enabled them
with technology, so that pretty much everything that we can do in terms of demos of our products, et
cetera, can be done online. And in many instances, we found that, for example, for client events, we
actually have more attendance than we did in the sort of physical attendance days. So I think in terms of
the sales process, we're -- things are going really well. I would say the mechanics of it. And I think that,
that's reflected in pretty decent sales that we've been having in view of the circumstances.

Keith Michael Housum
Northcoast Research Partners, LLC

Got it. And then, Andy, just little more geography here. You talked about the investments that you guys
have made. If we look at the income statement, is most of that investment going to be in the R&D or in
the cost of goods sold. But where can we kind of see that investment as it fluxes?

Andrew C. Wiechmann
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. It's kind of spread across the board. So clearly, there is an element that shows up in R&D, and you've
seen some modest growth there. But there is also an element that goes into cost of selling and sales and
marketing as well. So when you think about the nature of these investments, it's mainly head count and
the bulk of our costs are compensation related and that's the case for investments as well. So it's hiring
technologists, it's hiring researchers and it's hiring salespeople to go after these new opportunities. And
so depending on the exact roles, you'll see those spread across mainly those 3 buckets in the income
statement.

Henry A. Fernandez
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MSCI INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

What I would also add is that the -- over the next 2, 3 years, you're also going to see a geography
change in terms of a move from our own data centers and our own production environment, in which
a lot of the investment is CapEx to the Microsoft Azure cloud which we mentioned in the summer on
our announcement. And therefore, we see a significant amount of savings and a significant amount of
scalability of our production environment. And in terms of the expenses associated with that, they will
go from CapEx and therefore, depreciation, more into EBITDA expenses as time goes by, and we'll keep
you apprised of those changes so that there is no confusion in terms of what's happening to the EBITDA
expenses.

Operator

Our next question comes from Henry Chien with BMO.

Sou Chien
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Congratulations, Andy, on the new role. I wanted to -- I mean I wanted to ask a little bit about the
strategy. It sounds like, especially with the partnerships. And it seems like there's a lot of new solutions
being developed with each call. Is this a significant -- or is it a -- is this a change in strategy in terms of
how we should think about it in terms of going through more partnerships, I guess, it seems like it's more
of a license model or is it more of a service model? So yes, if you could just explain that a little bit? And
how should we think about that? And I guess with some of these new products, where do we see that in
terms of the metric? I'm assuming most of it's in index, but just trying to understand how to track that as
well.

Andrew C. Wiechmann
Chief Financial Officer

It is definitely a -- I want to think of it as a quantum jump on strategy, but it's definitely a change in the
evolution of this strategy. And you could think of it as in the -- first of all, in the concept that I mentioned
in the prepared remarks, which is how do we capitalize on these 2 big areas that we are operating under,
which is provide indices as underlines for portfolios. And the opportunities that -- there is immense
because pretty much every portfolio in the world can have an index to serve as a guide, i.e., a benchmark
could be a passive replication or could be for the creation of baskets for structured products or for OTC
derivatives or obviously indices of any kind and all types for futures and options.

So that's -- and then what are all the ingredients, some of them are off the shelf, some of them are
customized, some of them are market cap, some of them are factors and ESG, some of them are climate,
some of them are thematic. In terms of the big megatrends in the world, they could be equities, it could
be fixed income. And eventually, there will be private asset classes that can be used in a variety of ways.
So that's a big -- I think it's more of a recognition of the role that we're playing in the investment industry
and how that role can become even bigger by us having this mindset on this.

The second part is, obviously, the ingredients that -- we use those ingredients ourselves to build those
indices, so might as well have all those ingredients available to the client base on that. So therefore --
that's one part of it. The second part of it is that when we see others buying companies all over, and we
say, should we be buying a lot of those companies, should we be buying all those capabilities, and in some
cases we will, especially a smaller bolt-on acquisitions that will accelerate the work that I just described.
But in many cases, our inorganic tools don't have to be an outright acquisition in a competitive bidding
process with very high prices, lower returns sometimes, execution risks and all of that. We say, why don't
we partner up with a lot of those firms. Many of those firms don't want to -- the number of firms that want
to sell themselves, there are a lot more that would like to partner up with us to create joint opportunities.

So we have made that partnership central, partnership with clients, of course, we've always done that. But
partnerships with people that give us data set that we don't have, partnership that give us distribution,
partnership that gives us ability to have knowledge and expertise like in thematic investing that we may
not have, let's say, biotechnology. We're not the world experts in biotechnology, why don't we partner it
up with a biotechnology investment firm, so we can create those themes and those underlying the indices

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MSCI INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

for underlying portfolios and all of that. So central to what we do is, our answer to -- we don't have to own
the whole world, we're a small company with limited resources. So why don't we partner up with people in
order to jointly serve the needs of our clients and everyone wins.

C. D. Baer Pettit
President & COO

And maybe just to add, as Henry touched on M&A and the potential for tuck-in acquisitions or bolt-
on acquisitions. As you know, we're extremely disciplined, financially disciplined, but also strategically
disciplined to the points that Henry made. And capital, we are very protective of our capital. And we look
at the returns we can get across all uses. And I would highlight that discipline, as you can see on the
share repurchase front, where we've repurchased to date -- year-to-date, over $600 million of our shares
at prices on average less than $300 per share. And so it's always a trade-off in terms of the uses of our
capital.

Sou Chien
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Yes. Okay. Okay. Makes sense. Yes. It's like a vast expanded TAM. So I guess just a quick follow-up. So
when you mentioned combining finance and strategy, I guess, what do you mean by that? Is it like the
partnerships or taking minority stakes or just how to -- what -- I guess how should we think about that?
I'm just don't know what that...

Henry A. Fernandez
Chairman & CEO

It's a fair question, yes. And probably a novel concept, but it's mainly focused actually on the organic
prospects. And so when we think about what is going to drive the most value for the company over
the next several years, there's -- there are some important trade-offs we're going to have to make. As
we've talked about here, we have a wealth of opportunities in front of us. And so where we place every
incremental dollar of capital is going to be extremely important. And so we need to have very robust
frameworks that we use like our triple crown framework to think about what is going to be the best return
on that incremental investment dollar and what's going to be most strategic for us over the long term.
There's also an element of an intense focus on efficiency, and I'll call it, strategic efficiencies. So thinking
about how we can position the company from an infrastructure standpoint, from a process standpoint,
from a technological standpoint to create scale and really turn what we do into a competitive advantage
for the company going forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jake Williams with Wells Fargo.

Jake Leonard Williams
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I appreciate the color on ESG provided. One follow-up question we had is within the ESG indexes revenue,
can you break out what is asset-based and what is subscription-based or at least directionally?

Henry A. Fernandez
Chairman & CEO

So just to be clear, Jake, within the ESG research reporting segment, which shows up in all other, that is
purely just our ESG research and ratings. So that's things like our screening tool, our ratings, there is no
asset-based fee that is running through that segment. All of the asset-based fee revenue is coming from
ESG indexes, which is reported within our index segment. Now when we show the integrated ESG run
rate, which you've seen which is a run rate figure, the portion coming from index so the ESG index run
rate does contain an asset-based fee component, but we have not broken out that detail at this stage.

Jake Leonard Williams
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MSCI INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Is it fair to assume that within that ESG index run rate section that it's half and half? Or is it more heavily
weighted towards subscription or asset based?

Henry A. Fernandez
Chairman & CEO

I would say -- hopefully, we can give more detail in the future. I don't want to dimension it right now
other than to say they're both meaningful. They are both growing. And just looking at the growth in the
assets under management and ETFs linked to our ESG indexes, which have grown 100% year-over-year.
You can imagine asset-based fee component is growing at a very robust growth rate within there. But
the other point of reference, I would highlight, as you can see on our slides, we do highlight the index
subscription run rate growth within ESG and factor modules and you can see that, that is growing at
21%. Now there's competing dynamics there between factors and ESG, but you can tell the subscription
components growing at a very healthy growth rate as well.

Operator

Thank you. And I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back
over to Henry Fernandez for any further remarks.

Henry A. Fernandez
Chairman & CEO

So thank you very much, everyone, for attending. In the run-up to Investor Day in February of next year,
as we said earlier in the call, we will be reaching out to many of you either directly ourselves in listening
tour type of environment or some of our -- some of the people that we work with will be reaching out
to you for surveys and opinions on how best to optimize our franchise. We encourage you to take full
advantage of that to provide us with feedback, ideas and the like. And even if you don't get reached,
please do not hesitate to reach us directly as well. If you have ideas and thoughts, we welcome them to
put them all into our thinking as to the best way that we can describe our company, what we're doing, our
opportunities, our investments during that [ critical ] Investor Day. Thank you very much, and stay well
and safe.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MSCI INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

