Mylan N.V. NasdaqGS:MYL
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, May 11, 2020 2:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.87

0.90

3.45

1.01

4.38

4.50

Revenue  (mm)

2646.15

2619.20

(1.02 %)

2813.89

11709.82

12069.14

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-04-2020 5:05 AM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.95

1.14

1.28

0.87

1.03

1.17

1.40

0.90

8.42 %

2.63 %

9.38 %

3.45 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
MYLAN N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Anthony Mauro
Chief Commercial Officer

Heather Bresch
CEO & Executive Director

Kenneth S. Parks
Chief Financial Officer

Melissa Trombetta
Head of Global Investor Relations

Rajiv Malik
President & Executive Director

Gary Jay Nachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Gregory B. Gilbert
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

Robert J. Coury
Executive Chairman of the Board

Jason Matthew Gerberry
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Louise Alesandra Chen
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research
Division

Randall S. Stanicky
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Xiaozhou Fan
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

ANALYSTS

Aaron Gal
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Akash Tewari
Wolfe Research, LLC

Christopher Thomas Schott
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David A. Amsellem
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

David Reed Risinger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Elliot Henry Wilbur
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

MYLAN N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day. My name is Erica, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to
welcome everyone to the Mylan First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator
Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Melissa Trombetta, Head of Global Investor
Relations. Please go ahead.

Melissa Trombetta
Head of Global Investor Relations

Thank you, Erica. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Mylan's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference
Call. As we begin our call today, I would like to note that we are mindful of social distancing guidelines
and, as such, are dialed into today's call remotely. I would ask for your patience should we encounter any
technical difficulties.

Joining me on the call from a separate location, albeit 6 feet apart from one another are Mylan's Executive
Chairman, Robert Coury; Chief Executive Officer, Heather Bresch; President, Rajiv Malik; Chief Commercial
Officer, Tony Mauro; and Chief Financial Officer, Ken Parks.

During today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements on a number of matters, including our
financial guidance for 2020 and the proposed transaction pursuant to which Mylan will combine with Pfizer
Inc.'s Upjohn business in a Reverse Morris Trust transaction to create a new company that will be named
Viatris.

These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause future results or
events to differ materially from today's projections. Please refer to the earnings release we furnished to
the SEC on Form 8-K earlier today as well as our supplemental earnings slides, all of which are posted on
our website at investor.mylan.com, for a fuller explanation of those risks and uncertainties and the limits
applicable to forward-looking statements.

Mylan routinely posts information that may be important to investors on this website, and we use this
website address as a means of disclosing material information to the public in a broad, nonexclusionary
manner for purposes of the SEC's regulation fair disclosure.

In addition, we will be referring to certain actual and projected financial metrics of Mylan on an adjusted
basis, which are non-GAAP financial measures. We will refer to these measures as adjusted and present
them in order to supplement your understanding and assessment of our financial performance.

Non-GAAP measures should not be considered a substitute for or superior to financial measures calculated
in accordance with GAAP. The most directly comparable GAAP measures as well as reconciliations of the
non-GAAP measures to those GAAP measures are available in our first quarter 2020 earnings release and
supplemental earnings slides as well as in the Investors section of our website.

Please note that this call relates to Mylan's first quarter 2020 earnings, and we will be limited in what we
can speak about during Q&A regarding Viatris, and we will not be speaking about the Upjohn business.

Let me also remind you that the information discussed during the call, except for the participant questions,
is the property of Mylan and cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Mylan's expressed written
permission. An archived copy of today's call will be available on our website and will remain available for a
limited time.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Robert.

Robert J. Coury
Executive Chairman of the Board

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

MYLAN N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

Thank you, Melissa, and good morning. I'd like to welcome everyone to Mylan's first quarter earnings call,
including our Mylan and future Upjohn colleagues.

As I begin, let me take a moment on behalf of Mylan to extend our deepest appreciation to all the health
care workers and first responders working tirelessly around the globe to care for all those affected by the
COVID-19 virus. I'd also like to sincerely thank our Mylan employees worldwide and their families for their
remarkable resilience and determination they continue to show to help deliver on our mission of providing
patients around the globe with continued access to much needed high-quality medicines.

I will be turning the call over to Heather and the management team in a moment to discuss the quarter at
hand, but first, either I or a member of our management team will also take this opportunity to address
some of the questions and themes that I have received over time from shareholders and analysts, and I
do really appreciate their inputs. We will address those questions either during our opening remarks or
during today's Q&A session.

While management will cover the effects of COVID-19 in our business and operations, I would like to share
some high-level observations regarding the pandemic as a whole. I will also be providing an update on the
status of our exciting combination with Pfizer's Upjohn business.

As to COVID-19, since our last earnings call, the global landscape has changed significantly as a result of
this pandemic. We all remember events in our lifetime that have left lasting impact on us as individuals,
our communities and the world. This global pandemic is one of those moments.

While the pandemic has brought significant challenges that will profoundly impact the global community
for years to come, we are also witnessing incredible examples of human ingenuity, compassion, the
extraordinarily talented efforts of health care professionals around the world and the critical importance,
like never before, of the pharmaceutical industry during these unprecedented times.

I also believe that we could be at the beginning of a resurgence of appreciation of the generic
pharmaceutical industry and the critical value the industry delivers to the majority of the patient
populations around the globe. The COVID-19 pandemic only magnifies health care needs that we must
meet by delivering both cost-effective therapies and targeted innovation. It is this unique and balanced
profile that characterizes Viatris, which will be a leading role within the industry once we launch upon our
closing later this year.

Mylan, for its part, is deeply committed to continuing to support public health efforts as the pandemic
evolves, and I am extremely proud that the one of a kind global platform we've built over the last decade
has enabled us to do just that by continuing to deliver access to medicines around the world, even as
supply chains across multiple industries and countries are challenged more than ever.

Mylan achieves these things because we continue to remain intently focused on controlling what we
can control and running our business safely and efficiently. It never ceases to amaze me at how Mylan
and our dedicated workforce mobilizes to address challenges at hand, including those brought on by
this pandemic. There are a couple of examples that bring to life some of the unique value proposition of
Mylan's powerful global platform, coupled with its equally unique talented global workforce. For example,
Mylan has already shown its ability to rapidly ramp up production to manufacture potential COVID-19
treatments in response to request of governments.

Additionally, as many other innovative and biotech companies work to develop their own potential
therapeutic treatments for COVID-19 and given Mylan's rich experience in antiretrovirals, you can surely
expect that Mylan will once again be in a readiness position to do its part to develop, partner, produce and
soon scale up necessary medications, active ingredients in a matter of months, not years.

Our ability to deliver on these unprecedented time frames is only possible as a result of Mylan's
entrepreneurial spirit, vast global manufacturing and scientific platform, broad product portfolio covering
nearly all therapeutic areas, including antiretrovirals, and by partnering with a broad scientific community
all around the world, including CHAI, among others.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

MYLAN N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

Mylan has a long and successful history of partnerships with other companies. For example, we partnered
with Gilead to help expand access to infectious disease medicines, including HIV, in the markets that they
could not reach alone. From this partnership, we have licensed 9 medicines and distributed to nearly 10
million patients annually in more than 100 countries.

These examples speak directly to the unique capabilities and nimbleness of Mylan's global diverse platform
and the value we continue to bring to others by helping them expand their reach around the globe.

Without speaking for other industries, I can certainly tell you that in the pharmaceutical industry,
especially when needing to meet global health needs for medications, these kind of accomplishments
simply could not occur with just one company or one country alone approach. This is exactly why Mylan
built out its global platform in the first place, so that we can leverage our global resources and efficiently
deliver high-quality medicines when and where needed.

Now turning to a quick update on the status of our very exciting transaction with Pfizer's Upjohn business.
To start, I think it's important to reiterate some of the clear fundamentals and substantial merits that this
transaction has to offer. More specifically, one, this combination with Upjohn will not only enhance our
global scale and geographical reach; but two, this combination will also accelerate Mylan's own stand-
alone business plan by at least 3 to 5 years. Number three, this combination will create an even stronger
business model, an operating platform with expanded commercial capabilities that will not only enhance
our EBITDA, but our EBITDA margins as well, and generate much greater free cash flows. We also expect
to garner an estimated $1 billion in annual cost synergies by the fourth full year after close, while at the
same time pursuing more attractive revenue growth opportunities as well. Four, this combination will also
create a much stronger financial profile by further strengthening our balance sheet and financial flexibility.
We remain committed to rapidly delever and work towards our goal of 2.5x leverage ratio. And finally, five,
Viatris will provide a greater focus on total shareholder return by creating a more shareholder-friendly
capital allocation model, starting with our commitment to institute a dividend policy for Viatris after our
first full quarter post close of at least 25% of our free cash flow.

In addition, and as I've stated previously, I continue to believe that 2021 will be a trough year from which
Viatris will establish a financial baseline to grow from. While we will not be giving guidance at this time,
I do think that many, but not all analyst models, on both revenue and EBITDA ranges are directionally
moving in the right place and consistent with where I believe 2021 may be coming together. But once
again, official guidance will be given by the new Viatris management team led by Michael, Rajiv and
Sanjeev at the appropriate time.

And when that occurs, I am even actually more excited about they're having the opportunity to roll out
and present to all of you, Viatris' new and unique global health care gateway. Importantly, this new global
health care gateway will be powered by Viatris' unmatched global infrastructure and expertise, while also
offering others the ability to further empower their own assets to reach more patients worldwide.

By offering others access to Viatris' global health care gateway, which will include access to our global
commercial reach across all channels, our global supply chain, our global expansive regulatory expertise
and our global cost-efficient manufacturing platform, Viatris will be able to serve a unique sweet spot and
tap a new reservoir of value creation as a new pathway for partners who would otherwise need to rely on
either a fragmented or highly localized or regional expansion strategies of their own. You will hear more
about this and why we believe Viatris will be the true partner of choice at the first Investor Day post close.

Turning to integration planning, and although Heather and Rajiv will provide their own comments, from
my own continued discussions and efforts in working with the future management team of Viatris, I am
extremely pleased with their continued alignment and commitments to executing on the objectives that
we have set forth in the roadmap to optimize total shareholder return.

We will also be finding an opportunity for Michael, Rajiv and Sanjeev to speak with shareholders and
analysts directly at the appropriate time and as we monitor the evolution of the COVID-19 precautions,
but certainly before closing.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

MYLAN N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

Also, you should know that our extraordinary general meeting, EGM, for the Mylan shareholder vote to
approve this transaction is currently scheduled to coincide with our Annual General Meeting, our AGM,
on June 30. In addition to the shareholder approval at that meeting, the only outstanding third-party
approvals at that point would require to close -- to close the transaction will be from the remaining
antitrust regulatory authorities. Hence, this is why we feel very confident at this time that we'll be able to
close this transaction in the second half of this year.

I look forward to answering your questions during the Q&A session, I'll now turn the call over to Heather
for a comment at the quarter at hand.

Heather Bresch
CEO & Executive Director

Thank you, Robert. Good morning. We hope everyone listening today is staying safe and healthy as we
continue to navigate these unprecedented times together. Our hearts and thoughts are with all of those
who've been personally affected by COVID and all of the health care workers and first responders who
continue to go above and beyond to help save lives.

I'd also like to send a special message of gratitude to our entire Mylan family, especially our frontline
workers. Due to their efforts, our manufacturing facilities have remained operational, and we've been able
to continue meeting patients' needs even amid the challenges of a global pandemic. We recognize that
the pharmaceutical industry, including Mylan, has a unique responsibility to help respond to public health
needs during this time.

Our efforts have been aimed at fulfilling those responsibilities on a number of fronts, including protecting
the health and safety of our workforce, continuing to produce critically-needed medicines, deploying our
resources and expertise in the fight against COVID-19, supporting the communities in which we operate
and maintaining the health of our overall business. Though the world around us has certainly changed, our
mission remains the same.

We've made extensive efforts to ensure supply continuity for critical medicines, ranging from maintenance
treatments for chronic conditions to ICU drugs or anti-infectives in short supply due to the increased
demand related to COVID-19.

We're also participating in clinical and prophylactic trials through which product donations, including the
World Health Organization's global solidarity trial, and are continuing to evaluate additional opportunities
to meet unmet needs.

There's no doubt that COVID-19 has tested the strength of supply chains across multiple industries and
countries, we all rely on a very global economy, especially when it comes to the availability of medicine.
As the pandemic continues to evolve, we have received a number of inquiries regarding government's
increasingly urgent interest in strengthening domestic pharmaceutical manufacturing and supply. We have
and will continue to spend time with legislators and regulators around the world on this important topic to
hopefully help find the right balance between strategic supply and global needs.

With all that said, I'd now like to turn to our first quarter results. Our performance came in with total
revenues growing 5% or 8% on a constant currency basis. In addition, adjusted EBITDA improved 6%
over the prior year, with strong adjusted free cash flow, especially for the first quarter, coming in at
$357 million. Adjusted SG&A and capital expenditures came in lower than expectations, and our EBITDA
margins were ahead of what we normally see during Q1.

During the quarter, North America and Europe's performance more than compensated for our Rest of
World segment, where COVID-19 impacts hit sooner than other parts of the globe.

As we look forward, we're reaffirming our 2020 financial guidance as we continue to expect total revenues
to be in the range of $11.5 billion to $12.5 billion, absorbing approximately $200 million of foreign
exchange headwinds versus our previous expectations, and adjusted EBITDA to be in the range of $3.2
billion to $3.9 billion, absorbing approximately $50 million of foreign exchange headwinds versus our
previous expectations.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

MYLAN N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

These ranges account for COVID-19 impact forecasted through Q2 and assume that health care systems
around the world will begin to resume their normal functions in the second half of 2020. This guidance
also takes into account the fact that we are absorbing a delay in some of the benefits of our business
transformation program because we paused certain restructuring elements of the plan due to COVID.

Regarding the work we're doing to successfully close the transaction with Pfizer's Upjohn business, as
Robert mentioned, we remain confident in our ability to achieve that milestone in the second half of
2020. To date, we have received antitrust regulatory clearances in 15 jurisdictions, including the recently
announced conditional approval from the European Commission, and we continue to work collaboratively
with regulatory agencies around the world in the remaining clearances.

I'm impressed every day by the energy and motivation that the Mylan and Upjohn teams bring to the
integration planning, while also meeting their day-to-day and COVID-related responsibilities. I'm confident
that Viatris will be well positioned to be a true partner of choice, especially as health systems globally
grapple with the realities of evolving patient needs and new health care paradigm.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Rajiv, Tony and Ken to provide additional detail on the quarter and our
COVID-19 response efforts.

Rajiv Malik
President & Executive Director

Thank you, Heather, and good morning, everyone. I would like to begin by echoing Robert and Heather's
thanks to our thousands of Mylan colleagues all over the world who have done above and beyond during
this challenging time in support of our mission, especially our frontline workers whose commitment and
teamwork has enabled Mylan to continue its operations without missing a beat and respond to the need
for certain critical medicines.

During this unprecedented time, we have taken extraordinary measures to keep our operations safe so
we can ensure continued supply of our medicines. A few examples include implementing social distancing
within the plants, increased sanitization of common areas, temperature and symptoms monitoring and
staggering shifts.

I would like to take some time to address the inquiries that have come from various stakeholders around
the impact of COVID-19 on our supply chain, especially given our relatively large presence in India.

As you can see on Slide 5 in our earnings presentation, Mylan strategically has maintained a broad,
diverse and resilient manufacturing footprint. Our 44 manufacturing facilities across 12 countries position
us to maintain proximity to the key markets and help us maintain supply continuity even when the
environment around us changes rapidly. Our top 50 products are supplied from 15 different countries and
30 different manufacturing locations.

From an API point of view, not only are we vertically integrated for several key products, but we have also
built strategic partnerships with our API suppliers and built in redundancies to mitigate disruption. Today,
approximately half of our API come from India and China and the other half from North America, Europe
and Rest of the World.

In India, we have 19 manufacturing facilities located in 5 different states, which mitigates risk of
disruption in any given part of the country. Similar to other countries, our operations in India did not
experience much disruption. Even during the first week of lockdown, while rules regarding essential
workers were being clarified, these sites saw minimal disruption. By the second to third week, Indian
operations were back to normal.

It's also worth noting that Mylan has not to date experienced any meaningful disruption from its more
than 500 third-party supply partners located around the world. We are continuously monitoring our
inventory levels of our raw materials and dosage forms and currently are in a strong position from a
supply point of view to meet our customer needs across the globe.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

MYLAN N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

Turning to our first quarter results. We delivered $2.6 billion in total revenues, which is an 8% constant
currency growth versus the prior year. These results reflect solid underlying business performance and
execution on recent launches.

As you may expect, we did see increased demand due to COVID-19, which resulted in an increase in net
positive consolidated revenues of approximately 2%, primarily coming from Europe.

For North America, our net sales were $956 million, which is up 4% compared to the same period last
year. Growth was largely driven by Wixela, a generic to Advair, which, as you may recall, was launched
in the first quarter of 2019. We are also pleased to see that YupeLri, our nebulized once-daily LAMA,
achieved 87% share of nebulized LAMA market and a 13.7% share of long-acting nebulized market.

In Europe, our net sales totaled $1 billion, which are up 18% on a constant currency basis compared
to the same period last year. Our strong quarterly performance was primarily driven by the higher net
sales and volumes of existing products. For example, products such as Creon, Dymista, Brufen and Hulio,
which is our biosimilar to Humira, showed double-digit growth due to the targeted investments in the key
markets.

In addition to the estimated impact of COVID-19, increased volumes were driven by the resolution of the
supply disruptions in the prior year period.

Moving on to the Rest of the World. Our net sales were $611 million. This is flat on a constant currency
basis compared to the same period last year. The estimated negative impact from COVID-19, which
resulted in a slightly weak performance in China and Japan was largely offset by strong performance of
our antiretroviral franchise and new product sales, primarily in Australia.

I would now like to share some key pipeline updates. I'll start with an update on our industry-leading
comprehensive global biosimilar portfolio. Tony will later provide more detail from a commercial
perspective.

To begin, we remain on track with our expected approval of insulin glargine to support a midyear product
launch. This quarter, Biocon's Malaysia's manufacturing facility received FDA pre-approval. With respect
to the related patent litigation, we received a favorable test of court decision on March 9 and further
IPR decisions remain pending. We also continue to be engaged in active discussion with FDA on a viable
pathway to obtain an interchangeable designation.

In addition, we expect to launch our Etanercept product, which is our biosimilar to Enbrel, in the second
half of this year in Europe. Our BLA and marking authorization for our biosimilar to Avastin is currently
under review with FDA and European authorities.

In addition, the development of our biosimilar to aspart and EYLEA remain on track.

Also, as recently announced by Revance, we are continuing discussions with them regarding the
development of a biosimilar to BOTOX. We plan to provide an update on the path forward by May 31.

Now, I will provide an update on some other pipeline products. As I mentioned last quarter, we continue
to deepen our pipeline with high-value product opportunities. I'm pleased to inform you that we have
filed an IND application for MR-107A-01, which is being developed as a non-narcotic oral analgesic for the
management of moderate to severe pain and we plan to initiate Phase II clinical studies this year.

We also continue to progress the development of MR-106A-01, which is a novel synthetic antimicrobial
peptide that's being developed as a topical product for burn wound treatments. This product will enter
clinical development later this year.

Lastly, the Phase III study for our glatiramer acetate once-a-month program was initiated last October.
This is a pivotal clinical study for the U.S. NDA. To date, the study enrollment has been progressing well
with more than 170 patients dosed in the study across 56 sites.

Regarding Morgantown, we have continued to make progress on our comprehensive and ongoing
remediation efforts at the facility. And I'm pleased to share that FDA has determined the inspection

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

MYLAN N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

classification of the site as voluntary action indicated, which changed from OAI. We are awaiting the
formal closeout of the warning letter, which was issued in November 2018, and we expect to receive it at
any time.

Before I hand it over to Tony, I would also like to express my excitement about our continued progress
with Upjohn on integration planning. I look forward to continuing to partner with Michael, Sanjeev and the
future Viatris leaders as we plan this integration and create a new champion for global health.

We are successfully managing the process virtually given the current environment and are taking
advantage of the additional time to focus on executing a quality separation and integration planning
program.

And with that, I will now turn the call over to Tony.

Anthony Mauro
Chief Commercial Officer

Thank you, Rajiv, and good morning, everyone. In terms of my remarks today, I'd like to elaborate on
2 topics. First, I'd like to provide a state of the union on our commercial efforts and share some further
detail on how we are navigating our commercial business globally through the COVID-19 pandemic.
Secondly, and also important, I'd like to begin today by highlighting our biosimilars franchise and share
our path from science to commercialization of one of the industry's deepest product pipeline.

To start with the current COVID-19 situation, our #1 priority continues to be the safety of our employees,
including our dedicated sales force and commercial team of 7,500 people globally. In most countries, we
have moved to a remote engagement model and have found new ways of doing business, relying heavily
on technology and focusing efforts on connecting with health care professionals through various virtual
tools.

Through the impressive work of our sales team, we have completed nearly 200,000 interactions with
health care providers over the past 8 weeks and continue to provide the same level of value support that
our teams have always delivered. I'd like to personally thank these dedicated teams for their continued
efforts and hard work during these complex times.

Throughout this pandemic, we also continue to collaborate with pharmacies, hospitals, wholesalers,
governments and health care providers to help address patient needs. We remain focused on ensuring
customer and patient access to needed medicines and are closely monitoring volumes of critical products.
Our service levels are currently strong, and I'm pleased to report that, to date, our customers have
sufficient supply on hand in markets across geographies.

Turning to our biosimilars franchise. We have always viewed this as an investment for the long-term
and one made globally across many territories. As we have invested in our pipeline and successfully
demonstrated the science behind these products, we knew the next important step was the focus on
the commercialization strategy. We are in the beginning stages of this journey in most of the developed
markets around the world, and we know we have much work to do.

We are focusing on 2020 as a year of expansion as we've continued to increase our commercial footprint
in the U.S. and abroad. Our initial focus for this stage was to scale the organization and ensure we were
methodically optimizing the opportunity to meet demand and maintain stock as we began to introduce
biosimilars to markets around the world.

Now, with multiple global commercial launches underway and added learnings from our experiences in
markets, our focus has shifted to execution and strategic performance and we continue to look to grow our
business and capitalize on new global opportunities.

To provide a comprehensive look at where we are today, we offer one of the industry's largest and most
diverse global biosimilars franchises, which includes products, either on the market or in development,
focused on areas of oncology, immunology, endocrinology, ophthalmology and dermatology. We have

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

MYLAN N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

received more than 150 marketing authorizations for biosimilar products in more than 85 countries
worldwide.

In the U.S., we've launched Fulphila, a biosimilar to Neulasta, and Ogivri, a biosimilar to Herceptin and
have strong confidence in our long-term capabilities from physician, payer and hospital standpoints to fully
execute on both products throughout 2020 and the coming years.

As Rajiv mentioned, we look forward to the anticipated approval and launch of Semglee, our insulin
glargine, as we continue to expand our portfolio in this market.

In Europe, we've launched Hulio, a biosimilar to Humira, and we are beginning to launch process for
Ogivri, Semglee and Fulphila in various markets as we broaden our biosimilar franchise offerings in many
European countries.

In addition, as Rajiv noted, we are looking forward to launching Etanercept, our biosimilar to Enbrel,
following anticipated regulatory approval in the coming months.

Other highlights include the recent launch of Fulphila in Canada, which extends our oncology portfolio
there along with Ogivri.

Additionally, in Australia, after being the first to offer biosimilar trastuzumab, we recently launched
Fulphila there as well and are encouraged by the early market response.

Overall, we continue to believe that our experience and ability to develop complex products and
successfully commercialize these products on a global basis have positioned us to be a worldwide leader in
the biosimilar space over the long term. We remain enthusiastic about this franchise and continue to look
for opportunities to invest as well as expand our portfolio.

With that, I'll now turn the call over to Ken.

Kenneth S. Parks
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Tony, and good morning, everyone. I'll take a few minutes to provide a summary of our financial
results for the first quarter.

Q1 2020 total revenues of $2.6 billion were 5% higher than the prior year and 8% higher on a constant
currency basis. The consolidated results were favorably impacted by approximately 2% due to increased
customer buying patterns and patient prescription trends resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. The
majority of this impact was realized in Europe.

In addition, total revenue growth reflects higher volumes of existing products and, to a lesser extent, new
product sales of approximately $70 million, partially offset by lower pricing.

In the first quarter, our adjusted gross margins were approximately 53% compared to approximately 54%
in the same period last year. The decline is primarily the result of lower gross margin on sales of existing
products in the rest of world as well as North America, partially offset by higher gross margin on sales of
existing products in Europe, along with sales of new products in all 3 regions.

From a segment profitability standpoint, North America increased 9% in the quarter, excluding
costs associated with the Morgantown restructuring and remediation program. This increase reflects
contributions from new product sales, higher volumes and favorable product mix, partially offset by
impacts from lower pricing on existing products due to changes in the competitive environment, including
levothyroxine.

Europe segment profitability also expanded, up 35% in the quarter, primarily driven by the favorable
impact of higher sales volumes, along with lower SG&A spending.

Conversely, Rest of World segment profitability declined in the quarter, down 27%, as a result of lower
pricing on existing products primarily due to governmental pricing reductions in Australia and Japan, and
unfavorable product mix, which was partially offset by benefits from new product sales, along with higher

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

MYLAN N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

ARB volumes. Both Europe and Rest of World segment profitability results were negatively impacted by
foreign currency translation.

In Q1, adjusted R&D of $112 million was 19% lower compared to 2019 due to higher payments in the
prior year period related to clinical activities for products and development.

During the quarter, adjusted SG&A spending was lower than our expectations and essentially flat year-
over-year, reflecting lower travel and promotional activities, primarily resulting from COVID-19-related
travel restrictions and lower legal expenses, primarily offset by higher payroll related expenses.

In Q1, we reported adjusted net earnings of $467 million and adjusted EBITDA of $751 million, an
increase of 11% and 6%, respectively. These increases versus the prior year, primarily reflect the impact
of the increase in our revenues and lower R&D spending, partially offset by negative foreign currency
translation impacts.

For the 3 months ended March 31, 2020, adjusted free cash flow was strong at $357 million, an increase
of $330 million over the prior year. The year-over-year increase was primarily driven by improvements in
working capital velocity and timing of certain other payments. For the remainder of the year, we expect
adjusted free cash flow to benefit from seasonally increasing profitability, coupled with the resulting
reductions in net working capital from first quarter levels.

At the end of Q1 2020, our debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio was 3.6x, in line with our expectation
and our covenant requirements. We anticipate full year adjusted free cash flow generation consistent with
2019 levels and continue to target approximately $1 billion of debt repayment in 2020, starting with a
scheduled maturity of EUR 500 million of bonds later this month.

While we don't presently see any negative liquidity trends related to the COVID-19 pandemic, we will
certainly continue to monitor those trends very closely.

We currently believe our positive cash flow from operations, along with our existing borrowing facilities,
providing liquidity up to $2.6 billion, will allow us to meet our liquidity needs for the remainder of the year.
We remain fully committed to our investment-grade credit rating and to further reducing leverage.

Finally, as you heard earlier, we're reaffirming our full year 2020 guidance that we provided this past
February. Total revenues are expected to be in the range of $11.5 billion to $12.5 billion, absorbing an
estimated $200 million of foreign exchange headwind beyond our previous expectations.

Full year adjusted EBITDA is expected to be in the range of $3.2 billion to $3.9 billion, absorbing
approximately $50 million of foreign exchange headwinds beyond our previous expectations.

It's important to note that both of these ranges reflect our current expectations for operational and
commercial performance, as well as estimated COVID-related impacts continuing through the second
quarter.

Before I close, I would be remiss if I didn't take a moment to express my thanks to our incredible
teams around the world who worked and continue to work tirelessly to deliver on our mission and our
commitments, while keeping themselves, their families and their coworkers safe and healthy.
With that, we'll now open the call up for your questions. Erica?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

MYLAN N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Ronnie Gal with Bernstein.

Aaron Gal
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

And since I'm first, I would want to just thank all your staff, all the hard work you guys are doing in
making sure we all have the drugs we need in this difficult time.

Question about biosimilars. First, you highlighted this as a key driver for the year. Could you share with
us roughly what is your current run rate for biosimilars in the first quarter and how much you think it will
grow to the end of the year? Obviously, if you set it to yourself as a key goal, it would be great to be able
to track your performance against it.

And related, you've mentioned interchangeability for Lantus, I guess the question is, are we looking for
the launch of both the vial and the pen at the same time? And do you expect interchangeability potentially
in both or just one of them?

Anthony Mauro
Chief Commercial Officer

Thanks, Ronnie. And first of all, I just want to reiterate, I could not be more excited, more confident
about our biosimilars franchises, not just here in the U.S. but around the world globally. As we continue
to launch these products, not just the run rate we're seeing in the quarter or the year for 2020 but for
the long term. These products are products that are sticky. They have long-term value, and we truly look
forward to not just launching we have but launching other products. As we outlined either late last year,
early the beginning of this year, we had $3 billion in revenues from products we're going to be launching
up through 2023. And with that being said, although we're not giving guidance, you can continue to
expect that biosimilars will be a very good portion of that value moving forward.

I think the next question was re Lantus?

Rajiv Malik
President & Executive Director

And Ronnie, regarding Lantus, we remain on track to launch both wild and this range as we earlier said, in
the second half of the year. And as far as interchangeability is concerned, we have now science to support
the interchangeability. And we are seeking interchangeability for both the dosage form. Science is very
laid out in FDA's guidance, and that's where we are trying to negotiate with that -- this interchangeability
status.

Robert J. Coury
Executive Chairman of the Board

And I would only add, Ronnie. And thanks for your expression at the beginning of your question. We do
-- we really do appreciate it. I would only ask you, yes, we highlighted the biosimilar franchise because
that's really what it is, a franchise. For quite some time, shareholders and analysts alike have been really
focused in on our portfolio. When we first started building the portfolio, obviously, we were an unknown
in the space. And the first thing we needed to do was demonstrate our science. Now that that's done, we
are shifting completely to a commercial effort. I have to be very honest and clear. Yes, we have starts and
stops. This is not, and I do think it would be a mistake for the investment community to look at this as a
short-term measurement because we didn't invest in this franchise 9 or 10 years for the next 9 months.
We invested because, as Tony said, this is a very sticky product.

And also, to be frank, I think you guys have heard in the past, we did not get into this biosimilar franchise.
Actually, for the United States, we didn't even think that the United States would come online so quickly.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

MYLAN N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

We thought it would come on afterwards. So we were very fortunate to be here first, but we do have a
lot of work to do on the commercial end. And you can expect, because of the long-term nature of this
franchise, that we're going to continue to put in the type of improvements that are necessary to make
sure that we get our value proposition out of our investment.

Operator

Your next question is from Chris Schott with JPMorgan.

Christopher Thomas Schott
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. I guess my first one here, has there been any change in the way you're thinking about Viatris and
what that pro forma portfolio and company looks like on your base 2021 year, given the timing -- the
delay of the timing close as well as just recent business trends you're seeing just any updates there would
be appreciated.

And if I can slip in a second quick question, which is just on the Rest of World performance in the quarter.
Can you just elaborate a little bit more on the COVID impact to that business in Q1 versus how much
pricing in Australia and Japan are impacting the results? I'm just trying to get a sense of what growth
would have looked like ex-COVID for that part of the business?

Robert J. Coury
Executive Chairman of the Board

Why don't you take the second one first, and then I'll do the first.

Rajiv Malik
President & Executive Director

Yes. As you would expect, Chris, China and Japan were the first 2 countries impacted from the quarter
point of view, where we saw that especially the impact on sales force not being in the field and all that.
So we did see some impact over there, which was not significant. And if I have to put in the dollar terms,
it was maybe $10 million, $15 million. And the same was offset by very strong performance in our anti-
retroviral franchise as well as new launches in Australia.

Robert J. Coury
Executive Chairman of the Board

And Chris, I would say, if there is any change in the Viatris 2021 trough year, I would probably say that,
that change is I'm probably a lot more confident in how I'm feeling about going into 2021 and making sure
that, that baseline is set low enough to give management an opportunity to meet and exceed. Because
when we hit that reset button, there cannot be variability in execution. There needs to be a constant,
at the very minimum meet or exceed quarter after quarter in order to restore confidence back in the
sentiment of this very strong and powerful platform's ability to generate substantial and durable cash
flows.

I will tell you, this pandemic, as perverse as what I'm going to say, there are silver linings. I -- we can't
control what we can't control. And unfortunately, this pandemic was thrown in us. So I am constantly
trying to find silver linings and pick those silver linings out. A couple of them is, one, I believe that, that
confidence that I'm conveying to you has been in large part because of the delay in the -- as a result
of this pandemic. I'm seeing a higher quality integration process. I'm seeing a very strong alignment
with management. I'm seeing much more clarity in what's in front of us as things begin to materialize.
I do think that this extra time has bode extremely well. And that's where, and you can certainly rely,
even though I won't be the one be giving you actual guidance, I'm going to directionally help you guys
understand what I see from time to time. And so I would say that the only change is my absolute
increased confidence in where I think that starting point is going to be and the fact that we're going to be
able to grow from that starting point.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

MYLAN N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

Your next question is from Randall Stanicky with RBC Capital Markets.

Randall S. Stanicky
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Great. Robert, earlier this year, you talked about picking a couple of therapeutic areas and focusing on
those. Which areas are you thinking about? And how opportunistic can you be and still balance the 2.5x
leverage target? Has that changed with the pandemic at all?

Robert J. Coury
Executive Chairman of the Board

Actually, great question, Randall. And that -- the approach has not changed. The final answer, I don't
have exactly yet, because it's not just a balance for that. Nothing is going to stand in the way of the 2.5.
I think that, that's critical. Because we believe that, that is the right level to ensure that we can deliver
the capital allocation, how we want to disseminate capital allocation going forward. And part of that is to
make sure that, that dividend is sticky, okay? What we are doing, and we actually have a process well
underway, and I'm actually looking forward to Michael and Rajiv, work is going to be done specifically in
the therapeutic areas. We are doing a very deep dive analysis on Mylan's core competencies, on Upjohn's
core competencies and really determining, after that dividend, what free cash flows do we have to make
for investments and what therapeutic areas make sense to leverage what we already have versus those
areas that we can complement with the talents that we're bringing together. So I do believe we're going
to need a little bit of time. I can probably promise you that at closing, now that we've been extended,
and when Michael, Sanjeev and Rajiv come up and make the presentation, we will have those therapeutic
categories for you in terms of directionally where this company wants to put its investments.

Operator

Your next question is from Umer Raffat with Evercore.

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Robert, there's been a lot of investor questions on whether you guys will have a dividend at all and what
the size of the dividend may be. It'd be really helpful if you could give us some color and perspective on
that.

And Rajiv, perhaps you could speak to pharmacy visit trends in Europe in light of COVID. And I ask
because it seems like you're not seeing any demand impact. I'm trying to lay it in the context of what's
happening because of COVID social separation as well as, in particular, where the impact of Meta and
Abbott ePD business could look like in Europe.

Robert J. Coury
Executive Chairman of the Board

Tony, go -- you go first.

Anthony Mauro
Chief Commercial Officer

Okay. Umer, thank you. I think whether it's in the U.S. or in Europe in particular, we've seen physician
visits down, based on IQVIA data, down 75% plus. And certainly, as we worked through Q1, pharmacy
sales were strong in Europe as we outlined today. And we continue to monitor and watch those trends on
a weekly basis to ensure, not just what we've captured but looking ahead, looking forward, we're always
ensuring that we've got the right product in the right place at the right time for our customers and for our
patients.

Robert J. Coury
Executive Chairman of the Board

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

MYLAN N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

And Umer, in terms of the dividend, I honestly -- I'm trying to figure out how the question in the mind of
some investors or what was said to give any thought that we are not committed to this dividend. There
are 2 things that I want to point out.

One, in my beginning and opening remarks, I can't make it any more clear that once we come together
with Pfizer's Upjohn business and create Viatris, we are completely changing the emphasis of our
business model to total shareholder return, and a huge part of that, especially, I must respect the Pfizer
shareholders as well. Because part of what is -- was in our thinking is to make sure that, that dividend is,
not only are we committed to it, but I hope that we can grow that dividend over time. That is our strategy.
We are deeply committed to this dividend as part of our more friendly shareholder allocation of capital
going forward. And so I will -- so I hope -- I think between that change of business model and the fact
that we're going to be taking in 57% of Pfizer shareholders, we are very, very committed.

In terms of amount, we don't give a dollar amount, Umer, but that 25% of free cash flow is a commitment
of ours. And I think what you'll need to do is take the EBITDA. I think I've kind of sort of directionally
given you guys where I think the right starting point is. And I think it's -- I do believe it's substantially
higher than the $500 million that you are referencing. But I don't want to give a specific dollar because
we're basing it off of our free cash flows.

Operator

Your next question is from Akash Tewari with Wolfe Research.

Akash Tewari
Wolfe Research, LLC

So I wanted to go back to the $4 billion pro forma GAAP free cash flow that was, I guess, not guided, but
at least directionally guided for Viatris when the deal was originally announced. Can you walk us through
the bridge between the roughly $7.5 billion in pro forma EBITDA to the $4 billion in free cash flow. There
seems like there's an undisclosed impairment charge. And given the tweaks on the business, are you
comfortable with that $4 billion free cash flow number on a go-forward basis?

And secondly, on gross margins, we noticed both in the U.S. and EU, margins were up year-over-year. But
overall, gross margins were slightly down. Can you give us some color on what's driving this gap between
the interest segment margins going up but the overall gross margin is going down?

Robert J. Coury
Executive Chairman of the Board

So Ken?

Kenneth S. Parks
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So Akash, thanks for the question. On the difference between the cash flow and the EBITDA number,
it's the typical items that run through there. It's depreciation and amortization that's added back, right?
So then you get down to cash flow, you actually have to take that back out. You get your tax rate applied
to it. You have interest, and there's clearly going to be interest on the -- not only the existing Mylan debt,
which is about $0.5 billion. There's going to be interest on the $12 billion of financing debt. And you can
call that about the same amount, depending on where rates land. When you do that, you're going to end
up -- you should end up very much right at the $4 billion number that you're trying to calculate to. So it's
the typical items that would take you from EBITDA right down. I don't see -- I don't think there's anything
related to -- I know there's nothing related to anticipated impairment charges in that math.

Robert J. Coury
Executive Chairman of the Board

And the gross margins.

Kenneth S. Parks

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

MYLAN N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

Chief Financial Officer

The gross margins. The gross margins, overall, the business gross margins are in, I think, both North
America and Europe. The operating margins of those businesses, which are somewhat reflective, are
both increasing year-over-year. Whereas in the Rest of World segment, the operating margins in that
business, and that's shown on the chart that's included in our earnings material, declined a bit. I think
about 300 basis points year-over-year driven by the details that we called out, including stronger volumes
of ARB, which tends to be a lower gross margin part of the business, combined with the pricing changes,
the governmental pricing changes in Australia and Japan. So not all 3 businesses are showing expanding
operating margins, which is reflective of the gross margin trends. And that should get you to about 1 point
of overall consolidated gross margin deterioration.

Operator

Your next question is from Greg Gilbert with SunTrust.

Gregory B. Gilbert
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Ken, I was hoping you could talk about the inventory levels of Mylan products at key customers at the end
of March versus the end of December.

And for Tony, on biosimilars, I get that your comments are about the long-term franchise value, but I
was hoping to ask more specifically whether anything's changed in either your approach or your supply
situation in the Neulasta market in the U.S. and any early comments you have on the Herceptin market,
albeit early, pros and cons or anything different about that market.

Kenneth S. Parks
Chief Financial Officer

So Greg, on inventory levels, I'll make a comment. Tony may have more to add to it because we're all
following this very, very closely. And one of the things that we are pleased with is that with the sales
levels that we've seen, including with the COVID impact that we called out primarily in Europe, equivalent
to about 2% of our total consolidated revenues, inventory levels, consistently, by market, by category
have been relatively consistent with what we saw December 31 going to March. And we measure those
based upon looking at the sales numbers and the anticipated sale out over a period of time and taking into
account some of the step-up and the sell into the channel. Even with that, we are seeing inventory levels
that are solid but very consistent with what we saw in December.

Anthony Mauro
Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. And Ken, I think the only thing I'd add to the inventories around customers is this is consistent even
as we see certain therapeutic [ efforts ], categories surging sequentially in the month like products in
the respiratory therapy that we have a large percentage of products in. So we're monitoring these on a
monthly basis, ensuring patients and customers have ample supply.

And I think, Greg, as it relates to biosimilars, just going back to this, this is really a long-term play for us,
one that's not just U.S.-centric but global. And as we see these launches happening throughout the world
and in the U.S., products like Ogivri and Fulphila, we walked through kind of where we saw Fulphila at the
end of '19 in terms of where our supply ceiling was. We're seeing that open up. We were concentrating
on building that commercial infrastructure, how we built that foundation. And we're starting to see green
sprouts. Ogivri share is up almost 3% this year in the U.S. We're seeing these kind of optimistic things
happening. And we look forward to just growing them in 2020 and the years beyond.

Operator

Your next question is from Jason Gerberry with BoA.

Jason Matthew Gerberry

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

MYLAN N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just a follow-up. You talked about sell-side consensus estimates for the Viatris combination going in the
right direction. But we only have access with the aggregators to Mylan stand-alone forecast. So can you
comment at all, 2020, what you're seeing in terms of the mean level of the consensus? Is it in the same
ballpark as I think you commented in the fourth quarter call about $18 million -- $18 billion as a number
that wasn't directionally off? So just sort of curious if you can help for us characterize what you see for the
consensus for the Viatris combination, which sounds like a number that you want to come in conservative
against based on some of the earlier commentary.

Robert J. Coury
Executive Chairman of the Board

Yes. So again, I want to be careful here, but you're exactly right, because I'm not actually giving guidance,
and I'm trying to signal to all of you that what I see in 2021 is really not a surprise to me. It's what we've
seen very early on as we were out way in front of some of the changes that were happening in China.
And we obviously were well aware of the LOEs going into this transaction. That's why if you look at the
transaction, you look at the pricing of the transaction, you'll see that we fully incorporated a lot of what
we see in front of us. So we didn't really have the opportunity to jump out in front and really articulate
directionally where the business is going. And everybody started off by looking at Upjohn 2020. And
that is why I've also given comments in the past to try to help the Street understand that it's not as
simple as taking as 4s and adding them together and looking out into the future. There's -- as you bring
companies together, there are many other moving pieces. And I think that the $18 billion, yes, I was
directionally very comfortable. And I also think that the EBITDA, I don't see EBITDA coming down as much
only because there's a number of offsets that I can see. So we're really thinking hard, and this is where
this extra time has really helped, how we will be bringing the businesses back together.

And then when we take a look at the transformation work that we're doing that was already well underway
at Mylan and now underway at Upjohn, and again, I just feel that directionally, you are correct. One of
the things I have to make sure and ensure and pressure test with management is making sure that, that
starting point is a true baseline to grow from, where management, this new management has the best
chance of coming -- I mean, you can see by the roadmap that we have out there, we have very explicit
plans when it comes to execution, what is it that we need to execute on and how we're going to deliver
that total shareholder return for our investors. So I think that the -- that $18 billion, $7 billion range
roughly in that -- that kind of an area, that kind of -- is, I think, the right -- and I haven't changed on
that. Even with what I see today, I haven't changed. If anything, I'm a little more confident as I continue
to see things come together.

But look, if you'll just be a little bit patient and let management come forth with very specific guidance
with a lot of detail behind the guidance. And then also, I want to live up to the promise of the expectations
that when management does come forth, I do think that they owe it to the investment community
to share how exactly they're thinking about this global business, to do a walk around, around each
of the geographical territories, do swa SWOT analysis for you. And as they speak about how they're
thinking about the business, then the next step should be, that should help you guys begin to build your
models. And then I think there needs to be a discussion between management and the sell-side analysts
and shareholders who are building models to make sure how we're thinking about the business, what
disclosures and how transparent we can be, because we absolutely want to be as transparent as we could
without hurting our competitive landscape. So please expect that we're still going to go through that
process. And it's just a process. But it's an exciting process and one that we're looking forward to working
together with you on.

Operator

Your next question is from Elliot Wilbur with Raymond James.

Elliot Henry Wilbur
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

MYLAN N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

Maybe just one question for Rajiv, specifically talked about the company's ability to mitigate any negative
impact on its supply chain via vertical integration and the diversification of your manufacturing base.
But maybe just tell us a little bit more about what you're seeing on the cost side. Hearing from a lot of
companies about significant price spikes or increases in APIs and intermediates and then global shipping
costs, on occasion, kind of go through the roof as well. So I don't know if those are significant enough in
the aggregate. We're actually noticing an impact on overall margins, but maybe just some commentary
there.

And I also want to ask about epinephrine and the supply chain dynamics there, where you currently stand
in terms of inventory and how you're thinking about that product as we kind of gear up for the key back-
to-school season, particularly since it may be an asset that you're going to have a lot more control over
going forward.

Rajiv Malik
President & Executive Director

It's actually -- look, there has been some fluctuations from the cost perspective. There has been some
increased costs of certain intermediates. There has been definitely some increased costs which we have
sought on the logistics from freight point of view. There has been some impact on -- from the absorption
of the overheads of certain plants. But it's not at the point that it has come to a point that it's going to
adversely -- we don't see some of these trends continue where we are. We see freight basically getting
normalized as we go along. We're getting used to this set -- this whole new norm. But as we go along,
we are keeping a very close watch on this, and we will be transparent about what's coming from, what
bucket, how it's being impacted. We -- more importantly, our focus has been on the continuity of supply,
supply of the critical products, supply of the important, how can we meet the surge, some ICU critical
products, how the demands have increased. So we have kept our focus on that. So that's, I think, from
the supply chain point of view.

The second from epinephrine, we are in a strong position from supply at this point of time. We are ready
for the school season. We don't see any hiccups at this point of time, Elliot.

Robert J. Coury
Executive Chairman of the Board

Operator, if I may, and I would ask that the rest of the analyst, your questions, I -- we asked for 1
question because I did promise that we would extend our time a bit, and I do want to give all analysts
an opportunity to ask questions if I could. So if you can limit your questions to one, I would greatly
appreciate that just given the time constraints.

Operator

And your next question is from Gary Nachman with BMO Capital Markets.

Gary Jay Nachman
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

How much additional flexibility with expenses do you have to manage through COVID-19 in the near term?
Or will you just wait for Upjohn -- the Upjohn deal to close since the restructuring program is on hold for
now with the COVID pandemic.

Kenneth S. Parks
Chief Financial Officer

So Gary, thanks for the question. And it is something that we've been watching for the last several
months. There's a portion of our cost, clearly, that is less flexible, especially since we have and said in the
prepared remarks that certain parts of our restructuring programs will be placed on hold for a period of
time. We will not be addressing certain programs that require impact on employees for all the reasons that
you would want us to put those on hold. There are parts of our restructuring program that can continue,
preparatory phases, looking at certain parts of our supply chain and our operational chain. So those will
continue.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

MYLAN N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

On the question of cost, besides the payroll costs, we do have buckets of costs that are variable in nature,
whether it be travel, which I called out, advertising and promotions, meeting expenses, things such as
that, along with other parts of our spend that is discretionary or, I would say, more discretionary and
flexible in nature. With what's going on, some of that naturally reduces. I'm sure you see the same thing
just like we do. People are not traveling. People are not getting on airplanes. People are doing much more
by conferencing and tele calls and things such as that. So we have a measurable bucket of cost in this
business that will move favorably with us.

I would also remind you that our business transformation activities are anticipated, and that extends
beyond our restructuring program, but it is a part of our restructuring program. Those will continue to
occur as we move throughout the year, those parts of the business transformation that relates to products
and evaluation of products that remain in the portfolio. So I think with the mix of all that, without giving
you specific numbers on that, we believe that there is plenty of room to kind of manage with what we
see with COVID in our current outlook extending through the second quarter to manage our cost base in
relation to the current environment.

Operator

Your next question is from Ami Fadia with SVB Leerink.

Xiaozhou Fan
SVB Leerink LLC, Research Division

This is Sheldon on for Ami. So maybe just one on biosimilar. Now that Neulasta and Herceptin biosimilar
market are becoming more crowded with more players coming in, what's your overall strategy of
differentiation in this market?

Anthony Mauro
Chief Commercial Officer

Let me try to answer the best of my ability.

Robert J. Coury
Executive Chairman of the Board

Yes. I mean, I would say, the first, thing I would just say, our competitors would love to hear exactly that,
what is our strategy. It's a real dynamic marketplace, and there's actually a lot more players than I think
any of us really anticipated that would be in the field. So it's all that, all the strategy. This market is still in
the infancy of evolving, and there's still a number of moving pieces that everyone, I think, is assessing. So
with that, Tony, you can do the best you can. But I do want to be sensitive about just that for sure.

Anthony Mauro
Chief Commercial Officer

And I think, as Robert said, I'm not going to walk through strategy, but I think we view these biosimilars
as a franchise, and franchises could be in certain therapeutic categories, like oncology, like you mentioned
Fulphila and Ogivri. Yes, we're used to competing in markets where there's many competitors, and we
look forward to continuing to do that. That's not something we back away from. It's something we look
forward to and something I feel very confident and very excited about doing and growing over, not just the
quarters but the years.

Robert J. Coury
Executive Chairman of the Board

Yes. And I -- and again, on the biosimilars, because it is really important to a lot of investors. We are
going to measure our overall portfolio and not focus at this juncture to any one particular launch. There --
I believe there are some launches. For example, the launches that you've seen here in the United States,
you're not really following the ones overseas as much. But yes, we have starts and stops. We had pushes
and pulls, but there's also learnings that come with that as well. And that's why I think your question is
appropriate about strategy. You also need to adjust that strategy along the way as well.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

MYLAN N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

Operator

Your next question is from David Risinger with Morgan Stanley.

David Reed Risinger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Yes. And congrats on the performance, and thank you for all the detailed updates. So Robert, my question
is, back on the last call, you talked about a trough in 2021, but that you also need to take a hard look at
2022. Could you just please provide an update on your thoughts and any additional commentary on the
pushes and pulls?

Robert J. Coury
Executive Chairman of the Board

Thank you, David. And it's a great question, because without at least me projecting or, in my own mind,
going out to 2022, how would I ever ensure that 2021 is going to be that trough year? I think that,
David, what I'm trying to focus on is, one, I think that the company is going to go through 2 stages for
a potential rerate. I think, one, we have to get to closing. That's the very first thing we need to do. You
can talk about paying the dividend, but until you actually are in a position to start paying it, I think there's
that wait. So I want to be very clear about our commitment, and I'm glad that Umer asked the question
that he did. And I think people are much closer when it comes to the dividend even though I'm not going
to give an exact number but commit to 25% of free cash flows. I actually think people are much closer to
what they've anticipated than the number that Umer put out that some people are thinking about.

But I think once we close and we're actually formed Viatris and we have that right starting point and
people actually can see the new financial profile, I mean we are already stronger from a financial profile
than any one of our -- any one in our sector right now. Imagine when we bring Mylan together with the
Pfizer Upjohn business. When you take a look at that balance sheet and you take a look at our cash
generation and you take a look at our friendly shareholder capital allocation, I'm just telling you right off
the bat, I do think that will be the first time we'll get the first rerate. But the second rerate will come, and
the one I think it's going to be most impactful is when management can outline a 3- to 5-year CAGR off
of that '21 trough number and put [ rates ] behind underneath that 3- to 5-year CAGR, be very explicit
about how you're going to hit those growth rates both in 3 to 5 years. What do we already have in-house?
What are we relying upon? And then I think once the investment community really gets comfortable with
the stabilization and the consistency quarter after quarter of the baseline profile, and then they start to
see some vision where there's actually -- they can actually see how we're going to get the growth, then
I really think that the multiple that our company really deserves will materialize, but it has to happen in
steps. That's not going to happen overnight and certainly not going to happen over our looks. But I want
to thank you for that question because I can only say that I'm looking at 2022 but more so to ensure that
2021 is really going to be that trough year.

Operator

Your next question is from David Amsellem with Piper Sandler.

David A. Amsellem
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

So just a high-level question, and I realize that asking a question about M&A and business development
when you're trying to close something transformational might be tricky. But as you're thinking about
the continued evolution of the new organization, can you give us a window into your thinking on bolt-on
acquisitions, additional areas of interest in terms of other acquisitions and particularly asset acquisitions?
And how should we think about your focus on brands versus generics in terms of your shopping list over
the long term?

Robert J. Coury
Executive Chairman of the Board

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

MYLAN N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

Thank you for the question. I think really, to be fair to your answer, to really be fair to your answer, I
think when the new management comes forth and speaks about our new global health care gateway and
really outlines how we intend to put to use the excess free cash flows after the dividend is paid, I do think
you're going to get a very concise response. And I do think it would be a combination between what we
already have in the pipeline, between what we think we should supplement our pipeline with, and that
will come with, to Randall's question, I think Randall is spot on, on how he's thinking about the way we're
-- we should be thinking about going forward. So I think the therapeutic category you're going to get. I
think there really will be some opportunities for some tuck-ins. I don't believe you should ever be thinking
about major M&A. I do think that we need to really begin to start returning capital back to shareholders.
So there -- we are in the process of really thinking about an extraordinarily disciplined approach about
allocation of capital on a going-forward basis. And I think it would be only fair, one, to the answer to your
question; and two, to the new management team. There's a tremendous amount of work that's being
done. And I'd like to let Michael and Rajiv and Sanjeev, let them present to the Board of Directors. This is
something that we're expecting. We like to get their thoughts, and we like to get the rationale behind their
thoughts. We like to absolutely opine on them and then let them come forth. And I really believe that the
real, concise answer to your question will be forthcoming.

Operator

Your next question is from Louise Chen with Cantor.

Louise Alesandra Chen
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division

So I just have a very simple question. What are the next steps that need to be completed in order for
this Upjohn deal to close? Is there any time you can give around those next steps and if they could be
impeded at all by the COVID-19 pandemic?

Robert J. Coury
Executive Chairman of the Board

Well, the first thing is to get to our shareholder vote, and you saw that we moved it to June 30 and kind
of sort of worked out well because we could now have it at the same time as our Annual General meeting.
So to put the 2 together actually kind of worked out well. I'm hoping I can land in the Netherlands by
then to actually conduct the meeting, if need be. I did see that the Netherlands passed some emergency
legislation to actually postpone to give people an extension up until October to actually have their Annual
General Meeting on account of the COVID. So I'm looking at different ways of working through that. I
don't think that's going to be a problem. We'll look at other alternatives if we have to. But right now, it's
my intention to absolutely be there in person and to conduct that meeting. So I actually think that's not a
difficult one. But you asked about how COVID-19 could play in, I would say that.

I would say that the other one -- the only other one is the remaining regulatory agencies for the antitrust.
And I can tell you, I'm feeling very comfortable with the work that's been done, just where we are. I
mean, obviously, when DC closed on, they themselves, the agency themselves, the FTC asked for an
extension. So we've absolutely opined on their request. I don't know how you can't. But there is nothing
I see that's going to get in the way of our ability to close at the second half of this year. There's nothing
I see. There's no impediment. I think we have plenty of time to accommodate both COVID-19 and the
antitrust regulators in terms of what needs to get done.

Operator
This does conclude today's Mylan First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call and Webcast. Please disconnect your
lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

MYLAN N.V. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 11, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

