Nasdaq, Inc. NasdaqGS:NDAQ
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, October 21, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.45

1.53

Revenue  (mm)

691.07

715.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-21-2020 5:18 AM GMT

5.52

3.46

1.44

5.94

5.97

693.81

2773.77

2822.30

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.27

1.45

1.44

1.45

1.29

1.50

1.54

1.53

1.57 %

3.45 %

6.94 %

5.52 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Edward Ditmire
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Michael Steven Ptasznik
Executive VP of Corporate Strategy
& CFO

ANALYSTS

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Christopher Meo Harris
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Jeremy Edward Campbell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Kenneth William Hill
Loop Capital Markets LLC,
Research Division

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Nasdaq Third Quarter 2020
Results. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator
Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Ed Ditmire, Vice
President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

Edward Ditmire
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Nasdaq's third quarter 2020
financial results. On the line are Adena Friedman, our CEO; Michael Ptasznik, our CFO; John Zecca, our
Chief Legal and Regulatory Officer; and other members of the management team. After prepared remarks,
we'll open up to Q&A. The press release and presentation are on our website. We intend to use the
website as a means of disclosing material, nonpublic information and complying with disclosure obligations
under SEC regulation update.

I would like to remind you that certain statements in this presentation and during Q&A may relate to
future events and expectations, and as such, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from these
projections. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from forward-looking
statements is contained in our press release and periodic reports filed with the SEC. All forward-looking
statements speak only as of today, October 21, 2020, and Nasdaq assumes no obligation to update or
revise any forward-looking statements.

Lastly, a quick programming mention. We are excited to be hosting our Investor Day on November 10. Our
senior leadership team will give presentations about our operations, opportunities and strategy and will be
available for your questions. I know many of you on the line today are planning to participate. If you have
not registered, please do so today at our IR website.

I will now turn the call over to Adena.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Ed, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to report Nasdaq's
financial results for the third quarter of 2020.

With our strategic ambitions as our guide, we have been consistently focused on delivering results for our
clients while creating sustainable value for our stakeholders. Our global workforce has demonstrated their
nimbleness and ability to remain highly productive and available to our clients throughout the period. That
focus is reflected in today's strong results, where we are seeing significant contributions from across our
franchise.

My remarks today will focus on business units highlights and strategic initiatives from the third quarter. I
will then touch on today's announcement about Michael's decision to retire, and then Michael will cover the
financials. Nasdaq delivered another quarter of strong performance, driven by great efforts by our team,
coupled with favorable market conditions. Here are some of the highlights.

We welcomed 105 IPOs to Nasdaq during the period, which represents the highest number of IPOs per
quarter on a U.S. exchange in the past decade. Conviction by investors to increase exposure to Nasdaq's
focus of thematic indexes, coupled with robust partner performance, continues to support our expanding
Index business.

As a result, we saw the AUM in our index products achieved another quarter of record highs, alongside
high trading activity in Nasdaq licensed index derivatives. Our market infrastructure performed

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

exceptionally well during the peaks of volatility we observed earlier this year, particularly in March and
April. We continue to experience strong volumes across our equity and options businesses in the third
quarter, and we've continued to invest to enable us to have the capacity for future volatility as markets
react to continually changing dynamics in the U.S. and globally.

Our data and analytics business within Information Services as well as our Market Technology business
continued to demonstrate their resilience with healthy growth in annualized recurring revenue, or ARR
at market tech, and targeted sales and new capabilities and products across our product suite. We are
pleased to announce the launch of several new products during the period, including the cloud-deployed
Nasdaq Automated Investigator for anti-money laundering, or AML, the fast solution for investigating
financial crime for retail and commercial banks and other financial institutions. And in our licensed index
futures business, we announced together with CME Group, 2 innovative index products: a new futures
contract on the Nasdaq-100 Volatility Index known as VOLQ; and the first-ever water index futures based
on the Nasdaq Veles California Water Index.

Early in October, we also announced an expansion of our partnership with Invesco for our Nasdaq-100
product suite, including a new Nasdaq Next Gen 100 Index ETF. Our results for the third quarter highlights
the strength of Nasdaq's diversified product offerings and business model while operating in a unique
capital markets environment in 2020. Our ability to execute against the significant demand and logistical
challenges of COVID-19 enabled us to continue on our strategic journey and bring these new and
innovative technology and index solutions to our clients.

Now I will turn to our strong results for the third quarter of 2020. Nasdaq delivered net revenues of
$715 million, an increase of $83 million or 13% from the prior year period, driven almost entirely by
organic growth. Net revenues in our Market Services business grew 15%, while revenues in our nontrading
segments rose 12% from the prior year period. Operating leverage was particularly strong with non-GAAP
operating margin expanding nearly 200 basis points to 52% and contributing to the non-GAAP EPS growth
of 20%.

Turning now to the specific highlights from the third quarter, starting with our foundational marketplace
businesses. Our Market Services segment saw net revenues of $259 million, a 15% increase from the prior
year period, led by a 35% increase in cash equity net revenues as well as strong growth in both the equity
derivatives and trade management services businesses. While, of course, industry volumes were a main
contributor to this performance, I do want to bring attention to the strong competitive positioning that
Market Services has established and which continued in the third quarter. In particular, we have enjoyed
relatively stable market share in U.S. equities, an area where we feature the single largest liquidity pool
with the Nasdaq stock market, the largest of our 3 equities exchanges.

Additionally, our Nordic equity franchise with a 77% share on exchange trading was up nearly 500 basis
points year-over-year. And in our U.S. options trading complex, we continue to lead the industry with a
37% share of multiply listed options. The elevated volumes we have experienced are the results of both
high investor engagement and a multitude of macro and geopolitical uncertainties. While the activity levels
can change quickly, we believe that the U.S. presidential election remains a big focus for investors. And we
anticipate that our marketplaces are likely to continue to contribute at high levels as we progress through
the final quarter of the year.

Our Corporate Services segment delivered revenues of $132 million, a 6% increase, boosted by new listing
activity and continued demand for our governance and Investor Relations intelligence solution. In our
Listing Services business, Nasdaq led U.S. exchanges for IPOs during the period, welcoming 105 IPOs for
a 79% win rate for operating company listings and an overall win rate of 65% when including SPAC. We
are proud to welcome GoodRx, Li Auto, Jamf Holding Company and nCino, as just a few of the highlight
listings from the quarter.

Our quarterly win rate of SPAC has also been rising from 30% in the second quarter to 51% in the third
quarter. In addition, we were honored to welcome 6 companies who have switched their listings from the
New York Stock Exchange to Nasdaq during the period, with an aggregate global market capitalization
of $187 billion, including AstraZeneca and Keurig Dr Pepper. This brings our cumulative exchange switch
market cap to over $1.8 trillion since 2005, with over $1 trillion of that value switching in just the last

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

5 years. When it came to their decision to switch exchanges, these issuers identified strongly with the
innovative spirit of Nasdaq's listing platform with the expanding community of listed issuers, recognizing
the opportunity to leverage our IR and governance solutions to improve how they engage with critical
stakeholders. And lastly, for the larger switches to potentially increase their representation in the Nasdaq
family of indexes by qualifying for the Nasdaq-100.

In the third quarter, Corporate Services revenue grew 6% with a balanced contribution from both
governance and IR solutions. We are pleased that rising secular demand for insights that help companies
better understand and engage the shareholders is more than offsetting the impact of spending reductions
by companies and sectors more negatively impacted by COVID-19. We believe that our successes during
the quarter underscore how Nasdaq continues to be the destination exchange and partner of choice
for companies worldwide with unparalleled expertise across equity markets, Investor Relations and
governance. Now let me turn to our Information Services and Technology businesses.

In our Information Services segment, we delivered net revenues of $238 million, up $40 million or 20%
from the prior year period. Index AUM rose to $313 billion versus $207 billion in the prior year period, up
51%, while contract volumes in the Nasdaq index -- Nasdaq licensed index futures that trade on the CME
rose by more than 90%. Each of these contributed meaningfully to the index revenue rising $30 million
or 54% year-over-year. While the Nasdaq-100 family of indexes has had market appreciation materially
above broader market averages, 30% -- 37% of the increase in AUM year-over-year came from positive
organic investor inflows, and we're working with our partners to meet rising investor interest in Nasdaq
thematic indexes in several ways. For example, as I stated earlier in my remarks, just last week, Invesco
introduced the QQQ Innovation Suite in partnership with Nasdaq, giving a wider population of investors
access to the Nasdaq-100 Index for a variety of investment structures and providing exposure to the
Nasdaq Next Gen 100 Index through a new ETF.

Additionally, we launched VOLQ, a new futures contract on the Nasdaq-100 Volatility Index and announced
plans to launch a futures contract based on the Nasdaq Veles California Water Index. Our Investment
Data & Analytics revenues increased 13% from the prior year period, driven both by the incorporation
of Solovis and the organic growth in our leading institutional asset allocation solutions. Market Data rose
5% with contributions from across our North American and European proprietary products as well as the
tape plan revenues. Growth during the period was driven by new sales and increased retail investor usage
worldwide, particularly in new geographies like Asia Pacific and Latin America. In addition, this area of
the business saw new customer expansion and new product launches, driven by the launch of the Nasdaq
Cloud Data Service, a service that we believe provides significant technical cost reductions and quickens
the time to market for clients seeking real-time data solutions.

Lastly, our Market Technology segment delivered $86 million in revenue and signed $84 million in new
order intake. ARR in the quarter was $278 million, a 9% increase year-over-year. However, total revenue
rose only nominally in the third quarter compared to the prior year as the growth in the more stable SaaS
subscription and recurrent licensing fees that comprise our ARR was offset by lower nonrecurring revenues
associated with new service implementations and change requests.

As we stated earlier in 2020, service implementation, change request projects, new order intake levels
and funding for new market initiatives have been adversely impacted by pandemic-related factors. We
continue to expect to see in the short term mostly logistical growth headwinds that underpin the risk of
Market Technology being below the bottom of our medium-term growth objectives for the current year.

We have taken actions that we hope will mitigate pressures on our nonrecurring Market Technology
revenues in the coming period. For example, we've developed new ways in improving execution for
important project phases in a completely virtual environment. And we've increased hiring of technology
staff as part of an effort to quicken the pace of our full slate of existing implementations to their
production phases. To increase technology staff to manage the large project -- delivery projects has had
an impact on the short-term margins, and we are managing this expense increase carefully as we continue
to be focused on driving margin expansion as the business continues to grow.

Taking a step back from the near-term impact of the pandemic, our conviction has not changed about
the medium- to long-term opportunity for Market Technology. A major component of this strategy is our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

commitment to operating and providing best-in-class SaaS solutions across the transaction life cycle.
Our Marketplace Services Platform, which launched in June, gives clients a complete transaction life
cycle functionality on a single platform, and we've seen positive response in growth and demand for the
platform over the quarter.

In 2020, year-to-date, we have increased the count sales to entirely new clients, the vast majority of
which have chosen to implement our next-generation SaaS-enabled services. Specifically, we signed 8 new
market infrastructure operator clients to our SaaS offerings and we have signed 12 new trade surveillance
clients so far this year. We've also had solid success in expanding our existing client relationships in our
trade surveillance business. We look forward to updating you both in addressing the near-term challenges
we're navigating as well as our progress in ramping adoption of our next-generation products and services
in the coming period.

Now let me take a moment to address today's announcement that Mike will be retiring in early 2021
after a very distinguished 30-year financial services career. Michael joined Nasdaq in 2016 as CFO to
lead a dynamic team responsible for finance, treasury, strategy, Investor Relations, facilities and risk
management. His extensive operational expertise and industry reputation for strategic thinking, creative
research management and managing through competitive and evolving landscape made him a perfect fit
for us during what has been an especially important phase in our growth as a company.

Now Michael has been an invaluable member of the executive leadership team during his time at Nasdaq.
He played a particularly important role in our management team strategic review of our business in 2017,
after which we've realigned our vision, mission and corporate strategy to embrace our core strength in
data, analytics and technology, our strategic pivot as we refer to it.

Michael has then played an instrumental role in the execution of our strategic pivot. For example,
he worked closely with me to establish a clear, consistent capital deployment and return framework,
including an annual review of our business portfolio and effectively manage the balance sheet to improve
liquidity and lower borrowing costs. Michael has been a wonderful partner to our business unit leaders,
bringing creative ideas as well as the structured approach across business unit initiatives. He has worked
extensively with our business units to evaluate and execute on organic and inorganic opportunities, and he
oversaw the launch and development of our venture investment group.

Michael has been an outstanding CFO, bringing focus, drive, creativity and determination to his role
every day. And on behalf of the entire team at Nasdaq and the Board of Directors, I want to thank you,
Michael, for his leadership and dedication to our company and to our values. When Michael retires at
the end of February next year, I'm very pleased to announce that Ann Dennison, who currently serves
as Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, will become Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer. Anne joined Nasdaq in 2015. And since 2017, she's been leading an extensive
multiyear modernization of the company's financial operations infrastructure. These efforts include
Nasdaq's migration to a modern financial consolidation and reporting system, leveraging Workday
financials, the introduction of a new enterprise resource planning platform and surrounding systems and
the development of a corporate data strategy and intelligent automation program that are delivering
interesting insights and powerful efficiencies.

Additionally, Ann added to her responsibilities in 2017, when she took on leadership of the Financial
Planning and Analysis team, which partners with the business units and expert teams to develop and
maintain our detailed forecast and budget. Ann is a dedicated leader with a deep understanding of our
business and our long-term vision. She has made significant contributions to Nasdaq's financial soundness
to her 5 years with the company, and her diligence and expertise will be important factors in our growth
strategy.

With her combination of experience and leadership skills as well as her thorough knowledge of Nasdaq's
business and financial operations, Ann is the obvious and best choice to become Nasdaq's next CFO.
I'm excited for our analysts and investors to meet Ann in the coming months as Michael and Ann work
together to transition the role between now and the end of February.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

As I wrap up, I will summarize by saying that we are very pleased with the strong results we delivered
in the third quarter, and we remain focused on advancing our strategic mission. Our results highlight the
strength of Nasdaq's diversified product offering and business model, capitalizing both on opportunities
presented by this year's unique capital markets backdrop, including elevated trading volumes, rising index
valuations and strong IPO issuance. We believe that our ability to execute against the significant demand
and the logistical challenges of COVID-19 has enabled us to continue on our journey while prudently
advancing as a technology and analytics provider.

And with that, I will turn it over to Michael to review the financial details.

Michael Steven Ptasznik
Executive VP of Corporate Strategy & CFO

Thank you, Adena, for those kind remarks, and good morning, everyone. I will first provide comments on
the quarter and then a few remarks about my decision to retire.

My commentary on the quarter will primarily focus on our non-GAAP results and all comparisons will be
to the prior year period, unless otherwise noted. Reconciliations of U.S. GAAP to non-GAAP results can
be found in our press release as well as in a file located in the Financials section of our Investor Relations
website at ir.nasdaq.com.

I will start by reviewing third quarter revenue performance as shown on Page 3 of the presentation
and organic revenue growth on Pages 4 and 14. The $83 million increase in reported net revenue
of $715 million is the net result of organic growth of $70 million, including 13% organic increase in
Market Services and 10% organic growth in the nontrading segments, a $4 million positive impact from
acquisitions and a $9 million favorable impact from changes in foreign exchange rates.

I will now review quarterly highlights within each of our reporting segments. I'll start with Information
Services, which as reflected on Pages 5 and 14, saw a $40 million or 20% increase in revenue. Excluding
a positive $3 million impact from the acquisition of Solovis and a $1 million positive impact from favorable
changes in foreign exchange rates, organic revenue growth during the period was 18%, primarily
reflecting very strong growth in our Index business and positive contributions from each of the Investment
Data & Analytics and Market Data businesses.

Operating margin of 65% increased 100 basis points compared to the prior year period. Market Technology
revenue, as shown on Pages 6 and 14, increased $2 million or 2%, primarily reflecting a positive $3
million impact from the favorable changes in foreign exchange rates. On an organic basis, revenue
decreased by $1 million or 1%, as the increase in Software as a Service surveillance revenues were more
than offset by lower software delivery and support revenues and lower change requests and advisory
revenues.

Annualized recurring revenue, or ARR, rose 9% compared to the prior year period. Operating margin of
10% in the period was down 8 percentage points from 18% in the prior year, putting margin into a 12-
month context, which eliminates quarter-to-quarter volatility from seasonality and other factors, the
trailing 12-month margin is 16%, in line with full year 2019 level. As Adena noted, progress has been
impacted by the pandemic-induced near-term growth headwinds. However, we continue to expect margin
improvement as the business expands over time.

Turning to Corporate Services on Pages 7 and 14. Revenues increased $8 million or 6%. Organic revenue
growth was $6 million or 5%, reflecting an increase in U.S. listings revenues and increases in both
governance solutions and IR Intelligence revenues. The operating margin of 39% for the segment was
up 300 basis points from the prior year period. Market Services net revenues on Pages 8 and 14 saw a
$33 million or 15% increase. Excluding the positive $4 million impact from favorable changes in foreign
exchange rates, the organic revenue increase was $29 million or 13%. The organic increase during the
period primarily reflects increases in cash equities and equities derivatives net revenues due to higher
industry trading volumes. The operating margin of 59% for the segment increased 2 percentage points
year-over-year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

Now turning to Pages 9 and 14 to review expenses. Non-GAAP operating expenses increased $29
million to $346 million. The increase reflects a $17 million or 5% organic increase, a $7 million increase
from the impact of acquisitions and a $5 million increase from an unfavorable impact of changes in
foreign exchange rates. The organic growth in expenses primarily reflects higher compensation expense,
professional fees and infrastructure costs, partially offset by lower travel and event spending.

Turning to Slide 10. We are adjusting our 2020 non-GAAP operating expense guidance to a range of $1.36
billion to $1.37 billion, up from $1.33 billion to $1.36 billion previously. The revised range is driven by 2
factors. First, changes in foreign exchange rates and particularly, the weakening of the U.S. dollar has
manifested in a $10 million increase in the top end of our guidance range. Second, as we have continued
to deliver especially strong organic growth in both our trading and nontrading segments, higher expenses,
including accruals of performance-based compensation, make us increasingly likely to end up at the
high end of our expense guidance range. To add some full year context, the $1.37 billion high end of our
revised expense guidance range implies a 4% organic increase in expenses while in the first 9 months of
2020, the company delivered organic revenue growth of 12%.

Now moving to operating profit and margins. Non-GAAP operating income increased $54 million in the
third quarter of 2020, and the non-GAAP operating margin was 52% compared to 50% in the prior year
period. Net interest expense was $24 million in the third quarter of 2020, a decrease of $2 million versus
the prior year. The non-GAAP effective tax rate was 26% for the third quarter of 2020. For the full year
2020, we continue to expect the non-GAAP tax rate to be between 26% and 27%. Non-GAAP net income
attributable to Nasdaq for the third quarter of 2020 was $256 million or $1.53 per diluted share, compared
to $212 million or $1.27 per diluted share in the prior year period.

Turning to Slide 11. Debt increased by $89 million versus June 30, primarily due to an increase in the euro
bonds book value caused by a stronger euro. Our total debt-to-EBITDA ratio ended the period at 2.4x,
unchanged from 2.4x at the end of Q2. During the third quarter of 2020, the company paid a dividend in
aggregate of $81 million and repurchased common stock in the amount of $34 million. The company has
repurchased $186 million year-to-date through September 30, largely completing our objective to use
share repurchases to offset dilution of equity compensation and other sources of gross issuances.

Now before I turn it back for the Q&A session, a few comments about my decision to retire. While it's
a decision I've contemplated for a while now, it certainly comes with mixed emotions. It has been such
an honor and a privilege to work for Adena, the Board and this incredible company. And I am extremely
excited about the vision and strategy and the great opportunities that we have ahead of us to continue to
grow and expand as a technology company serving the capital markets and beyond.

Most importantly, I am fortunate to work with colleagues who are enormously intelligent, innovative,
driven and are just good people to consistently exemplify Nasdaq's values of integrity and teamwork.
However, I've been in the exchange industry now for a long time, going back to the '90s when exchanges
were mutual, broker-owned not-for-profits. And while I can't say for certain, I do believe I hold the record
for the most consecutive quarterly conference calls as CFO of an exchange group, with this call being my
72nd in a row. And thus, why the decision was so difficult.

For those of you who like me are Canadian, I'm sure you'll recall the ubiquitous early retirement-inducing
Freedom 55 commercials and will undoubtedly understand the indelible target that left on my psyche. In
finance, we forecast macroeconomics, revenues and earnings, but the one thing that no one can forecast,
and COVID has certainly been a great reminder of this, is the time and capability we'll be given to enjoy
the fruits of our labors.

Thankfully, I have no current health concerns. But the point is, you just never know. So despite the
temptation to stay and partake in the exciting initiatives and growth we have in front of us here at
Nasdaq, I have decided to stick with the 5-year plan -- 5-year time frame that I shared with Adena and
importantly, my family, when I first accepted this position.

What does make my decision easier is that my knowledge of the strength of the team I am leaving
behind, and I could not be more pleased that Ann Dennison will be taking on the CFO role. Ann has been
a key member of my management team. Her technical expertise, proven ability to drive change through

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

innovation and her collaborative approach to problem solving, make her the ideal candidate for this
position. She's also an absolute pleasure to work with and is always focused on doing what's best for the
organization. I am confident that she is the right person to help drive Nasdaq.

So there will be plenty of time next quarter to say proper thank yous to the Board and to Adena, to all my
colleagues, past and present, and to you, the investors and analysts. At this point, I will just say it has
been an honor and privilege to work for and with all of you.
So now I'd like to just drop the mic and walk away, but I think we have to turn to a Q&A session now. So
I'll turn it back to the operator.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

And Michael, despite that elegant explanation, you're still too young to retire, we think.

Michael Steven Ptasznik
Executive VP of Corporate Strategy & CFO

Thanks, Rich.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

No. I'm kidding. Congrats, and you've done a great job. Anyway, so my question is, first, on the
Information Services on the Index revenue. So a nice upside surprise. I guess Adena or Michael, can you
give us a better feel for how the breakout? We see that the revenue grew by more than 50%, but the
futures and options volumes grew almost double. So can you just give some more color how we can model
this a little bit better, given your agreements with the CME and also the licensed AUM that grew by over
50% as well? So how do you sort of model this a little bit better than what we have then?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So thanks, Rich. I think that the first thing to note is we've kind of given you a little bit of a guide in
the past to say that the index futures revenue kind of ranges from 10% to 20% of the overall revenues for
the Index business.

And it -- obviously, it ebbs and flows based on volumes. So it's not -- we can't give you a precise
percentage every quarter. But this quarter, it was 21%. So it's just at the top end of that or just above
the top end of that range. And I think that, that shows you the strength of the fact that we have a great
relationship with CME, and I think that we have a long-term partnership with them.

And the indexes that we have, particularly the Nasdaq-100, the CME, is particularly strong index this year
and one where we see a lot of investor appetite, both to invest in the ETFs and the product as well as to
use the futures markets to help hedge and manage their portfolios.

Operator

Our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I was hoping, again, you could expand upon your comments on the market tech side. Obviously, the
short-term dynamics around some of the headwinds with revenue. But if we think about the 4Q sequential
build that typically happens in that segment, how we should think about in the context of this year?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So I think that we've kind of break down what we were trying to convey. The first is that the ARR
growth, which is really the recurring revenue stream that comes from our newer offerings that are SaaS
oriented as well as our trade surveillance business, which is SaaS oriented, I mean, those continue to see

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

-- you're seeing continued growth of that 9% growth. And we continue to see that, that will be a strong
part of our franchise.

And I think that we should recognize also that those types of implementations are more simple. They're
just -- they don't take as long to put a -- bring a company into the market, whether it's the Marketplace
Services Platform or to bring them on to our trade surveillance or market channels platform. It's the
bigger project where we still do significant on-prem deliveries, where this year, we've definitely seen more
of an impact of that.

And if you think about it, there's a lot of collaboration that needs to go on between us and the clients on
so that -- particularly in the post-trade deliveries, and we have several post-trade deliveries that we're
working on at the moment.

And the pandemic made it harder to have that collaboration and it kind of created some challenges in
terms of keeping up the pace of the original delivery schedule. And we've got better at that as we've
gone through the year, and the clients also have gotten more used to it as well. But that, I think,
definitely created some challenges. And then also just making sure that in order for us to make sure we're
managing the pace of those, we have been making some increases in the tech team to make sure that we
can deliver against that in this kind of constrained environment.

And those are short-term issues, and those are the types of revenues that are nonrecurring because
they're delivery revenues, but they are -- they continue to be an important part of the business.

And then on change requests, it's really a matter of our ability. We actually have the capacity to
implement change requests when the clients are looking for them. But when they're not, we obviously
apply the people to the implementation projects. But we also are finding that clients are making change
requests for sure, but just have a lower demand for those this year because they're managing through
other issues in their own organizations.

So I think you should assume these are shorter-term trends that are really driven by the current
environment against a nice long-term trend in terms of us increasing the percentage of sales that we're
getting through staff as well as continuing to move more of our products into a more flexible delivery
mode with NFF.

So I think -- I'm hoping that gives you enough backdrop.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jeremy Campbell with Barclays.

Jeremy Edward Campbell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

And Michael, I just want to say congratulations. I know we still have a few months left, but it's been a
pleasure working with you and best of luck.

A quick question on asset manager consolidation. It seems up a bit over the past year. And reportedly,
the pipeline is pretty active right now. I know asset managers are kind of a major client base of Nasdaq in
different parts of the ecosystem. But how should we think about the pluses and minuses of asset manager
consolidation as it relates to your nonrecurring revenue stream at Nasdaq? And could like some of those
post-deal integration be another potential near-term headwind for market tech?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Well, on the asset manager side, we don't actually have a lot of asset managers with clients in the market
tech business. We tend to really focus in on market infrastructure operators as well as broker-dealers. And
we do have a small business that we've been growing in the surveillance business for the buy-side clients.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

So I think market tech won't -- asset manager consolidation won't be a significant issue there. And then
if you look over in the Information Services business, we have thousands of asset manager clients, and
so you are seeing an occasional combination. And that's where we also work with them to figure out if
they're, let's say, both with the clients or investment clients, then we'll work with them to figure out what
is the overall enterprise value going forward that they should -- that we should be able to charge for
investment on a combined basis versus a single basis.

It's really a matter of us working with the clients on that. And certainly, if the client -- one client is the
investment client and the other one is not, then we have a chance of actually increasing our penetration in
that client as they combine. So I think that's the way to look at it for the investment business.

And same with areas like Quandl and others, which are still very small and growing. There's just a huge
sea, as you know, of asset managers out there for us to [ peel to ].

On the trading side of the business, I don't anticipate that, that will have a real impact because they're
basically just managing more AUM with their trading organization, and that shouldn't have a significant
impact on how much they're trading and how they're managing their portfolio. So I don't see an impact on
the trading side.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

This may be better for the Investor Day, but I do want to ask about M&A. You have clearly established a
pretty strong track record here over the last few years, partially helped by Michael and you, obviously as
well.

But if I look into next year, rates are low. 2021 is going to face a really tough comp on the trading side
and on the index side, and your multiple has expanded substantially. So I'm just wondering, is this --
are you thinking differently about maybe bigger deals in the space? And if so, to what degree would you
actually look at something that has a little bit more transactional revenues with it and whether it could be
more of a cost-driven value proposition? So maybe a broad update on M&A would be great here.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Yes. Well, we will spend a little bit more time on that in the Investor Day, Alex. So I think it is an
area that will at least give you a sense of our focus areas.

But I'll give you a little bit of a preview. I think what we've said all along is that we look at acquisitions as
part of fitting into our strategy. So we don't just look at every acquisition out there opportunistically. We
have really developed a strategic nexus around where we want to grow and how we want to grow, and
where we think that we can do everything organically and where we might benefit from acquisitions that
could catalyze growth or expand our client health.

And I think that the areas that we have been primarily focused on, and we've said this many times, is in
expanding our market tech business and expanding our Information Services business in terms of growth
[ of their parts ] of the sector and the industry.

And then on the marketplace -- in the marketplaces, I think that we would make targeted acquisitions if
it really makes sense in terms of both synergies on the cost side and so therefore, the ability to generate
scale, but also that it furthers our strategy in the asset classes where we're really strong.

But -- and all I can say is that we look at a lot of things. We do always put them within the strategic
framework so that we also stop looking at things pretty quickly if it doesn't really fit in. And we will
certainly not shy away from doing the right transactions that further our strategy. But that hasn't changed.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

I mean we're not shifting our strategy from what we've been seeing over the last 2 years. So we'll spend a
little more time on that at Investor Day.

Operator

And our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Congrats, Michael, also. I know we'll talk to you for another quarter, but I just want to say congrats. So
just on the sustainability of that Information Services revenue. Extremely strong this quarter. Looks like
it's easy for you to now exceed the top of the 5% to 7% range even with the softness in market tech. But
as we look at that info services moving into the fourth quarter and into next year, obviously, depending on
volumes at CME and in your contracts and ETF AUM levels, but it seems like there would still be an upward
trajectory in that line. So just maybe some commentary about that. And to what extent in the audit fees
positively impacted Market Data? And then just thoughts about Market Data revenue coming into '21 with
consolidation, say, in the online brokerage industry, for example, with Schwab and Ameritrade and your
ability to recoup that cost.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Great. I'm just want to make sure that -- okay. So within Information Services, I think one of the
things that I'm particularly pleased about with the quarter is to show that there is really solid growth
across all 3 subsegments within Information Services.

So you have growth within the data analytics franchise, with the investments in Solovis, Quandl and other
assets there. We have 5% growth in Market Data, and I'll cover that in a minute. And then we also have a
very strong growth in our Index franchise.

And while there are beta elements to the Index business, I think that we have to recognize that even
when we saw some, like back in the fourth quarter of 2018, where we saw the markets really go through
a tumultuous period, we continue to see investor inflows into the Nasdaq-100 and other Nasdaq indexes,
which really made it so that it buffered the downward trend in the overall market cap there.

So we do think that there's just a strong secular interest and appetite among investors to invest in the
Nasdaq-100, the biotech index, semiconductor, other thematic indexes in addition to our smart beta
franchise. And then we've seen that through both the type of upward market swings, but also even
in March, the largest inflow week that we had was the toughest market week. As the markets were
declining the most, that's when we saw, I think, something like $4 million or $5 million of inflows into the
Nasdaq-100.

So we just think that the indexes that we have are more aligned with long-term themes. But I also would
say, there is obviously some beta component there and on the trading. We are making sure that we
continue to generate growth there by launching new products and making sure we're gathering AUM into
those products as well, and that will be a testament to our ability to do that over the next several years to
continue to expand that franchise.

With regard to the Market Data business, we are continuing -- I think the one thing that this year has
shown is it's a very resilient business and we have done a nice job of diversifying the clientele, which
earlier in the year, we mentioned, could create some challenges just in terms of clients who are some of
the newer clients in other parts of the world. But actually, we found that we continue to see really strong
demand from those clients to continue to provide and expand the data that they're providing to investors
around the world. So that's showing up in the numbers.

And in fact, our audit revenue this quarter is significantly down from last year's third quarter, and our
audit revenue for the year is down from last year. So we're actually not collecting as much on the back-

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

billing. We're really -- the growth that we're seeing this quarter is really just from pure new customers and
obviously, expansion of our current clients.

In terms of the consolidation and the impact from the online brokers, there will be some impact from that.
And we've been -- we've known that for a long time. The nice thing is that it takes a long time to close this
deal. So we've had a lot of time to work with those clients and continue to make sure that they're taking
all the products that they can take from us as they become a combined organization. But we do also see
continued strong demand coming from new fintech clients, and so I think that there's a nice balance there.

But we've always said that, that is a low to medium term, I mean, a low to mid-single-digit grower
because it's a more mature part of our business. So hopefully, that gives you more context.

Michael Steven Ptasznik
Executive VP of Corporate Strategy & CFO

And Brian, the audit number was $2 million in the quarter compared to an unusually high quarter of $9
million in Q3 of '19.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mike Carrier with Bank of America.

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Good quarter. Just wanted to get an update on regulation, given that the DOJ working with the SEC on
some areas like big market data. Just wanted to get your take, particularly from a process standpoint, on
how this is potentially different versus the typical SEC process, maybe what to expect.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Well, to be honest, we're reading about that the same way you are. So I hope that to understand
that there's nothing that -- we're reading it at the same time you're reading it.

So I think that the thing -- that is the one thing I would like to say. And secondly, I think that we've been
able to demonstrate multiple times over a decade that we have a highly competitive market model that
our products are subject to competition in the data space, and that we provide a great value for investors
and participants alike in the market data that we provide. And I think we do it in a very responsible way.

And I think we've proven that both to our customers, and we do have very good relationships with our
customers on the market data front despite some of the things that you see in the paper. But I have
to say, behind the scenes, we continue to have very strong relationships across our clientele as well as
the fact that in addition to that, we've had to defend ourselves several times now, both in a court-like
situation. And I think we've done -- we've been able to prove ourselves over and over again that this is
a competitive space, that we price our products competitively and that we create great value for people,
those people who use the data.

So I think that we remain very confident, Mike, in the way that we manage the business as well as how we
deliver products. And we're happy to engage with whoever wants to talk to us about that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

So first of all, best of luck in your future endeavors, Mike.

Michael Steven Ptasznik
Executive VP of Corporate Strategy & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

Thank you very much, Owen.

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

So for my questions -- yes. So for my question, could you please give us an update on the Nasdaq Private
Market? Does and will that impact the private market and change the way you look at this space?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

That's the first time I got that question, good question. So first of all, Nasdaq Private Market continues to
have solid activity this year. It has been lower this year in terms of the overall level of tenders that have
been issued in the private market this year.

But generally speaking, we continue to have a good clientele and a strong service that we offer the private
companies, and they're still taking advantage of managing their liquidity in the private space. But it's been
a little bit -- I would say, it's accelerated a little bit this year just based on, I think, really the volatility and
understanding and the way that people are managing their businesses.

But if you're asking, I think that the broader question is, because of all of the different alternative ways
that companies can now tap into the public market, are they going to continue to stay private longer? And
I think that's a good longer-term question on that we're going to have to see play out.

So our company is going to tap into the public market earlier in their life cycle, which may make it so that
they have less of a demand to do tenders. I don't think we can know the answer to that right now. I think
that we are obviously seeing a lot of growth companies, but still quite mature, quite full on in terms of
their overall ability to tap the public markets.

I mean we're still seeing high valuations and strong performance companies coming into the public
market, both for SPAC and through traditional IPOs, and it's been a very active year. But I also think that
there are just thousands of private companies that will continue to mature in the private space before they
tap the public market.

And so I personally think the Nasdaq Private Market will continue to have a huge opportunity. We're really,
frankly, barely scratching the surface of private company liquidity right now. And so we have a lot more we
can do there. But it's a good question as to whether more companies will come out to the public market
sooner, and I just don't know the answer yet.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

A question for you around market tech again. So understanding the near-term margin dynamics could
sort of fluctuate, but I was hoping you could spend a minute and just kind of walking us through the
framework for margin improvement opportunity here over time. And what I'm really kind of trying to get
at is kind of what's the incremental margin on the ARR piece and sort of the revenue growth that you're
seeing there? What's the incremental margin on some of the on-prem initiatives that you guys have and
really just kind of the incremental margin on the new order intake? I'm not sure if those are the best 3
kind of buckets to tackle, but something along those lines would be helpful.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. I don't know if I'll be able to answer that in detail today. It's something -- but we'll it take back and
try to figure out how we can help with that as we get into Investor Day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

I think that in terms of the margin dynamics, I think what we've been saying all along continues to be
very much the case, which is the more that we can move our clients into a SaaS offering, so whether it's
our market surveillance offering, as we've launched as a SaaS offering this year, and we've seen strong
pickup there. And that -- and our trade surveillance offering has always been Saas.

And those offerings definitely allow us to have a higher overall margin just because the implementation
time is shorter, and it's the recurring revenue stream. And so it's just a different composition of revenue
that delivers a stronger margin for us. Whereas with the on-prem implementation, we obviously manage
to the margin that we think is the right way to go, but we do often do fixed-price contracts there.

So sometimes, if an implementation ends up being longer and more complex, it can make it like -- they
can make it so that we end up having to put more resources to it, and that can have some margin impact
in the short term on the implementation, and that's what's happening this year.

But over time, I think the more we can show that we're -- the new sales we're generating are NFF, which
is a much more flexible platform and SaaS driven and/or because some of the NFF deliveries are still on-
prem, some are in our SaaS as well as our surveillance business is all Saas, the more we can drive to that
higher margin.

And so it's up to us to show you that shift in the order intake and the type of order intake that we're
taking in. And that's something that we want to make sure that we provide more context around at
Investor Day in a few weeks.

Operator

Our next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.

Christopher Meo Harris
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Do you think the paradigm has changed for trading in U.S. equities and options? And really, I guess,
what I'm wondering is whether you think the volumes that we're seeing in these markets are going to be
sustainable. And why, if so?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

I think that there are 2 key factors that are -- that, in our opinion, are taking volumes to a different
level this year. One is just overall volatility and uncertainty, and that always makes it so that you've got
investors who have more different opinions, right?

So when there are investors who have different views on what could happen next and how the economy
is going to progress, you have more volatility because those opinions all get expressed in the market, and
that drives more volume.

But at the same time, we also have a lot more younger retail investors coming into the market as well.
And so I think that has to do with the fact that we do have more engagement around -- from retail
investors, and those retail investors coming into the market also drive volumes up.

Now the question is, are those retail investors a sustainable trend? And I think that as we've been
listening to the online brokers speak about it, and we've been talking to our own clients about it, I
think that there's a view that there is a new wave of investors that have come in on the back of zero
commissions, which takes down the friction in the market and, therefore, increases overall access as well
as the fact that the macro environment has created some really strong investment opportunities for retail
investors.

And I think that, that is a longer-term trend and a healthy one and an exciting one. But I don't think every
one of those retail investors will be here over the long term. But I think we are seeing a secular shift in
getting more younger investors engaged in the market. And I think that could create a more sustainably
higher trading environment than with, let's say, we saw in 2017, '18, '19 kind of time frame.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

But I think that time will tell, but that's our -- I think that's our overall view, just speaking with industry
professionals who really understand the nature of the investors coming in.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kyle Voigt with KBW.

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Just on the listings business. I know you cited the strong IPO market and some switches as well in the
quarter. I guess it's still a little bit surprising that revenues grew by $5 million sequentially, given those
initial listing fees are amortized over several years.

So first part of the question, is there anything else to note that drove the increase there that's more
onetime in nature? Or should this be sustainable? And the second part of the question, you're still priced
below the NYC for certain tiers of the net listings business. Given the strength and the momentum you're
seeing in the business, and I know you probably say it's not necessarily because of low fees because of
the value proposition, just wondering if you see potential for pricing tweaks as you look out over the next
year or so.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Well, one thing just to note is that the amortization of the initial listing fees is really the fees that
get amortized. That amortization schedule did change a bit a few years -- a couple of years ago. So it's a
little shorter than it used to be, but you're right that the initial listing fees do get amortized. And I think,
Michael, is for IPOs, is it still over 2 years or 2 to 3?

Michael Steven Ptasznik
Executive VP of Corporate Strategy & CFO

Yes. It depends. It's 2 to 4 years is the time frame. Yes. But we also did have -- there was some pricing
that was taken at the beginning of the year on the sustaining fees as well, and that's flowing through. It's
been flowing through all the quarters so far this year.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And so I would just say that, first of all, there are no kind of onetime fees that are creating that
increase in the quarter. It is really -- it's just the nature of the strength of new issuance market, coupled
with the strength in our Corporate Solutions business, and those are recurring revenue streams.

So I think that's an important thing to say. But I think that because of the fact that the new issuances
have been high throughout the year, you're starting to see that compounding effect of that as we get
more and more issuers in the market, and then they then start to generate annual listing fees, which will
then create a lift going into 2021. So that's -- the good news is, it is kind of really just coming from the
strength of new issuances. I just want to make sure you know that the amortization schedule is a little
different than it was a few years ago.

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Fair enough. And then just on the potential for pricing tweaks?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Oh, right. Sorry about that. Yes. So we are very prudent in the way that we manage our fees. We're very
proud of the fact that we deliver a really strong value to our clients, and we never want to give our top
clients any reason to even consider an alternative. And feeds do play a role in that. I wouldn't say that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

it's -- you're right. It's not the reason they switched to Nasdaq, but it can be a door opener for them to
consider.

They're paying $500,000 to list on New York, and they're paying $160,000 to list here, and they're
getting, frankly, in our opinion, a far superior service here. Then it allows us to open the door to a
conversation and then work with them on all the other aspects of our value proposition to have them
move over. So I would have to say the fee differential is a catalyst to conversations on switches.

And for IPOs, we think that we offer a fee structure that is a strong reflection of the value that we give to
our clients. And I think it -- so we feel good about how we tier our fees and the max that we charge, and
we'll continue to make pricing changes periodically to reflect the increased investments we're making in
the business. But we don't see a reason, frankly, to make a big change in our fees at the top end.

Operator

We have a follow-up from Alex Kramm with UBS.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

My follow-up was actually just answered on the listings. But very quickly, then maybe on Index and
other numbers question. You gave the, I guess, the trading contribution. Can you also give the AUM
contribution, the exact number for this quarter?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. I know it's -- Michael, you might have it more readily available. But I know in any given quarter, it's
like 60% to 65%.

Michael Steven Ptasznik
Executive VP of Corporate Strategy & CFO

Yes. That's what I have, 60%, 65%. I don't have an idea of the exact number for this quarter, but I think
it's in that range.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

I think it's in that range, Alex. But probably towards the lower end since the futures are at the high end.

Michael Steven Ptasznik
Executive VP of Corporate Strategy & CFO

Right.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. And just to make up the difference is the data. So we should say the Index data, Index AUM and the
futures volumes are the 3 components of the Index business.

Operator

We have a follow-up from Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I couldn't let the call go by without asking about a financial transaction tax.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

Oh, yes.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

So I guess the question is, what are you doing to prepare? Are you having discussions with legislators? I
know certainly, there's been a lot in the press about potentially moving. Is that really possible? So what
are your thoughts on all this debate on the financial transaction -- or a financial transaction tax?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So I think the first thing to say is we're heavily engaged with the New Jersey legislature and the
governor. We also have been receiving inbound calls from governors from other states who certainly would
welcome us as a data center operator or a company that uses data centers in their states as well.

The nice thing about the way that we manage our infrastructure is that we don't actually own any of our
data centers. We work with Equinix as our partner today. And so we do have flexibility. We've moved our
data centers in the past. So we used to operate out of Trumbull, Connecticut, and we moved to Carteret
several years ago. And then also, we used to be in Ashburn, Virginia for our backup, we're now in Chicago.

So we do have experience moving data centers. We've also moved our data centers in Sweden. So we are
familiar with what that takes. And I think that, obviously, in this particular context, it's not just us. We
have to work very, very closely with our clients because our clients are all embedded in our data centers
as well, and they've built infrastructure to support connections between Chicago and New Jersey.

So there is an investment that would need to be made in order for us as an ecosystem to choose to go
to a different state, but it is absolutely feasible to do it. I think that what we've made clear is that we
certainly operate well in New Jersey, and we have a well-established ecosystem here. And if we don't think
there's a risk of a tax, then not something that would obviously be our first choice.

But if we believe that the state could impose a tax just because our data centers have to be located in
their states, and that tax creates friction in the market that's been less on participation from investors,
particularly retail investors, then widen spreads and lowers liquidity, we have to do the responsible thing
and find an environment that doesn't introduce that friction.

And in every other case, as you know, Rich, that transaction taxes have been implemented in other
countries, they've seen really negative effects on liquidity and spread. And so we have a lot of proof points
to say friction matters, taxes create a friction, and it will be -- it will have a negative impact. Right at a
time when given the volatility, we really need to maximize liquidity in the market.

So we are quite serious about it, and we are heavily engaged with New Jersey and other states to
understand the best long-term path for it.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

And just -- I think there is a coalition among the exchanges to sort of represent your position. And I think
Nasdaq is part of, but I haven't heard as much outside about it, I guess.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

It's from other -- I would just say that there's a wide range of participants, market participants and
exchanges involved in understanding the -- and involved in speaking with the legislature on this issue.

Just quickly to get back to Alex Kramm's question. The specific percentage of revenue coming from AUM in
the quarter within our nexuses was 63%.

Michael Steven Ptasznik
Executive VP of Corporate Strategy & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

And just to add to that, Adena, it was about 24% on the Index licensing side -- on the futures licensing
side.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Oh, 24% instead of 21%.

Michael Steven Ptasznik
Executive VP of Corporate Strategy & CFO

Yes.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Thank you. Okay. So Richard, I hope that answers your question.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Sure does.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ken Hill with Loop Capital.

Kenneth William Hill
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

First, I also want to say congrats to Michael and Ann on the transition there. My question is on the Qs
Innovation Suite you guys launched. I know I was just curious from an economic perspective to Nasdaq.
Are the new products being rolled out? Does this have any different pricing or any different economics for
Nasdaq, given maybe like a lower-cost product? I know you're rolling out with the Qs or an alternative
type of product there.

And then I guess just thinking forward, are there any other additional products you might be looking to
slice and dice a little bit differently here within the Index suite?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So on the first point, we don't tend to talk specifically about how we structure fees with each
individual partner. But I would say that we're very comfortable with how we've built this partnership with
Invesco and to make sure that we are getting properly compensated for the value of the indexes. And so
I think we feel comfortable that if clients choose the new products so they choose the current products,
we're very happy with the fee rate that we're getting.

In terms of other new products, that's actually the fun part of the Index team. They're always considering
new strategies and new ways that we can look at both our benchmarks like the Nasdaq-100 and the
biotech as well as more thematic indexes to bring creativity to investors. And so we are constantly working
with our index partners to find new ways to slice and dice it.

So for instance, I think it was Victory, where we also have implemented the Nasdaq Q-50, which is the
next 50 stocks below the Nasdaq-100. So we have kind of different ways that people can choose to
participate in the broader Nasdaq franchise through different partners.

Operator

We have a question from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

Just on the U.S. cash equities market in terms of pricing and revenue capture as we sort of move into the
end of the year. Two dynamics going on there. Obviously, one, we're seeing more volume getting executed
off exchange. I suspect that's a part of the retail dynamic and market maker dynamic. Maybe if you could
just talk about that and whether there's any interest in pricing initiatives to capture more of that share.
And then any sort of thoughts on members exchange? That was -- it seems like that was delayed a little
bit. But in terms of pricing, whether you would be doing any preemptive pricing against that exchange
coming into the fourth quarter?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Okay. So with cash equities pricing, the first thing I would say is, as you all know, it's something that we
work on very dynamically. And we make small changes to pricing almost monthly, actually, within the cash
equities business.

And so I would say that we're always watching that and working with our clients to understand how we
can bring attractive flow into the Nasdaq exchanges. And in terms of the retail, trying to get more of
the retail to come on to exchange from off exchange, you are correct that the retail trend has driven a
higher level of off-exchange volumes. And so those orders are not getting subject to the price discovery
that we have on market. We'd love to get -- capture more of that, but we also reflect on the fact that the
intermediaries have a [ kind of core flow scheme ] that's different than our exchange fee schemes. So we
have to work within the exchange fee structure that we're allowed to operate in, and that will limit our
ability to kind of bring in a lot of that new retail offices that's going off exchange.

But we are always talking to them about on the margins how can we get more of the retail flow to come
straight to the exchange. I think that in terms of MEMX and the way that we're managing that, we are
highly engaged with our clients. We have been now ever since they announced that they were forming
MEMX, and we take every competitor seriously. And to the extent that we see changes in behaviors among
our clients, we will respond to make sure that we are maximizing and optimizing our platform, and we're
having that dialogue all the time. So I wouldn't say that you're going to see dramatic things, but more of
an ongoing effort for us from a pricing perspective to manage to that competitor to the extent they have
early success.

Operator

And there are no other questions in the queue. I'd like to turn the call back to Adena Friedman for any
closing remarks.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Great. Thank you very much. Well, I just want to thank you all, and I do want to again thank Michael
for just an amazing time together. And we've had -- we really are great partners. And he's also done a
spectacular job of preparing Ann to the role. He's sponsored her and mentored her. I've had a chance to
work very closely with Ann over the years. And so I just can't be more excited to say that despite the fact
that we're very sad to see Michael leave, we're excited for him and his next step. And we are just thrilled
that we have such a strong internal candidate to come in and take the role of CFO.

And of course, you'll get to see Michael a lot over the next few months, including at our Investor Day,
which is on November 10. And we hope that you all join us either virtually or in person, and we look
forward to that.

So thank you all very much and have a great day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

NASDAQ, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 21, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

