Nasdaq, Inc. NasdaqGS:NDAQ
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, April 21, 2021 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.74

1.96

Revenue  (mm)

815.51

851.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-20-2021 5:19 AM GMT

12.64

4.35

1.62

6.59

6.97

787.90

3216.59

3330.07

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.44

1.45

1.45

1.74

1.54

1.53

1.60

1.96

6.94 %

5.52 %

10.34 %

12.64 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Ann M. Dennison
Executive VP & CFO

Edward Ditmire
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Arinash Ghosh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Securities, Research Division

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Christopher Meo Harris
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Simon Alistair Vaughan Clinch
Atlantic Equities LLP, Research
Division

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Kenneth Brooks Worthington
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Kenneth William Hill
Loop Capital Markets LLC,
Research Division

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Nasdaq First Quarter 2021 Results. [Operator
Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Ed Ditmire, Head of Investor
Relations. Please go ahead.

Edward Ditmire
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Nasdaq's First Quarter 2021
Financial Results. On the line are Adena Friedman, our CEO; Ann Dennison, our CFO; John Zecca, our
Chief Legal and Regulatory Officer; and other members of the management team. After prepared remarks,
we'll open up to Q&A.

The press release and presentation are on our website. We intend to use the website as a means of
disclosing material, nonpublic information and complying with disclosure obligations under SEC Regulation
FD.

I'd like to remind you that certain statements in this presentation and during Q&A may relate to future
events and expectations and as such, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from these
projections. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from forward-looking
statements is contained in our press release and periodic reports filed with the SEC.

I will now turn the call over to Adena.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. My remarks today will focus on
Nasdaq's first quarter 2021 financial and business performance as well as the progress we have made
executing on our strategy.

I would like to begin by acknowledging how deeply proud I am of the Nasdaq team's continued
commitment to our clients during this period. A full year has now passed since our global workforce
began working remotely, and I could not be more pleased with the first quarter results that our team has
delivered to our stakeholders today.

Our relentless client focus and Nasdaq's nimbleness allowed us to generate strong financial results for the
first quarter of 2021. We also made important progress against our corporate strategy during the quarter
with the completion of our acquisition of Verafin in February and the announced agreement to sell our U.S.
Fixed Income business to Tradeweb Markets.

Our performance during this period continues to underscore the resilience of Nasdaq's diversified product
office offering and business model as well as our ability to address the needs of our clients in a rapidly
changing environment.

Now I will turn to our strong financial results for the first quarter of 2021. Nasdaq delivered net revenues
of $851 million, an increase of $150 million or 21% from the prior year period, driven by 17% organic
growth in our Solutions segment businesses and 17% organic growth in our Market Services business. The
acquisition of Verafin and the changes in FX rates drove the remainder of the growth of the business in the
quarter.

Across our exchange businesses, the incredibly dynamic capital markets environment during the period,
combined with our strong competitive positioning, resulted in record U.S. equity and options volumes in

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

a record quarter for new listings. I'm also extremely proud of the progress we've made to continue to
grow our annualized recurring revenue, or ARR, which is up 21% compared to the prior year period. This
was driven by our continued focus on key secular growth opportunities that are powering our Solutions
segments. We are seeing rising demand across our clientele for our solutions, including from institutional
investors for analytics and workflow tools, from corporate clients for our ESG and IR solutions and from
financial institutions and marketplaces for technology that helps reduce financial crime. Our ARR growth
was also boosted by the acquisition of Verafin.

The strong operating leverage of our model was evident in the results. Our non-GAAP operating margins
increased to 54%, up 2 percentage points compared to the prior year. As a result, we experienced 25%
increase in our non-GAAP operating income and a 31% increase in our non-GAAP diluted earnings per
share in the period.

Turning now to the specific highlights from the quarter. I will begin with our foundational marketplace and
corporate businesses. Our Market Services segment saw net revenues of $338 million, a 20% increase
from the prior year period and a new quarterly revenue record for this business. This is primarily led by
higher U.S. options and cash equities trading volumes. We're also seeing an increase in demand for trade
management services connectivity solutions as clients adjust their capacity for a wider range of volume
scenarios.

Nasdaq's U.S. options market set a quarterly record of 892 million contracts traded during the period, an
increase of 57%, while our U.S. equities market set a quarterly record of 153 million (sic) [ 153 billion ]
shares traded, an increase of 20% year-over-year.

Additionally, during the period, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell our U.S. Fixed Income
business, NFI, to an affiliate of Tradeweb Markets. The decision to sell NFI aligns with our strategy to
maximize our potential as a major technology and analytics provider to the global capital markets. We
expect the transaction to close later in 2021, subject to customary closing conditions.

Next, our Corporate Platform segment delivered revenues of $155 million, a 21% increase, with robust
contributions across each of the product areas in that business. The business is boosted by record levels
of new listing activity, material contribution from Nasdaq Private Market following a record first quarter
for private company transactions and increased demand for our Investor Relations Intelligence and ESG
solutions.

In our IR and ESG services business, we are seeing consistent and growing demand for our expanded
suite of products, which has been carefully designed to help our clients measure, analyze, collaborate and
take positive action regarding their respective investor relations, governance and sustainability programs.
For example, in our IR Intelligence unit, we saw 6 new client wins from our new, expanded ESG advisory
offering, a more in-depth solution that has lengthened and deepened our engagement with executive
leadership teams as they seek to meet the demand from institutional investors and other stakeholders
for greater clarity on their ESG strategies. And we are seeing the deeper client engagement results and
continued sales momentum for our consultative IR advisory service and our Nasdaq IR Insight workflow
solution, which saw a combined 36% increase in sales during the quarter.

In our listing segment, Nasdaq led U.S. exchanges for IPOs during the period, welcoming 275 IPOs
that raised $74.4 billion, including 79 operating company IPOs and 196 SPAC IPOs. The Nasdaq stock
market led U.S. exchanges with a 69% total win rate on IPOs, including a 77% win rate among operating
companies and a 66% win rate among SPACs. Listing highlights from the first quarter include the IPOs
of Bumble, Qualtrics, Affirm, Playtika and Petco. During the quarter, Nasdaq listed 7 of the top 10 largest
IPOs by capital raised.

Companies have responded positively to our virtual IPO experience during the pandemic period, and we
are excited and encouraged to see our iconic bell ceremony and IPO day experience come to life again
in Times Square and in cities across the country through our unique remote bell ceremony. Highlights
include going on the road during the quarter to Bumble in Texas and to Qualtrics in Utah. We look forward
to welcoming our clients and capital markets partners safely to the Nasdaq MarketSite for these milestone
celebrations as we start to prepare for a post-pandemic period.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Of course, I also want to acknowledge the strong start to the second quarter in listings with -- in
particular, noting Nasdaq's successful direct listing of Coinbase, a global leader in infrastructure and
technology for the crypto economy. The Coinbase listing represents the largest direct listing in history and
was the largest ever initial public listing opening cross on Nasdaq.

Now let me turn to our Market Technology and Investment Intelligence businesses. Our Market Technology
segment delivered $100 million in revenues, including a partial period contribution from the Verafin
acquisition, which we completed in February. Our annualized recurring revenue for the quarter was $416
million, a 62% increase year-over-year, including a 10% increase from our existing business and an
additional $134 million representing the annualized total of Verafin's first quarter subscription revenues
irrespective of the closing date or the temporary impact of the write-down of deferred revenues.

To give you more transparency in how different parts of Market Technology are operating and progressing
going forward, we have started to report our revenues from this segment of our business in 2 groups. The
first is called marketplace infrastructure technology, which will comprise our solutions for the full trade life
cycle to market infrastructure operators, banks and brokers and nonfinancial market operators. And the
second is called anti-financial crime technology, our offerings providing surveillance, risk management and
Verafin's anti-money laundering and fraud detection solutions.

As we stated in previous investor calls, there are certain areas of our Market Technology business that
have been adversely impacted by the pandemic-related factors, largely in the marketplace infrastructure
technology business. And while the environment continues to be characterized by the logistical challenges
to implementations and lengthened sales cycles, the actions we took last year to respond to those
dynamics are resulting in stabilized but moderated revenue growth in the near term, albeit with short-
term impact to segment profitability.

More importantly, our longer-term vision for Market Technology remains on track as demonstrated by the
progress we've been delivering in new sales and revenues from SaaS products and services, in particular,
our anti-financial crime technology solutions. Excluding the impact of Verafin, SaaS revenues within all of
Market Technology increased 15% year-over-year.

Turning to our Investment Intelligence segment. We delivered net revenues of $258 million, up $47 million
or 22% from the prior year period. Overall, assets under management in ETP's benchmark to Nasdaq's
indexes totaled $385 billion at the end of the quarter, an increase of 87% from the prior year period and
a new quarterly record. Additionally, trading of futures and options on futures contracts tracking Nasdaq
indexes increased 31% year-over-year.

I'm also pleased to see increasing adoption of some of our recent product innovations. In particular, AUM
and the Invesco QQQ Innovation Suite built on their strong debut in the fourth quarter of 2020 and now
stands at approximately $2 billion in AUM in just 5 months after launch, making this one of the most
successful new launches for Nasdaq's index business.

Our analytics business delivered revenues of $48 million, an increase of $7 million or 17% from the prior
year period. Led by eVestment and Solovis, this business experienced strong -- increased growth in the
first quarter due to improvement in both new users and retention compared to the prior year period.

On a sequential basis, new sales were up 23% from the fourth quarter of 2020, reflecting both a
rebound in institutional investment industry demand following some temporary contraction in 2020
as well as increased realizations of the synergies between eVestment and Solovis as the combination
helped drive 28 new accounts to Solovis in the first quarter. These results underscore our strategy to
create comprehensive workflow solutions for investment managers and institutional asset owners from
precommitment diligence to postcommitment portfolio tracking and secondary trades. Lastly, within
Investment Intelligence, our market data revenues rose 11%, driven primarily by expanding international
demand for our proprietary data products.

As I wrap up, I would like to reiterate that Nasdaq remains diligently focused on serving the unique needs
of our clients while we advance our strategic mission to capitalize on the opportunities that lie ahead of
us. At our Investor Day in November, we articulated that our diversified business model was designed

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

to provide us with the resiliency to drive disciplined growth across a variety of backdrops. Our recent
success, especially in the first quarter, underscores the power of the Nasdaq platform and highlights that
the strategy underpinning our repositioned franchise is resonating with our clients as we continue to
reallocate capital to higher-growth opportunities while maintaining leadership in our marketplace core.
This focus has also resulted in many new instances of dynamic collaboration across our businesses, be it
new product innovations or bringing advanced technology solutions to help our clients solve major industry
challenges.

For example, in our anti-financial crime technology segment, we're very excited about the work that we
can do together with Verafin. This includes the potential for new client opportunities given our strong
relationships with Tier 1 and Tier 2 banks as the Verafin team continues to build out their solutions
to increase confidence in the global financial system. Additionally, we are pleased to support their
international expansion, especially into Europe where Verafin has just landed its first client.

Another great example is the intersection of our listings and index businesses. Listing the next generation
of innovators, including many of the largest IPOs that have come to Nasdaq in the recent years, creates
strong synergies to drive new product development in collaboration with our index business. For example,
The strength and success of our flagship Nasdaq 100 Index and our partnership with Invesco laid the
groundwork for a recent launch of the Invesco Innovation Suite, including the Invesco NASDAQ Next
Generation 100 ETF. Comprised of the 101st to the 200th largest nonfinancial companies listed on Nasdaq,
the NASDAQ Next Gen 100 index has been one of the fastest-growing ETFs that we've ever launched with
a partner and includes companies such as Etsy and Roku as well as many of the fastest-growing enterprise
technology and health care companies listed on our market.

As I look back at this quarter, I could not be prouder of the performance across the business. We officially
celebrated Nasdaq's 50th anniversary in February. And given our rich history as a technology pioneer, I
remain confident that we are moving Nasdaq in the right direction for many years to come.

And with that, I will turn it over to Ann to review our financial results in greater detail.

Ann M. Dennison
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Adena, and good morning, everyone. My commentary will primarily focus on our non-GAAP
results, and all comparisons will be to the prior year period, unless otherwise noted. Reconciliations of
U.S. GAAP to non-GAAP results can be found in our press release as well as in a file located in the financial
section of our Investor Relations website at ir.nasdaq.com.

I will start by reviewing first quarter revenue performance as shown on Page 3 of the presentation and
organic revenue growth on Pages 4 and 14. The $150 million increase in reported net revenue of $851
million is the net result of: organic growth of $118 million, including 17% organic increase in both Market
Services and Solutions segment; a $14 million positive impact from acquisitions; and an $18 million
impact from changes in FX rates.

I will now review quarterly highlights within each of our reporting segments. I'll start with Investment
Intelligence revenue, which increased $47 million or 22%. Organic revenue growth during the period
was 20%, reflecting very strong growth in our index business as well as strong contributions from both
the market data and analytics businesses. Annualized recurring revenue, or ARR, was $542 million and
increased 13% compared to the prior year period. AUM and ETPs licensed to Nasdaq indices rose 87%
year-over-year to $385 billion, including a 25% increase from net inflows and a 62% increase from
changes in market impact. On Page 19 of the presentation, you'll find our new disclosure on net flow
contribution to the year-over-year change in AUM. The segment operating margin of 65% increased 1
percentage point compared to the prior year period.

Market Technology revenue increased $19 million or 23%. The increase reflects organic revenue growth of
$3 million or 4%, $12 million from the acquisition of Verafin, which closed mid-quarter, and a $4 impact
million from the changes in FX rates. Excluding a temporary $7 million purchase price adjustment on
deferred revenue associated with the closing of the Verafin transaction, Verafin revenues would have

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

totaled $19 million for the partial quarter period following the February 11, 2021, close. On Slide 10, we
show the runoff of the remaining $23 million purchase price adjustment on Verafin's deferred revenue.

The $3 million organic increase in Market Tech was driven primarily by higher SaaS-based anti-financial
crime technology revenues, in particular, from our market and trade surveillance products. ARR for Market
Technology was $416 million in the first quarter of 2021, an increase of 62% compared to the prior year
period, largely due to the Verafin acquisition. Excluding Verafin, Market Technology ARR increased 10% in
the period.

In addition to the new Market Technology reporting Adena mentioned earlier, we are supplementing
this with another revenue breakdown disclosing the recurring subscription SaaS and support licensing
revenues as well as the nonrecurring professional services contributions to help investors and analysts
track our progress as we continue to expand the SaaS contribution across both our market infrastructure
technology and anti-financial crime technology businesses. The segment operating margin was a negative
2%, but would have been a positive 5% when excluding the noncash purchase price adjustment related
to Verafin deferred revenue. The 5% margin is not a level that we believe reflects the potential of the
business, and we continue to feel optimistic about our ambition for a margin that supports Market
Technology being a rule of 40 business in 2023 and beyond.

While the impact of the Verafin purchase price adjustment on deferred revenue is temporary and will be
eliminated over the next 4 quarters, on a core basis, 2 main factors will drive our margin expansion over
the coming years. First, our mix of SaaS subscription revenues within Market Technology is increasing
significantly. Looking ahead, we expect it to continue to grow as we execute our strategy. This is critical
because our SaaS businesses have approximately 2 to 3x the average contribution margin of the on-
premise solutions.

Second, we accelerated hiring in certain areas of our Market Technology business in recent quarters and
on a temporary basis, allocated more of our existing resources to relatively low-margin installation work,
in particular, in the most complex on-premise clearing solutions. We expect the margin impact to gradually
diminish over the coming years.

Corporate Platform revenues increased $27 million or 21%. Organic revenue growth totaled $24 million
or 19%, and there was a $3 million impact from changes in FX rates. The organic revenue increase was
primarily driven by higher U.S. listings revenues due to an increase in IPOs and higher Nasdaq Private
Market revenues, together with an increase in both IR and ESG advisory services revenue.

Nasdaq Private Market revenues were about $6 million to $7 million higher than the average quarterly
run rate of 2020. And while this business has averaged an over 40% CAGR in the last 3 years, we would
expect to see at least $5 million in sequential decline in 2Q '21 from NPM's particularly strong first quarter.

Corporate Platform's ARR was $487 million and increased 12% compared to the prior year period. The
segment operating margin of 42% increased 7 percentage points compared to the prior year period
and was driven by both the unusually strong activity on the Nasdaq Private Market as well as from the
substantial increase in the listed issuer base.

Market Services net revenues increased $57 million or 20%. The organic revenue increase was $48
million or 17%, and there was a $9 million impact from changes in FX rates. The organic increase during
the period primarily reflects increases in cash equities and equity derivative net revenues due to higher
industry trading volumes and an increase in trade management services revenues. The segment operating
margin of 67% increased 4 percentage points from the prior year period, reflecting strong operating
leverage on record trading revenues.

Turning to Pages 9 and 14 to review expenses. Non-GAAP operating expenses increased $57 million to
$393 million. The increase reflects a $24 million or 7% organic increase, an $18 million increase from the
impact of acquisitions and a $15 million increase from the impact of changes in FX rates.

The organic growth in expenses reflects the sum of: one, relatively consistent low single-digit percentage
increase related to hiring and wage inflation; two, higher compensation expense as variable performance-
linked compensation increased, reflecting the company's outstanding growth; and three, costs related to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

what has been an incredibly active capital markets backdrop. For example, costs related to increasing our
trading capacity as well as marketing commitments supporting the extraordinary number of IPO wins in
recent periods.

Turning to Slide 10. We are narrowing our 2021 non-GAAP operating expense guidance to a range of $1.57
billion to $1.62 billion to reflect strong and broad-based organic revenue growth in the first quarter and
the impact that growth has on variable expenses like performance-based compensation and marketing
commitments. As we look forward to the remainder of the year, overall, if performance continues to be
strong, we would expect to come in at the high end of the expense guidance range. In addition, we expect
the year-over-year organic growth in expenses to be elevated, particularly in 2Q '21 compared to 2Q '20
as the prior year period had a significant reduction in travel and other in-office activity due to the onset of
the pandemic as well as lower new listing activity and less performance-based compensation due to the
uncertain financial environment in 2Q '20.

Moving to operating profit and margins. Non-GAAP operating income increased $93 million in the first
quarter of 2021. Our non-GAAP operating margin of 54% increased 2 percentage points year-over-year.
Net interest expense was $28 million in the first quarter of 2021, an increase of $4 million compared
to the prior year period due to incremental interest expense related to the financing of the Verafin
acquisition. Consistent with our reporting practice, interest expense related to acquisition financing that
was incurred prior to the mid-quarter close of the transaction was excluded from non-GAAP results for
this quarter. And therefore, an incremental $3 million to $4 million Verafin-related interest expense will be
reflected in the second quarter results.

The non-GAAP effective tax rate was 24% for the first quarter of 2021, which includes a benefit related to
the vesting of certain equity awards. For the full year 2021, we still expect our non-GAAP effective tax rate
to be in the range of 25% to 27%. And barring any changes in the corporate tax landscape, we expect to
come in near the bottom end of the range for the year. Non-GAAP net income attributable to Nasdaq for
the first quarter of 2021 was $327 million or $1.96 per diluted share compared to $251 million or $1.50
per diluted share in the prior year period.

Turning to Slide 11. Debt increased by $349 million versus 4Q '20 primarily due to net issuances of $435
million of commercial paper used to fund a portion of the Verafin acquisition, partially offset by an $87
million decrease in the book values of our Eurobonds caused by changes in FX rates. Our total debt-to-
EBITDA ratio ended the period at 3.4x, a decrease from 3.5x in the fourth quarter of 2020.

During the first quarter of 2021, the company paid common stock dividends in the aggregate of $81
million and repurchased common stock in the amount of $162 million. Today, we're announcing a 10%
increase in the regular quarterly dividend to $0.54 per share. Additionally, during the first quarter, the
Board of Directors authorized an increase to the share repurchase program of an additional $1 billion,
subject to the closing of the sale of our U.S. Fixed Income business and acceleration of the issuance of
Nasdaq common stock related to the sale.

As previously communicated, we intend to use the proceeds from the sale as well as available tax benefits,
working and clearing capital of the business and other sources to repurchase shares in order to offset
EPS dilution. We continue to expect the sale to be temporarily 2% dilutive to non-GAAP EPS in the 12-
month period following the close, and we see immaterial dilution in periods thereafter. Overall, the actions
taken during the first quarter support Nasdaq's accelerated evolution and allow the company to further
concentrate its resources on technology, analytics and ESG opportunities.
Thank you for your time, and I'll turn it back over to the operator for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Yes. And I guess congrats on the strong quarter, unique operating conditions. So my question has to
do -- is broad. It has to do with the growth rates that we're experiencing. If you look at the overall
growth rate, if you look at Corporate Platforms and Investment Intelligence, you're running 3 to 4x of the
guidance rate. And given you still got probably the comparison of another quarter or 2 of relatively stable
comparisons, so when do you look at adjusted, I guess? And a lot of this is recurring revenues as you've
highlighted. So when do you look at adjusting it or the conservatism of the organic growth rate guidance?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Well, thank you. Well, I would say that we are -- we only changed our outlook for our growth rates, or
what I would say medium- to long-term revenue growth rates about 2 quarters ago. So I'd say that, Rich,
we're still -- we still believe that those are the appropriate way -- the appropriate growth rates, at least
based on kind of a 3- to 5-year time horizon.

But having said that, I do agree with you that we are performing well ahead of our outlook, and we're
obviously extremely pleased with our performance. I think that as we continue to gain more traction
across our platforms, and particularly in the Solutions segments, we certainly can look to make those
adjustments. But we're sticking with the outlook at this point.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. And they're going to be increased by Verafin as well, I guess, that's -- allows that much.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

And we did actually make some adjustments to that when we announced the Verafin acquisition. So we
did make those adjustments as part of that announcement.

Richard Henry Repetto
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. Congrats on the strong quarter.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Yes, really appreciate it.

Operator

Our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

My question is on the Market Tech segment. I know you might have said this, but what was the Verafin
contribution of the revenues in the quarter? And then as we look ahead, as you talk about the margin

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

and reiterating the long-term outlook for the margin, could you help us in the short term as we -- you
mentioned increased costs plus the backdrop from a revenue environment.

So are we looking at -- what are we looking forward to see this margin march higher? Is it kind of the
normalization of expenses plus the revenue? Or could we just see margins expand without -- based on
where things sit in kind of the normal progression of the ARR and other portions of the business?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Ann?

Ann M. Dennison
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So on your first question about Verafin's contribution, so within the numbers for the partial quarter,
we had $12 million of revenues related to Verafin. And so if -- and that included $7 million worth of
deferred revenue write-down. So on a gross basis, it was $19 million for the partial quarter, which we
closed the deal on Feb 11.

On your -- related to your question on Market Tech margins, as we look forward to 2023 and our
ambitions of achieving the rule of 40 for the overall Market Tech, we think the primary way we're going to
get there is through revenue growth. Part of that will be bringing Verafin on board.

And then the other 2 things I'd point to is we should look to -- we're going to continue to expand our SaaS
offerings. We talked about the growth in our SaaS business and the fact that our SaaS businesses come at
higher contribution margins. So as we continue to expand there, we'll see an impact on the margins.

And then the last thing that I'd mention is just that we do have some incremental costs now to deliver on
some of our larger, more complex projects. We've added costs, and we expect them to gradually decline
over time.

So when you put those 3 things together, we expect to achieve that rule of 40 in 2023. And I think I'll just
bring it back, it's just important to note that we are confident in the prospects of this business and our
ability to be successful here.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

On the Listings business, can you just describe a little bit more what happened in the first quarter? I know
you dimensionalized the private market impact, I think, $7 million. But even without that, it was still a
very, very strong quarter on a sequential basis. And I know you highlighted SPACs in particular. And I
know it was a very strong SPAC quarter. But usually, the initial listing fees get amortized over many years.

So just wondering, is the accounting difference on SPAC listings or anything that you could point out to
kind of bridge the gap? And how sustainable that should be going forward given that some of the SPAC
enthusiasm seems to be waning a little bit?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks, Alex. Well, I think that really when you look at the revenue performance in the listings
business, it is on the back of 3 very strong years of new listings, which, of course, gets us to a new
annualized recurring rate of listing revenue. We had over, I guess, in 2019, we had 189 IPOs. In 2020, we
had over, I think, 314 IPOs. And then this year already, we've had 275 IPOs.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

You are right though. With the SPAC listings, it's a little different. They -- first of all, they tend to come in
at the capital market because they want to pay the lowest possible fees. So contributions from SPAC, if
we look at kind of overall SPAC annual listing revenue, is only about 5% of our total listing revenues. So it
is -- it's not a huge contributor. And of course, when they do combine with companies, then we have the
opportunity to bring that company into Nasdaq as an operating company, and that tends to accrue to a
higher fee rate.

So there's a lot of opportunity from the SPACs as they make those combinations to increase our revenue
contribution. But it also is a pretty limited risk in terms of if the SPACs are not able to find operating
companies they want to combine with.

But generally speaking, Alex, it's just -- I think it's kind of the compounding effect of multiple years where
we've been winning the majority of IPOs and frankly, the vast majority of operating company IPOs. And
it's just been a favorable environment for us to be able to bring a lot of new companies to market. So I
think it's a combination of all those things.

And I should mention also, we had 32 new listings in the Nordics in the first quarter as well. And so that's
really bucking the trend in Europe. And we continue to see a lot of strength in our Nordic business as well.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ari Ghosh with Credit Suisse.

Arinash Ghosh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

So Adena or Ann, back on market debt. So just looking at the anti-fin crime bucket, including the core
Verafin contribution that you called out, that looks stronger than what we expected, just looking at that
$46 million bucket for the quarter. Can you talk about either lumpiness or seasonal factors driving that
during the quarter? If there's anything that we should be thinking about or even as we think about the
rest of the year?

And related to that, you've noted that you continue to see a little bit of pressure within the Market Tech
basket as a result of the pandemic. That hasn't entirely gone away. So just any color as to -- if I think
about the legacy business ex Verafin, thinking about the 8% to 11% organic growth rate, if you think
about 2021, is that still a feasible and reasonable kind of growth rate? Again, I know it's more of a
medium-term rate. But if we think about 2021, when we think about the legacy business, is that 8%, 11-
ish percent still an achievable rate given some of the headwinds and pressures that you're seeing in the
business?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Great. Sure. Yes. On the anti-financial crime side, it is largely a SaaS-oriented business. There are -- so
we think about -- what we put into the anti-financial crime subsegment are the surveillance solutions to
markets. Some of those are still on-prem, but they are long-term license revenues, not a lot of project-
related costs because that's a pretty -- a more standardized service.

Then you have the SaaS business related to the surveillance for our trading firms, and it's all SaaS. And
then you have the risk management solutions to both markets and broker-dealers. And there, that has
both a combination of on-prem and SaaS solutions. And then lastly, you have Verafin, which is entirely a
SaaS business with very low professional fees.

So generally speaking, it's -- what you're seeing in the quarter is a relatively recurring element of kind of
what the potential of the business is. As I mentioned before, we did have 10% growth in our anti-financial
crime business, absent Verafin. So we continue to see really strong demand for all of those solutions.

I think that in terms of the overall growth rate for Market Tech absent Verafin, as we mentioned,
the market infrastructure technology part of the business has been more materially impacted by the
pandemic. And we are still in a pandemic. So we're still not able to go visit clients. These are generally

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

and oftentimes, particularly for new clients, these are large-scale decisions that they're making to have
us partner with them to build and support them in their core business technologies. So they tend to be
sales cycles that result from relationships, and it's harder to establish and manage those relationships if
we can't visit our clients. So that is still the case because of the pandemic.

However, having said that, our existing clients, they really spent last year focusing on managing the
very high-volume environment and a pretty dynamic capital markets environment as well. As they come
into 2021, we are having more constructive conversations with them around thinking longer term again,
thinking about how they want to continue to advance their technology.

So we're certainly seeing encouraging signs of working with our clients. But as I said in my comments, we
would expect that the short-term growth rates on that part of the business would be -- will be moderated.
And -- but over time, we're not changing our medium- to long-term outlook on the overall business
because we have confidence it will recover.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mike Carrier with Bank of America.

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Securities, Research Division

Adena, the organic growth has been great, and some areas have benefited here from the favorable market
backdrop that you mentioned for areas like index and listings. But as that moderates when we get past
COVID, can you highlight some of the areas maybe that have been negatively impacted by COVID?
Because you've -- over the last couple of quarters, you've talked about tech that could have potential
upside like to a more normal level and maybe offset some of those areas that eventually normalize at
some point.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Yes, sure. Thanks, Mike. So I think that the -- there are 2 areas we've been highlighting: That I think
you're starting to see more of a recovery already in eVestment. But eVestment certainly in 2020 had more
of an impact. And I would say eVestment and Solovis, I should say together. The investment management
community and the asset owners were also dealing with a lot of change, a very dynamic environment.
They weren't sure whether this is going to be a sustainable market trend. And so they were -- they really
pulled back on buying decisions around any sort of analytical tools.

So -- but what we're seeing, as we've mentioned in the first quarter, is that we maintain those
conversations and relationships. We definitely -- I think through our all-in pricing model that we've shifted
to in 2019 really helped us actually retain a lot of clients in 2020.

And therefore, now going into 2021, we're seeing that investment managers and asset owners are back
in the market to really find ways to, frankly, manage these very dynamic portfolios. So -- and we've also
done more to create a more all-in solution, particularly for asset owners across Solovis and eVestment. So
we're seeing a lot of nice upswing now coming into 2021 off the back of a pretty impacted 2020.

I think Market Tech, as we've mentioned, particularly the market infrastructure technology is the other
area that's been impacted. And then across the rest of it, I would say that it's -- and actually, I would say
somewhat in the governance area on the governance platform solutions. We -- it's harder. We do a lot of
work there. But again, I think a lot of corporates were dealing with downturns, were dealing with a lot of
challenges. And so it was a harder sales environment for that team as well last year, and we're starting to
see some recovery there as well. But that would be another area where we hope that we would have some
more pickup in 2021 and beyond.

Operator

Our next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Christopher Meo Harris
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. Can you update us on how you're feeling about Verafin's backlog and outlook now that the
acquisition has closed? And I believe this was a business that was growing around 30% prior to the
acquisition. And is that kind of like a good bogey to be thinking about going forward?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

I can say that they ended 2020 very much on plan, and they've started 2021 very much on plan. So
we're very pleased. I mean the business, it's a great business, but it's also just a great team, and they're
extremely focused. And I think that they're focused on the right path forward. So they're very much on
plan with what we talked about when we announced the acquisition.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Great. Great. Maybe also just on Verafin, another one just in terms of that revenue contribution run rate,
I think you said a $19 million pro forma with the revenue recognition. So given that closed early to mid-
February, should we be thinking about a core revenue number around that $35 million area for the second
quarter? Just trying to gauge sort of the volatility or stability of that revenue stream.

And then, Adena, if you could talk about maybe the thoughts around revenue synergies with being able
to introduce the Verafin product and team to the Tier 1 and Tier 2 banks. I know that's a long time frame
that will evolve over time. But maybe just some thoughts about how you think that might progress and
add to the Verafin revenue base.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Go ahead, Ann.

Ann M. Dennison
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So I'll start on your first question, Brian. The -- you should think about Verafin -- as we shared as
part of closing the transaction and announcing transaction, an estimate of about $140 million in gross
revenues before the purchase price adjustment. So we've provided the details on how the purchase price
adjustment is going to play out over the year. If you take that $140 million and back out the purchase
price adjustment and then apply a proration based on a February 11 close date, that's how you can think
about what our expectations are at this point.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

For 2021.

Ann M. Dennison
Executive VP & CFO

For 2021, I'm sorry.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

For '21? Yes. Okay.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Okay. With regard to the longer term, we -- I have to say that we've already gotten off to a really, really
great start in working with them and collaborating with them on client introductions and understanding
where they want to focus their sales activities. But they also are really, really focused on continuing to
invest in R&D, invest in the business so that we can really become the preeminent anti-financial crime
technology provider to banks of all sizes, right, so the largest banks and the smallest banks.

As we mentioned when we announced the deal and at closing, we do -- we will be working with them to
support their investments and certain things that certain technology capabilities that we have that we
think that can be additive to their capabilities. That can really make it so that as we go into the Tier 1 and
Tier 2 banks, we have just a fantastic solution for them.

But that is, as you mentioned, a multiyear strategy. And -- but we are -- we've gotten a lot of inbound
demand from our Tier 1 and Tier 2 banks to understand what the solution is and how it works. We are
actually able to go in with some point solution sales into -- particularly Tier 2 banks that we think that are
going to be relevant and allow us to land and expand.

And then we had -- or I should say Verafin had their first clients sign up for -- to help them with fraud
detection in a European bank. So we're pretty excited about the fact that even just right on the heels of
the acquisition, we're already seeing opportunities there. So we see a lot of good opportunities for us to
collaborate with them that will support their growth rate over the longer term.

Operator

Our next question comes from Simon Clinch with Atlantic Equities.

Simon Alistair Vaughan Clinch
Atlantic Equities LLP, Research Division

I wanted to carry on with the topic of Verafin here. Just -- because I think you've mentioned before that
you fully expect at some point to be able to accelerate the revenue growth as you penetrated Tier 1 to
2. But I understood that that's is a case of getting the product right for each particular market. And I'm
interested that you just mentioned that you -- like Verafin have signed their first European bank because
I thought that it wasn't long ago where you were still trying to sort of tweak that product for the right
market. So -- but could you give us a sense of where you are in terms of the product readiness for Tier 1
and Tier 2 as it stands today?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think that they certainly have seen really nice demand pickup in the, what I would say, $50 billion-
plus in assets kind of banks. That they continue to penetrate that sector quite successfully. And they have
an all-in full solution that really supports kind of a full platform for those banks.

As they've been going in and starting to engage with $100-billion-and-plus type of banks and really the
large -- the very large banks, they are finding opportunities to come in with a specific solution like a part
of their offering. And that -- they do have -- part of their offerings are quite relevant to the needs of those
banks in terms of what I would call more of like a point solutions approach.

But what we want to be able to do is become that all-in platform partner to these banks over time. So
there may be some shorter-term opportunities like we have with the European company to have a nice,
specific sale of a specific capability now that we're very, very good at. But then over time, I think that the
real revenue opportunity will come if we can really build that out to become more of a holistic platform
partner.

So I just want you to know, it's obviously very early days. There's a lot of enthusiasm, a great sense of
partnership and the ability for us to open doors. But it will be -- it will take time for us to get the solution

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

and investment that we want to make in the business so that we can get that solution to become the
preeminent platform across the entire industry.

Simon Alistair Vaughan Clinch
Atlantic Equities LLP, Research Division

Great. And just following on from that, could you walk us through sort of what the competitive
environment looks like in that sort of fraud detection and anti-financial crime space? It seems very
fragmented to me. But I'm kind of curious, are you just competing with really inefficient internal systems
predominantly at the banks? Or are there actually other sort of legacy providers that you need to displace?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

It's a combination of things. It is quite -- it is actually quite a fragmented market. It's also a huge market
opportunity, right? So you're talking about $12 billion of potential TAM. I think that we're positioned to be
able to serve at least $6 billion to $8 billion of that TAM. So it's a huge market opportunity. It's a huge and
growing problem.

So I kind of equate it in some respects -- well, first of all, I think that there will be certain platforms that
kind of emerge as the ones that the banks rely upon for all of their core work. And then there'll be point
solutions and other innovations that come in on top of that, that we should be in a position either to
acquire or integrate or partner with to make it so that we can continue to manage the dynamic needs of
our clients.

So I think that is the case. But there are some incumbents. And I would say, many are on-prem solutions
that are not nearly as nimble or flexible, which is what I think Verafin has been very successful at
displacing over -- in recent years as well as a lot of internal build, particularly for the larger banks, the
internal build. And then at the very smallest end, there are a lot of small point solutions providers that
Verafin also competes very successfully against.

And they've done a nice job of working with a lot of the more core banking platform providers to integrate
Verafin into those platforms. So that as a client is taking one of these core platforms, the banking
platforms, they know that they have the benefit of Verafin as part of that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.

Kenneth Brooks Worthington
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

We've seen a steady increase in equity trading in dark markets and off exchange. Does moving volume
back on exchange rank in your priorities when communicating with the new leadership at the SEC? And if
so, what tools and approaches do you think make the most sense for regulators to consider should moving
trading from the dark markets to the lit emerge as a top priority for them?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Great. We're excited to have Gary Gensler come into the role of Chairman. I think that it's great to have
a leader within the SEC that really understands markets and market structure. So he is certainly a market
structure expert.

In terms of the priorities, I think on the back of some of the retail trading trends and the hearings that
happened in Washington, I do believe this will be a focus area for the SEC. And they're already working
on a kind of a white paper, a thought piece around it to go out and get comments and input from the
industry.

When it comes to -- part of that is a discussion of the dark trading. Because when you look at the
composition of the markets in the U.S., almost -- it's like 40% to 50%. It's like -- I would say 45% or so

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

of the trading today is done in the dark, and the vast majority of that is retail. So that means that the
retail orders are not getting exposed to the lit exchanges and they're not, therefore, contributing to price
discovery. And therefore, then you have to sit there and say, well, do we have the best reflection of price
discovery if only half the market is being exposed and displayed?

So I think, Ken, it is an area of focus for us. It's one of several things that we -- I think that the SEC and
us and others will be focused on as we look at how to continue to make market structure improvements.
So it's -- one of the great things about this business, honestly, Ken, as you know, it's like kind of an
eternal learning curve. It's one of the things that keeps me so interested, and it's just fascinating to see
how the markets evolve. But as we continue to evolve those markets, I think that some focus areas that
we think will be important are to look at settlement cycles to see if we can go from T+2 to T+1 as well
as to look at the margin calculation process and giving people a little bit more clarity as to the margin
obligations.

The second is onshore sale disclosure. We do believe that long positions are disclosed, short positions are
not, and it just seems like an unfortunate asymmetry. And then the third is on market structure and trying
to level the playing field between exchanges and off-exchange players, but not in a way that's unnatural,
but in a way that just allows us all to compete successfully. And one of those examples would be minimum
tick sizes and minimum trade sizes and things like that, but that's one of several things that we would
want to have the SEC consider.

Operator

Our next question comes from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

I want to go back to Nasdaq Private Market. Could you please talk about how sustainable the activity is
in NPM? And then after Coinbase direct listing, how should we think about the role of NPM in the whole
crypto space?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Great. So NPM did have an outstanding quarter. And frankly, we had a really, really strong year in NPM last
year, too. It really picked up in the second half. Like the first half, particularly as we got into the pandemic,
became really slow. And then suddenly, in the second half, we had a whole range of programs coming
out, and it really picked -- the activity picked up and gave us a great fourth quarter and now a great first
quarter.

I think that we should recognize that more and more companies are seeing -- more and more private
companies are seeing NPM as a good way for them to manage long-term liquidity needs of their
employees and our investors without having to bring themselves to the public markets or ahead of
bringing themselves to the public markets. Where, as you mentioned, with Coinbase, having some of
that liquidity done in the private markets ahead of time, kind of position them really well for their direct
listing and gave them an investor base that they could walk into their direct listing with in a way that was
very sustainable and strong. And so I think that would be a good example of how companies, I think,
increasingly are using the private markets as a kind of a lead-in into a direct listing. And we see that as a
really encouraging sign for our business and for the relationships we have with our companies.

I think the crypto space is a good question, Owen, as to whether more crypto-oriented companies will be
coming into the public markets on the back of Coinbase and whether or not they also would choose that
path. And if that's the case, then I think the Nasdaq Private Market is a natural way for them to manage
that private liquidity ahead of an IPO.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kyle Voigt with KBW.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Maybe just a follow-up related to crypto. We're seeing a significant increase in institutional adoption and
some large traditional financial players stepping into the space for the first time. I know -- I think your
technology is powering some crypto exchanges today, but just curious to hear whether you think there's
an opportunity to eventually more directly participate in that space.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Great. Thanks. The way I look at the crypto markets and the overall cryptocurrency economy is that it's
in a very -- it's still in a very early stage. And that's great because I think we've seen this really elegant
construct come into the ecosystem in terms of what the blockchain and what you can do with it. You're
seeing now some really interesting intangible applications of it that have been more geared up until
recently towards retail. But now you're starting to see institutional players recognizing that this is -- and a
construct that really could become part of mainstream commerce.

So it's that classic product life cycle that's really starting to develop. And you're seeing where all the early
experimentations turned to early businesses, turned into a proliferation of businesses now are turning into
I would say, more concentrated, but still very, very early life cycle type of companies emerging.

And so it does give us time to -- for us to figure out the right path for us. Our, as you mentioned, our
initial involvement in crypto has been with our technology, and that's been really great. We are partners
with several crypto markets on their surveillance and their technology. And that's one of the big concerns
with crypto, has been around making sure that the markets are fair for all participants. And so our
technology is highly relevant there. Managing trading and, frankly, the scalability of trading that they've
had to deal with, our systems are designed for scale. So I think that, that also really gives us some real
advantage.

And then we actually have launched with a partner Crypto Index, and we've turned that into investable
products outside the U.S. And we're hoping, with a second partner, to kind of hopefully bring that into the
U.S. in coming months.

So we do have some really interesting ways for us to participate in the crypto space, but we're still
evaluating what should our long-term role be? And how will the markets evolve? And obviously, there are
some great, great winners, including Coinbase, of course, in terms of developing the marketplaces of the
future.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ken Hill with Loop Capital.

Kenneth William Hill
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

I had a question about ESG within your complex there, put up good 8% growth here. That seems to
be above your targeted rate for Corporate Platforms. I know that's kind of overshadowed now by the
listing services piece of it. But could you give maybe an outlook on ESG and how that's developing within
Nasdaq? And then maybe how that varies by geography as well and what you would expect maybe here in
the U.S. here over time?

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Yes. We're really encouraged by what we've been doing to develop out our ESG solutions. And again,
it is early days. At the Investor Day, we gave a view that we would hope that these types of new ESG
services that we've launched and products that we've launched would generate at least $50 million over 5
years, and so $50 million a year, 5 years later, not sure if it's clear. But I think that we obviously are quite
encouraged by the fact that we've had some really great adoption of our ESG solutions by companies.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

We also have actually incorporated our ESG solutions into our IPO package now. So we'll get more and
more companies adopting them, and that gives us longer-term revenue opportunity with them as well.

And we do obviously think that this is a trend that is here to stay. It's something that we believe will drive
a lot of corporate decision-making in the future, and we want to be that partner to the corporates to help
them navigate this landscape.

The business that we have launched and the services we offer are as popular in the U.S. as they are in
Europe. So we already have -- I would say we've had really good adoption of the products in the U.S.
But in Europe, we've had -- it's more mature. And so there's more -- we had more sustainable bond
listings and other capital listings that also we support in Europe, in addition to helping our clients through
standard setting and reporting, et cetera. So I think that it's an interesting and dynamic space, and it's
one we're quite encouraged by.

Operator

Thank you. And that's all the time we have for questions. I'd like to turn it back to Adena for closing
remarks.

Adena T. Friedman
President, CEO & Director
Great. Thank you, and thank you very much for your time today. We are very pleased to see our
businesses delivering strong organic revenue growth in the quarter. Guided by our strategic direction,
we have a clear focus for the remainder of 2021 as we reimagine markets to realize the potential of
tomorrow. I look forward to updating you -- all of you on our progress in the months to come, and thank
you, and have a great day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

NASDAQ, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

