National Oilwell Varco, Inc. NYSE:NOV
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, February 07, 2020 4:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.17

0.25

47.06

0.15

0.15

0.41

173.33

0.90

2118.54

2281.00

7.67

2024.36

8320.66

8479.00

1.90

8601.63

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-07-2020 11:04 AM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

CONSENSUS

(0.08)

(0.06)

0.12

0.17

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

ACTUAL

(0.18)

0.02

0.18

0.25

SURPRISE

NM

NM

50.00 %

47.06 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NATIONAL OILWELL VARCO, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Blake McCarthy
Vice President of Corporate
Development & Investor Relations

Clay C. Williams
Chairman, President & CEO

Jose A. Bayardo
Senior VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Byron Keith Pope
Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.
Securities, Inc., Research Division

Chase Mulvehill
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Kurt Kevin Hallead
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Sean Christopher Meakim
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Thomas Allen Moll
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Vaibhav D. Vaishnav
Scotiabank Global Banking and
Markets, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NATIONAL OILWELL VARCO, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the National Oilwell Varco Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.

I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Blake McCarthy, Vice President of
Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.

Blake McCarthy
Vice President of Corporate Development & Investor Relations

Welcome, everyone, to National Oilwell Varco's Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. With me
today are Clay Williams, our Chairman, President and CEO; and Jose Bayardo, our Senior Vice President
and CFO.

Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of today's comments are forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the federal security laws. They involve risks and uncertainties, and
actual results may differ materially. No one should assume these forward-looking statements remain valid
later in the quarter or later in the year. For a more detailed discussion of the major risk factors affecting
our business, please refer to the latest forms 10-K and 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.

Our comments also include non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations to the nearest corresponding GAAP
measures are in our earnings release available on our website.

On a U.S. GAAP basis for fourth quarter of 2019, NOV reported revenues of $2.28 billion and a net loss of
$385 million or $1.01 per share. Our use of the term EBITDA throughout this morning's call corresponds
with the term adjusted EBITDA as defined in our earnings release.

Later in the call, we will host a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]

Now let me turn the call over to Clay.

Clay C. Williams
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Blake. NOV's results continued to improve sequentially during the fourth quarter of 2019, as
revenue increased 7% from the third quarter and EBITDA increased to $288 million or 12.6% of revenue.

Despite continued deterioration of the North American market, all 3 of our segments increased EBITDA
sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, NOV was able to post an increase in EBITDA during the fourth
quarter of 2019, despite revenue being down more than $100 million in the fourth quarter of 2018.

Aggressive cost reductions and facility downsizing contributed significantly to the NOV's improving
financial performance. And Jose and I will speak more to this in just a moment.

Revenues for the full year 2019 were $8.48 billion, a 0.3% improvement from the prior year. Full year
EBITDA of $885 million declined 3% from the prior year.

2019 was a pivotal year for the energy industry. We entered 2019 with commodity and equity markets
signaling strongly to market participants that growth for growth's sake with commensurate returns to
capital providers would no longer be tolerated. Sources of all forms of capital to the industry: public
equity, private equity, bank debt, public debt, became scarce and expensive, as evidenced, for example,
by the collapse in trading multiples of oilfield public equities in early 2019.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NATIONAL OILWELL VARCO, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

At the time, we interpreted this as the evaporation of a widely held narrative, gauzy conventional wisdom
that a commodity price spike would someday soon lead us back to a more prosperous oilfield and save us
all.

Through the first 4 years of the downturn, 2015 to 2018, this narrative was responsible, we think, for a
significant structural option value component in equities and asset values in the oilfield. This makes sense
to me because the oil and gas industry has a 160-year history of extreme volatility and sophisticated
investors recognize the corresponding option value that goes with this volatility.

As the leading provider of capital-intensive capital equipment to oilfield service companies, we tend
to watch such trends. Our customers frequently rely on external capital to buy the equipment that we
provide them. And by the beginning of 2019, providers of external capital to oil and gas producers and
service companies were exhausted, tired of waiting patiently for recovery that felt like it continued to
slip over the horizon. So they choked back on the capital that they were previously pumping into the
operations of our customers.

Now capital is to oil and gas what oxygen is to the rest of us. Petroleum is arguably the most capital-
intensive undertaking of all industrial enterprises, and oilfield services is probably second. Operators react
quickly when you choke off their air supply. They pulled back hard on CapEx budgets, particularly in the
U.S. unconventional plays, resulting in a peak-to-trough decline of 27% in the U.S. land rig count over the
course of the year. While international and offshore projects with favorable return characteristics continued
to receive FID green lights, the industry as a whole, particularly the U.S., finally seemed to be resigning
itself to the fact that commodity price spike is not going to save the day and the old way of doing business
is not going to cut it. It will unfortunately be lower for longer, and that is the new conventional wisdom
that emerged at the beginning of 2019.

I wanted to step through this perspective with you this morning because I believe it has important
implications for our company and our industry over the next few years. And this perspective has guided
our strategic decisions through 2019.

First, with respect to the elusive recovery through this year of capital austerity, some might say capital
starvation, I've been struck by the number of conversations I have had with other oil patch old timers,
where we agree that this lack of capital is as bad as any time we saw during the 1980s or 1990s. Therein
lie the seeds of a return to prosperity because the new grim view that has taken hold is now driving the
industry to reduce its structural overcapacity, taking actions that will return this industry to health. Asset
retirements, facility closures, regional withdrawals, exits from businesses and consolidations got underway
in earnest in 2019. While individually none of these will heal the space, collectively they inevitably lead the
industry to better disciplined pricing and shareholder returns.

NOV's share of the task began materially back in 2015 when we started reducing our overcapacity,
facilities footprint and SG&A, but our efforts were accelerated sharply beginning in 2019 as the reality of
the new market normal became apparent. Our team has undertaken many difficult decisions, including
pulling back from unprofitable markets and closing numerous facilities around the world, some of which
had been NOV mainstays for decades.

Since 2015, we've closed 483 facilities to shrink our own internal capacity to better fit market demand.
We've adopted a more efficient shared services model in many regions. And through the hard work of our
team through this past year, we've established a clear and tangible path to at least $230 million in annual
cost savings as compared to the first quarter of 2019. Thus far, we have attained approximately $170
million in annualized savings, up about $82 million sequentially in the fourth quarter, and we continue to
evaluate every opportunity to increase that number.

Second, every product line, no matter how well established, has fallen under the microscope of an in-
depth returns analysis. Those that do not currently meet our internal threshold have either developed a
tangible plan for near-term improvement or have been slotted for divestiture or closure. Ultimately, 2019
was a year about building and solidifying our staying power. Operationally, we're leaner, more efficient and
more agile to react to the shifts in the market.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NATIONAL OILWELL VARCO, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

Third, from a balance sheet perspective, we continue to increase the strength of our capital structure in
order to maintain the flexibility to act opportunistically. During the fourth quarter, we called $1 billion in
debt due in 2022. We're paying a portion with cash and a portion with longer tenor notes in a new issue
that is due 2029.

Fourth, we tailored our strategy to fit a world where oilfield services customers have limited access to
capital. Commercially, NOV won much of this race during the period from 2006 to 2014 when we won
a significant portion of the largest build-out of oilfield service equipment the industry has seen in a
generation. We delivered 379 offshore new build drilling packages since 2006, for instance. So today, we
benefit from having the largest installed base of oilfield equipment in the world.

This enormous installed base gives rise to new attractive business opportunities that are unique to NOV.
Aftermarket spares and services support, software system enhancements, the application of big data-
driven predictive analytics products to drive efficiencies, the evolution of mechanization to automation
of processes in the oilfield, for instance. We are creating differentiated digital offerings built on over 3
decades of gathering big data in the oilfield through our MD Totco products and eHawk service offerings,
among others.

Due to our installed base of equipment that touches nearly every wellsite in the world, we're uniquely
positioned as perhaps the only common thread between hundreds of unique equipment suppliers with
thousands of nonstandardized sensor tags.

Our new product development, with capital scarce and oilfield equipment oversupplied, it makes less
sense for oilfield service contractors to spend millions of dollars on new units. Rather, we see the next
attractive opportunities as being smaller dollar investments that our customers can make and bigger
impact enhancements that will enable them to differentiate their equipment in a crowded marketplace.

While there will be certain large new build project opportunities that arise even in this tough market,
we will remain disciplined and will choose not to follow our competitors in doing the stupid stuff that
desperate competitors inevitably do. A strong balance sheet and a large installed base of equipment
requiring ongoing OEM support is the best way to ride out an industry downturn. The good news for NOV
is that we have both.

New product development has zeroed in on bolt-on products that carry a price tag our customers
can afford with value-added efficiency or useful life-improving profile that they can justify to their
shareholders.

Think in terms of TracID tags for drill pipe monitoring and AutoTally on rigs, NOVOS operating system
enhancements that our customers can charge their oil company customers for. New directional drilling
tools like SelectShift, which have no similar peer in the marketplace. PowerBlade energy management
systems, which reduce diesel consumption and carbon footprint for offshore drillers. Affordable products,
which can be used to retrofit existing capacity to improve its attractiveness in the marketplace.

Lastly, with respect to our outlook for the year, we're prepared to endure continued levels of reduced
activity in North America, with a meaningful market recovery unlikely to take hold before 2021, the kind of
market that suits affordable fit-for-market solutions.

International activity continues to be a bright spot as we enter 2020 for NOV, as customers in the
Middle East and other regions around the world look to harness the technologies that enabled the U.S.
unconventional revolution. Where our rig technology segment is experiencing limited demand for new
equipment in North America, we're scheduled to deliver multiple new rigs and rig upgrade packages this
year to the Middle East, as several countries in the region seek to upgrade their fleet.

We are pleased with our progress on our Saudi joint venture and expect to begin delivering the first of 50
modern, highly efficient super-spec rigs to the Kingdom in 2021.

Offshore drilling and production continues to grow at a measured pace. Our Wellstream Processing
business, an industry leader in production processing technologies, including monoethylene glycol

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NATIONAL OILWELL VARCO, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

regeneration units, is tendering at twice the pace that it was at this time last year, indicative of greater
activity in the offshore.

As the world continues to learn more about the coronavirus outbreak, we're hopeful first that authorities
around the globe are able to ease the suffering that is causing so many. We also hope that its impact on
the world's economy broadly, and the oil and gas industry specifically, is short-lived. But we're realistic in
acknowledging that globalization leaves us exposed to market uncertainty as it does for other industries.

We expect that our scale and global footprint will help us mitigate any direct supply chain repercussions,
but the situation nevertheless remains fluid in early 2020.

Finally, before I hand it over to Jose, I'd like to finish where I began. If I've learned anything from
business, it's to be skeptical of conventional wisdom because collectively, we are all, well, frequently
wrong. I would be surprised to see a robust global recovery emerge in the oilfield in 2020 or even 2021.
So we're managing the business accordingly. However, I do think a recovery will emerge when no one is
predicting it. The only facts I know for certain is that the oil industry has seen global growth in demand for
almost every single one of its 160 years and that the industry has always been highly cyclical. The current
time feels an awful lot like the 1990s when then, as now, capital providers to oil and gas were fatigued
and frustrated, another period of capital starvation. And then, as now, the industry responded by trimming
overcapacity. History doesn't repeat itself, but it does rhyme, and I'm encouraged that here in the sixth
year of the downturn, the oil and gas industry is serious about reducing its structural oversupply.

There is a parallel narrative embedded in conventional wisdom about a looming energy transition, one
that fully displaces fossil fuels, and therefore, one that likely further diminishes the option value of oilfield
assets, at least in the minds of some investors. While I'm confident mankind will transition to better forms
of energy in the future, the shape and pace of that transition are probably going to surprise us all. In the
near term, oil and gas remain critical fuels that play a key role in, for instance, air travel and feeding the
planet. So they will be part of the energy mix for many years, perhaps generations to come.

Nevertheless, an energy transition is emerging as potentially the most valuable and interesting business
opportunity of the 21st century. So there is one more small, but important element to our strategy, which
is figuring out how NOV can capitalize on this and how we can make money by facilitating it.

We quietly launched this initiative a few years ago to play offense rather than defense against this
emerging backdrop. We're not spending much money in this area, but I have been very encouraged by
what our teams are developing, and I hope to be able to share more with you on future calls about the
opportunities emerging for NOV in this space.

To our employees listening around the world, thank you for all that you do. Your resiliency, your
dedication, your hard work made a tough year a great year for NOV. And Jose and I could not be more
thankful to have you on our team.

With that, I'll turn it over to Jose.

Jose A. Bayardo
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, Clay. NOV's consolidated revenues increased $155 million to $2.28 billion or 7% sequentially,
as the continued momentum in international and offshore markets helped drive a 15% sequential
improvement in international revenues, more than offsetting the impact of a rapid decline in North
American activity levels during the fourth quarter.

EBITDA increased $26 million sequentially to $288 million, driven by strong operational performance and
continued progress on cost savings initiatives, partially offset by favorable project closeout variances from
Q3 not repeating and a less favorable product sales mix in our Completion & Production Solutions and Rig
Technology segments.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NATIONAL OILWELL VARCO, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

As Clay mentioned, we continue to make progress on efforts to rightsize our business and improve
efficiencies across the organization and expect to realize another $24 million in annualized cost savings in
the first quarter or a $6 million improvement in Q1 over Q4.

We've also been reducing the working capital intensity of our business. We converted $246 million of
working capital to cash in the fourth quarter and generated $473 million in cash flow from operations.
After deducting $67 million of capital expenditures, free cash flow for the quarter was $406 million,
bringing our second half 2019 free cash flow to $689 million, significantly exceeding our target.

Despite our expectation that capital expenditures for NOV will increase to around $325 million in 2020 as
we ramp spending on our new rig manufacturing facility in Saudi Arabia, we believe we will increase free
cash flow by at least $100 million year-over-year and that working capital will be a source of cash for NOV
in 2020.

During the fourth quarter, we took measures to further strengthen our balance sheet by redeeming $1
billion of senior notes due December 2022 and issuing $500 million of new senior unsecured notes due
2029. These transactions extended the maturity of $500 million of existing debt by 7 years and reduced
our debt by approximately $500 million, leaving us with $1.989 billion in gross debt as of December 31.
Cash flow generated in Q4 allowed us to reduce net debt to $818 million at year-end.

Our actions demonstrate what we've long said that defending the balance sheet is our top capital
allocation priority. Our actions are designed to ensure NOV can successfully manage tumultuous market
conditions and provide the flexibility to be opportunistic with compelling high-return investments that we
may identify.

As you know, NOV has a share buyback authorization that is contingent on the company achieving gross
debt to annualized EBITDA of less than 2x. If 2020 continues to unfold as we expect, we will likely begin
stock buybacks later in the year.

A few housekeeping items before we dive into our segment level results. During the fourth quarter, we
took $537 million in mostly noncash impairment and other charges due to the further deterioration in
North American market conditions and our ongoing restructuring efforts. Lower intercompany sales from
cross-segment projects resulted in a $3 million sequential decrease in revenue eliminations. In the first
quarter of 2020, we expect intercompany sales to remain in line with the fourth quarter of 2019.

Other expenses increased $44 million sequentially and included $26 million in expenses associated with
the retirement of $1 billion of our 2022 notes and a $14 million increase in foreign exchange losses. And
finally, while our effective tax rate may continue to be volatile over the near future, we expect our tax rate
will average approximately 35% for 2020.

Moving to results from operations. Our Wellbore Technologies segment generated $764 million in revenue
in the fourth quarter, a decrease of $29 million or 4% sequentially. Revenues from North America declined
13%, slightly more than the falloff in drilling activity, while revenues from the segment's international
operations increased 7%.

Despite the decline in revenue, EBITDA for the segment increased by $10 million sequentially to
$143 million, primarily due to the successful implementation of cost savings initiatives and structural
improvements to operational efficiency across the business units in this segment.

Our ReedHycalog drill business posted a less than 1% decline in revenue due to continued weakness in
the North American market that was mostly offset by growth in most international markets and continued
market share gains in the U.S. Our high-performing bits are allowing us to gain share and preserve pricing
in a competitive market.

Revenues in our downhole business unit fell 12%, as reduced demand and increased pricing pressures
in North America were partially offset by higher revenues in most Eastern Hemisphere markets. Despite
the challenges in the North American market, we continue to see healthy demand for our leading-edge
motor, elastomer and other technologies, including our SelectShift adjustable motors, which are enabling
customers to complete single-run wells with greater consistency and reliability.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NATIONAL OILWELL VARCO, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

During the fourth quarter, we helped a customer in the Marcellus Basin drill a record-setting 19,132-foot
single-run well. Our MD Totco business unit realized a slight increase in revenue as the contribution from
our growing number of drilling automation projects in the Norwegian North Sea more than offset a decline
in revenue for MD Totco's business in North America.

Our Tuboscope business unit saw revenues fall 5% sequentially. Revenue from the business unit coating
operations were down slightly, and inspection service revenues fell 6% as lower drilling activity levels in
the U.S. and holidays reduced output from mills and outside processors.

Revenues in our WellSite Services business unit declined 12% sequentially on fewer U.S. fluids jobs, but
the unit's core solids control business only experienced a 5% sequential decrease in revenues. Its U.S.
operations performed in line with the 11% falloff in drilling activity, but was partially offset by growing
opportunities in the international and offshore markets.

We're encouraged to have begun working on several projects in the Gulf of Mexico recently in addition to
seeing rising demand overseas.

Our Grant Prideco drill pipe business realized a sharp increase in revenues in the fourth quarter, as we
shipped large volumes of high-spec drill pipe for international markets. Additionally, as was the case in
the third quarter, more than 50% of the business unit's revenues were derived from offshore products.
While orders for drill pipe in the U.S. have been sparse over the past few quarters, customers' drill pipe
inventories that we hold in the U.S. are at the lowest levels in recent history. We believe any material
increase in drilling activity will require a healthy increase in orders.

Meanwhile, as international customers restock diminished inventories, we continue to see rising demand
for our Delta drill pipe connection technology.

Looking to Q1 for the Wellbore Technologies segment. The coronavirus, oil prices, seasonality and evolving
E&P budgeting practices all remain wildcards. But at this time, we expect revenues for our Wellbore
Technologies segment will decline between 6% to 12%, with decremental margins in the mid-30% range.

Our Completion & Production Solutions segment generated $799 million in revenue in the fourth quarter,
an increase of $71 million or 10% sequentially. Growing demand from offshore and international markets
was partially offset by lower demand for completion equipment in U.S. land markets. EBITDA increased
$14 million sequentially to $96 million or 12% of sales. Incremental margins were limited to 20%, as
modestly higher sequential cost savings were offset by favorable credits related to the closeout of projects
in Q3 that did not repeat in the fourth quarter.

Segment began realizing a considerable increase in orders during late 2018, largely driven by offshore and
international projects. This trend continued through the fourth quarter, resulting in orders of $502 million
in its fifth straight quarter with a book-to-bill in excess of 100%. While the project pipeline remains robust
for 2020, at this point, we expect lower orders in the first quarter due to the timing of specific projects.

Our Fiber Glass Systems business unit posted an 8% sequential improvement in revenues, achieving the
highest levels of revenue in its history. Increased deliveries of spoolable pipe from our new manufacturing
plant in Dammam, Saudi Arabia, and marine scrubber system components needed to retrofit vessels for
IMO 2020 compliance drove the sequential growth, but was partially offset by rapidly contracting demand
in North America where orders decreased 15% sequentially. We expect the need for additional scrubber
systems to remain robust, with experts estimating that owners of shipping vessels can achieve paybacks
on their investments in less than a year based on current price spreads between low sulfur and traditional
bunker fuel.

Our Intervention & Stimulation Equipment business realized a 3% sequential increase in revenue on
strong year-end shipments of coiled tubing and wireline units. However, margins decreased roughly 100
basis points on a less favorable product mix, as revenues from pressure pumping aftermarkets, parts and
services declined to a level that is less than half its recent highs. Results from this business unit remained
depressed due to the structural overcapacity of the North American completions market. However, the
business continues to advance its technological leadership by assisting our customers in finding new, less
capital-intensive ways to improve profitability for themselves and their end customers. Our FracMaxx,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NATIONAL OILWELL VARCO, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

big-bore QuickLatch and frac hose products are examples that are lower-cost solutions for improving
operational efficiencies and safety in a cash-constrained environment.

Business is also focused on pursuing opportunities in other markets such as the Middle East, Latin America
and China where the development of tight and unconventional natural gas formations is driving equipment
needs that mirror what is used in North America.

In the fourth quarter, we booked and delivered a large package of high-pressure equipment to an operator
in Northwestern China, where there has been a rapid increase in the amount of hydraulic fracturing
activities and is therefore experiencing a corresponding increase in demand for high-pressure flow line
equipment in the Changqing and Xinjiang gas fields.

Our Process and Flow Technologies business unit realized revenue growth in each of the unit's major
product lines. The unit's production and midstream product offerings saw a sequential decrease in demand
in North America that was more than offset by large shipments of pump packages to India and an uptick
in sales of production chokes, including the first batch of chokes built in our new manufacturing facility in
Dammam, Saudi Arabia.

The business unit also realized its third straight quarter of improved results from its offshore market-
focused wellstream processing and APL turret mooring product offerings, primarily driven by growing LNG-
related activity.

Headlining the order book was a monoethylene glycol regeneration and reclamation unit for an LNG
project in Mozambique and in order for our newly developed electrostatic coalescer technology, EPACK,
that will be installed at the Equinor, Johan Sverdrup.

Tendering activity for the offshore market remains the strongest in recent memory, which is reflected
in the business' ability to post a book-to-bill in excess of 150% and which should begin to allow for
incremental pricing improvements during the year.

Our subsea flexible pipe business posted a 15% sequential increase in revenues, but at low flow-through
as the market for flexible pipe remains very price competitive. Bookings improved from the third quarter,
generating a book-to-bill of 134% and included more than 56 miles of flexible pipeline systems for a
project in the North Sea.

Our team continues to use its technology advantages to focus on higher value-add projects. For the first
quarter of 2020, we expect revenues from our Completion & Production Solutions segment to decline 10%
to 15% sequentially, with decremental EBITDA margins in the upper 20% to lower 30% range.

Our Rig Technologies segment generated $759 million in revenue in the fourth quarter, an increase of
$110 million. A sharp increase in land rig equipment sales, including sales of older inventory at low
margins and improved progress on offshore projects, drove the 17% sequential improvement in revenue.
However, an unfavorable shift in product mix, together with old inventory we've moved at a discount,
were only partially offset by cost savings, which limited incremental margins and resulted in a $7 million
increase in EBITDA to $112 million or 14.8% of sales.

Orders declined $10 million or 5% to $211 million in the fourth quarter, and the total segment backlog
at year-end was $2.99 billion. Sharp improvement in land revenues resulted from a significant increase
in year-end equipment deliveries and better progress on land rig projects. During the fourth quarter, we
booked orders for 6 land rigs destined for multiple customers in the Middle East, with 3 of the rig orders
specifying our NOVOS control system.

We're seeing NOCs more frequently pushing their contractors to provide high-spec land drilling rigs
that can meaningfully improve performance and operator returns. The growing number of international
operators pursuing development of tight gas formations is accelerating the demand for this equipment.
And similar to what we're seeing in our Intervention & Stimulation Equipment business unit, the
equipment these customers are seeking is beginning to look like the high-spec equipment found in West
Texas. We've seen this in Argentina for several years and are now seeing customers across the Middle East

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NATIONAL OILWELL VARCO, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

and Asia pursue 1,500-horsepower rig packages with 3 gensets that are almost identical to what we were
selling into the U.S.

During the fourth quarter, we also realized a substantial increase in revenues from deliveries of offshore
capital equipment and from improved progress on our offshore wind construction vessel projects. We
continue to see gradual improvement in offshore markets with steady demand for rig equipment and
technology upgrades as well as a growing opportunity set for our marine construction business, including
replacement cranes for FPSOs, equipment for pipe lay vessels and additional offshore wind construction
vessels.

NOV continues to leverage our core competencies to assist in the development of solutions that help
our customers reduce their environmental footprint, while also improving operational efficiencies. In the
fourth quarter, we introduced our PowerBlade hybrid system that is currently being installed on a rig in the
Norwegian continental shelf. PowerBlade allows drilling contractors to reduce their carbon footprint and
fuel costs by recycling the captured energy back into the rig. We estimate that the PowerBlade system will
allow the drilling contractor to reduce diesel consumptions by 771,000 gallons per year, saving them $1.75
million in cash, reducing 110 tons of NOx emissions per year and reducing their carbon footprint or CO2
emissions by 6,200 tons per year.

Revenues from our rig aftermarket operations were flat sequentially due to a decrease in spare part sales
that resulted from budget exhaustion that set in with our customers near the end of the year. Additionally,
the significant increase in the number of rigs enrolled in our total cost of ownership programs moderates
the Q4 uplift we've historically seen in our service and repair operations. We've increased the number of
offshore rigs in our programs to 83 at year-end and an increase of over 2.4x since the end of 2018.

In the first quarter of 2020, we expect lower deliveries of capital equipment to be partially offset by a
slight increase in aftermarket sales, resulting in a 10% to 15% sequential decrease in revenues and a 100
to 300 basis point reduction in EBITDA margins.

While we know there is much more work to be done in 2020, we were pleased with the strong finish to
2019 and the progress the organization made on key initiatives throughout the year. Actions taken by the
talented, hard-working employees of NOV allowed us to balance our efforts to reduce costs and improve
operational efficiencies with advancing our technologies and supporting our customers with cost-effective
solutions. Those actions have NOV well positioned for the future.
With that, we'll now open the call to questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NATIONAL OILWELL VARCO, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Byron Pope with Tudor Pickering, Holt & Co.

Byron Keith Pope
Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division

Recognizing the extra uncertainty injected into the market by the recent pullback in Brent prices, could
you just frame for us, at a high level, how you think about the international growth drivers among the 3
business segments, again, just at a high level?

Clay C. Williams
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. We're -- big picture, North America, we expect to, I think like everyone else, to endure a slowdown --
continued slowdown in activity, and we're preparing for that. But we're much more encouraged overseas
and in offshore markets in particular. So that continues to move higher. And what we're hearing from our
customers is that they're moving forward with a lot of projects that they've been working on reducing
costs and engineering in over the last several years. And so excited about that for 2020. And then the
Middle East has continued to remain very active. And as you're well aware, we've increased our presence
in those markets and are encouraged by the needs that our customers have there for equipment and
technologies that NOV provides. So generally, North America drifting down in offshore and international
moving up, current oil price volatility notwithstanding, Byron.

Byron Keith Pope
Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division

And then my second question, just again, in qualitative terms. Could you -- as you think back on the 5
incremental NOV growth drivers, growth opportunities that you guys laid out back at the 2018 Analyst
Day, just from your perspective, how things are progressing, again, notwithstanding the near-term North
America headwinds? But just how those have played out relative to your expectations?

Clay C. Williams
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, the main thing I'm most proud of is our continued investment in technologies and products through
the downturn. And we certainly highlighted that in our Analyst Day, which was well over a year ago, and
in a very different sort of commodity price environment. But when I look back on the progress we've
made really since the downturn started, I think NOV has probably introduced more new products and
new technologies than any of our peers out there. We launched our Navasota test rig at the very end of
2014, and that's been responsible for dozens of products and technologies. We've come out with very
impactful digital solutions through this time period, predictive analytics for BOPs, for example, our NOVOS
operating system, our GoConnect digital products, things like that. And so I think we've balanced the cost
cutting and the retrenchment that has been necessary with continuing to invest in the long-term future
of the company and the technologies that are going to make that happen. And so I'm very proud of our
organization in terms of progress on these things. And I think in a lot of ways through the downturn,
we've been focused on, in addition to efficiencies and getting better at working capital management, on
really laying the foundation for what the next upcycle looks like.

Operator

Our next question comes from Tommy Moll with Stephens Inc.

Thomas Allen Moll
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NATIONAL OILWELL VARCO, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

So wanted to touch on the portfolio review that you've been undertaking for some time now. It's clear it's
a returns-driven analysis that you're running through. And so my question is, as you're evaluating what to
keep and what to prune, how many years forward are you willing to look for a business line or a unit to hit
the kind of returns that you'd like to see to keep it in the portfolio? And the reason I'm asking is, clearly,
offshore and international have some momentum, but we need to play that forward for some reasonable
time horizon to get comfortable to where you're willing to underwrite. So anything you could do to help us
frame that up would be helpful.

Clay C. Williams
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, that's a great question. I'm going to let Blake chime in here in a minute because he's heading
up this effort. But I would say it depends on the potential to achieve what we always aim at in the
application of capital, which is a defensible business that has a demonstrable competitive advantage over
the long haul is the ultimate goal. And so when we look at these different businesses and kind of the
current state of affairs and the current state of their markets and so forth, we take a view necessarily on
what's the likelihood and probability that we'll get to that state, that defensible competitive advantage
in a reasonable period of time. And so I would say our patience level is somewhat dependent upon
the potential payoff and attractiveness of that particular business opportunity, but it's really kind of
opportunity by opportunity that we evaluate this.

Blake McCarthy
Vice President of Corporate Development & Investor Relations

Yes, Tommy. I think we touched on this last quarter, but this is not just a quantitative exercise, but
also qualitative. And so we just take a step back and say, like, oh, if this business is below the return
threshold, but it's been bouncing along the bottom of the downcycle and we could see a clear tangible
path to, hey, the orders have completely pivoted on this one-and-done, a full 180, we're not going to sell
at the bottom of its earnings potential. Now I will say we have -- Clay touched upon our patience level. For
a lot of these that did fall below the threshold, we were able to implement some discrete action plans that
are in process right now that we will reevaluate. And most of these action plans only take about 3 to 9
months. So it's just more self-help, which is part of our job is managing these businesses. And those that
we find are to be unfixable, those will be evaluated for divestiture or just a pure exit.

Clay C. Williams
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, that's our first inclination is around we're paid to fix these things and run these things. And so are
there steps we can take first? So that's probably where our default is for businesses that fall below the
threshold initially.

Thomas Allen Moll
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Very helpful. And as a follow-up, I wanted to double-back on the international and offshore outlook. Again,
looks like we'll be up for 2020 versus the prior year just in terms of the addressable market there. Are
there any particular aspects where you think NOV could maybe outperform the broader market, business
lines or parts of the world where you're most excited that you would call out for us?

Clay C. Williams
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Probably what we're -- we're certainly well-known for drilling equipment, offshore rigs, all things
drilling. What's probably less well-known by investors on Wall Street is the fact that we've sort of quietly
assembled a really interesting portfolio of products that are more focused on production going into
FPSOs, fixed platforms, processes around production in terms of sand separation, oil-water separation,
monoethylene glycol regeneration units, things like that. And so I'm really, really proud of that portfolio.
And I think there's really interesting opportunities that are going to continue to emerge in the offshore,
where NOV was likely to play maybe a little larger role than we would have in a prior upturn.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NATIONAL OILWELL VARCO, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from Chase Mulvehill with Bank of America.

Chase Mulvehill
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So I guess, Clay, you talked a bit about kind of energy transition. And so I'm just kind of curious if you can
kind of flush it out a little bit more here and kind of talk about your strategy towards energy transition and
maybe organically what you're doing and then also maybe on the M&A side.

Clay C. Williams
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. First, I'd say that we have a presence in this space going back many years, and in fact, many decades
with respect to geothermal, for instance, where you'd probably be hard-pressed to find a geothermal
well that doesn't have NOV technology involved with it anywhere in the globe. And then secondly, I think
last year, we had a couple of announcements around offshore wind installation vessels, which is the
space that NOV has a very -- has a market-leading position in terms of the technologies in vessels install
offshore wind turbines. And so we've been in renewables for -- going back a long time. My comments in
the prepared remarks, though, really are just to let you know that we're thinking about other ways to
participate in this and viewing it as potentially a terrific business opportunity. When I think about energy,
energy really is all about infrastructure, about capital deployment. Historically, pivoting from one form of
energy to another is sort of a decades-long process, but involves enormous amounts of capital, involves
project execution and involves application of technology. It involves creative ideas. NOV has a lot of those
in abundance. And so I do think there's a role here that we can play in helping make that happen. But
what I want to stress is we're aiming at capital returns coming out of that at the opportunity to develop
technologies and services and methods that help in that transition, but also earn excellent returns for
our shareholders. And so that's how I'm framing this. I don't have a lot more to add to that other than
what I said earlier, some ideas in the space that we think are unique that potentially can turn into really
interesting and profitable businesses. And -- but we -- I generally don't -- won't get into the details until
we're earning -- making revenue with these things.

Chase Mulvehill
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay, great. I guess if we kind of come to the supply chain a little bit and think about the coronavirus, you
mentioned it a little bit. There's obviously a direct impact and maybe some direct -- indirect impact as we
think about the supply chain being so interconnected. Is there a certain segment that we should look at
and try to understand better about the impact from kind of what's going on over in China? And then help
us understand how much of that is actually in your guide there, Blake?

Jose A. Bayardo
Senior VP & CFO

Chase, it's Jose. I'll fill this and Clay can chime in. But -- no, it is a situation that is evolving rapidly, and
it's something that we're monitoring very closely. So I think our base exposure to this is more from a
supply chain standpoint than it is from a customer revenue opportunity set. But as we did talk about in
some of the prepared remarks, China is an emerging and growing market for our end products in which
we're having more and more success with our differentiated technology offerings. We do have a very
global and diversified supply chain. But as we sit here today and we're looking at an extended shutdown
of the China New Year holiday system, that is impacting our ability to produce certain products to a certain
degree. At this point, we still have a lot of latitude to make up lost ground. But if this were to extend much
longer, there are areas, for instance, within our fiberglass business, where we have limitations in terms
of the amount of resin that's on the ground at our manufacturing plants right now. So there's some risk
there. But so far so good. Similar type of exposure related to drill pipe manufacturing, other businesses
to a lesser extent. But so far, we think our team is managing through it pretty effectively. But still a lot of
uncertainty related to the extent to which this will impact operations.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NATIONAL OILWELL VARCO, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

Clay C. Williams
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, yes. And those are sort of first order impacts, I'm equally concerned about second order impacts,
which is the impact that this has on global demand for oil, what it's done in the commodity price markets,
and more to the point, kind of what it does to the psychology of oil and gas producers as they think about
how much to drill in 2020. So it's -- as we said, the situation remains very fluid.

Operator

Our next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citigroup.

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Turning to C&P. How should we think about the C&P margin profile over the course of 2020? I'm just
thinking about the interplay between the mix shift in the revenue stream towards more international and
offshore, but also the cost-out program. I know you don't want to provide too many specifics beyond 1
quarter out, but just any general color on how that margin profile should progress, given that interplay.

Jose A. Bayardo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Scott. It's Jose, and I'll start off on this one. So we're not going to really deviate from the typical way
we describe in terms of thinking about margin progression for the CAPS segment, which is really think of
it in terms of incremental margins, basically dollar dropping between $0.25 to $0.35 down to the EBITDA
line. And obviously, that is dependent on the mix of the business and really what you're getting at is with
the decline that we're seeing in demand for equipment in the North American market and the solid growth
that we're seeing overseas, particularly for offshore markets. Typically, some of those offshore projects in
the early phases of recovery have been slightly more challenged from a margin perspective. But as Clay
alluded to and I think we touched on a couple of times during our prepared remarks, with the amount
of tendering activity, we think we're starting to now see more opportunities for pricing improvements.
But here, as we stand today, you also need to think about the latency time associated with some of
these offshore projects where they sort of reside in our backlog a bit longer than the shorter-cycle North
American-centric product offering. So what's going through converting to revenue right now is, to a
large degree, stuff that was booked 9, 12 months ago. And so as we start capturing better pricing, we
should see the incremental margin profile improve along with being further supported by the cost-cutting
initiative efforts that we have underway.

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Got you. But overall, for the year, do you think that we should be thinking about at a lighter-than-normal
margins? Or given some of the pricing trends, you end up doing closer to the normal incremental for the
year?

Jose A. Bayardo
Senior VP & CFO

I think on a blended basis, it's more...

Clay C. Williams
Chairman, President & CEO

There's a lot of puts and takes here.

Jose A. Bayardo
Senior VP & CFO

A lot of parts and pieces. So I would assume fairly normal.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NATIONAL OILWELL VARCO, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

Scott Andrew Gruber
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Okay. And then maybe if you just give us a quick update on the rental initiative that you guys really
push forward a couple of years ago, particularly on the drilling tools side of the business, but even more
broadly, just an update on the rental model initiative, particularly as the international markets pick up
further in 2020.

Clay C. Williams
Chairman, President & CEO

Scott, you're talking about our drilling tools business related to the rental -- we have a couple rental
business around, but I think you're talking about the investment we've made in directional drilling
technologies, rotary steerables and SelectShift. And we'd tell you that we're continuing to gain traction in
that. We've got 3 different rotary steerable tools in the marketplace, including what we think is the lowest
cost, a very highly differentiated rotary steerable tool. Our SelectShift motor that we introduced last year,
which is the adjustable bend housing motor that could be adjusted downhole. A very large operator in the
U.S. is testing that this week. We've had a lot of excitement around that. MWD tools also that we have in
the space. So we're continuing to make progress in here. But that strategy was built on the recognition
that unconventional drilling -- unconventional shales really rely on geosteering on horizontal drilling, and it
is a kind of enabling and key technology for unconventional technologies -- or unconventional shales, and
NOV has an opportunity here to be a larger provider of technology in this space.

Jose A. Bayardo
Senior VP & CFO

And maybe one thing I'd just add just so there's no confusion about it. So as Clay mentioned, there's
a number of areas where we do provide rentals of equipment. The space that we're talking about is
a combination of both rentals and sales. But just want to make it clear that we're somewhat agnostic
on that. But what we do want to make clear is that this is not a service that we are providing. We are
enabling those directional drilling service companies out there.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kurt Hallead with RBC Capital Markets.

Kurt Kevin Hallead
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Thanks for that historical perspective. Resonates with me, that's for sure. So in the context of what
you guys see going forward -- and Clay, yes, NOV has always been at the forefront of evolving on
the technology front and creating some value propositions that ultimately oil companies and service
companies find useful. You threw out that teaser about some things that you're working on in the hopper.
Can you maybe elaborate a little bit, maybe give us a little bit more of a teaser as to what kind of value
propositions you may be looking at for the next leg of growth for NOV?

Clay C. Williams
Chairman, President & CEO

On renewables, I'm going to demur on that. On the -- are you talking about renewables or you're talking
about traditional oilfield, Kurt?

Kurt Kevin Hallead
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Well, yes, I'll go wherever you want to take it, Clay. So if you want to demur on renewables, that's fine.

Clay C. Williams
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NATIONAL OILWELL VARCO, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

Well, as a matter of policy, we like -- we'd much prefer to talk about things that are in the marketplace
that are starting to get traction. And so in terms of what I'm most excited about really, the predictive
analytics products that we introduced a few years ago continue to gain traction. I think Jose referenced
the growing number of rigs in our programs. We're monitoring equipment and able to predict in advance
operational challenges before those happen. NOVOS operating system for drilling rigs, both land and
offshore, is gaining a lot of traction and really beginning to contribute meaningfully. Our wired drill pipe,
IntelliServ data transmission -- downhole data transmission technology, combined with machine learning
and artificial intelligence, is improving results for operators. In fact, there's a great article in this month's
Journal of Petroleum Technology about what we've done for a U.S. driller in the space. And so I, again just
to reiterate, could not be more proud of sort of the enhancements that we have going on. And those are
actually just a few of many, many things that NOV has introduced through the downturn.

Kurt Kevin Hallead
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Got it. And then just a follow-up in the context -- I appreciate that color, by the way. In the context of the
capital allocation, you indicated that if all goes well, you could be potentially in a position to kind of restart
a share repo program. Just kind of curious as to the decision framework between the, say, the share repo
versus maybe bumping the dividend a bit. Any insights would be appreciated on that front.

Jose A. Bayardo
Senior VP & CFO

Well, thank you. Yes, with respect to where our stock has been trading, we think there's good value in
that and have gone through that in a great deal of detail with our board. We'll continue to look at it, by
the way. But we're -- I think the way we view that right now is that share repurchase is preferred. But the
key thing is that our capital priorities remain unchanged in all of our -- you look back to 2019, all of our
actions were really geared towards continuing to improve. We implemented a lot of cost savings that are
driving better EBITDA. We refinanced and paid down a lot of our debt. And so we're continuing to work
towards being -- achieving the credit metrics that we talked about that will pave the way for a greater
level of capital return to shareholders.

Operator

Our next question comes from Sean Meakim with JPMorgan.

Sean Christopher Meakim
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Maybe I'll try to ask the prior question just with a different angle. So in terms of the free cash guide for
2020 and uses of that cash, so we noted buybacks could be coming later this year. Obviously, dividend
is well covered. CapEx may be a bit elevated this year, but that's discrete, very specific. You've also, in
effect, supplemented some of your CapEx spend with technology bolt-ons over time. That's been a big
part of the strategy this cycle in particular. Is something like $200 million a good run rate for bolt-ons?
Just I'm trying to capture other uses of cash that could come before the buybacks in '20?

Jose A. Bayardo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, and that's a great point, Sean. And we're always looking at opportunities in the M&A space. And I
think we've been pretty transparent about that. And so what I'd say is, in 2019 -- and this sort of fits with
my prepared comments around the fact that oilfield assets and equities have gotten a lot cheaper in the
current environment. And so we're always looking at kind of what's the next best application of NOV's
shareholders' capital and to the -- and that M&A outlook changes from time to time as we kind of work
through the year.

Blake McCarthy
Vice President of Corporate Development & Investor Relations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NATIONAL OILWELL VARCO, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

Yes, Sean, it's Blake here. I'd just like to add that we -- both Clay and our board gives us the flexibility,
like we don't have a run rate on like a target for acquisitions for a year. Every acquisition is an individual
investment decision that we raise, that we also compare relative to the investment in our own stock. So at
this point, like, I think there's a lot of opportunities out there. It's a very crowded field of sellers right now
and a very limited set of buyers. So we think that there could be some attractive valuations out there, but
we're going to be very, very patient.

Sean Christopher Meakim
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful feedback. And then -- so well done to see all the efforts on working capital start
to come through and convert to cash. And that's been a top priority, especially for Jose. So with the 4Q
results and your expectation that working capital will be a source of cash again in '20, just curious to get
any updated thoughts on seasonality as we go through the year in terms of working capital. And then just
how you're targeting working capital efficiency by the end of 2020 or '21? Maybe any updated thoughts
around working capital to sales or DSOs, inventory turns, DPOs, et cetera?

Jose A. Bayardo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I don't think we'll get super-granular in terms of specifying the targets. But what I would like to
spend just a moment talking about is that what we are seeing is a lot of good progress and a lot of
good momentum by a lot of hard-working people across the organization. We've been at it awhile, but
obviously, the results really started to come through in the second half of 2019. And we have a lot more
work to do. But with the momentum that we have and opportunities that we've identified, we're confident
in our ability to harvest more cash from our working capital and just become a lot more capital efficient
as we progress through 2020. So we finished 2019 with that working capital to revenue run rate just a
tiny bit over 30%, which was a good outcome for us. Now what we're really going to be focused on during
2020 -- and you asked the question related to seasonality. It's really going to be more focused on kind
of the average level of working capital intensity really throughout the life of the organization. So a lot of
progress through the course of the year. But if you look at the average for 2019, average the starting
balance sheet and ending balance sheet, apply the total annual revenue to it, that was 37%. So we're
trending in the right direction, but we certainly want that average to come way down during the course of
2020. And that would put us at a Q4 run rate that will be better than where we finish this year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Vebs Vaishnav with Scotiabank.

Vaibhav D. Vaishnav
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

A very good quarter. I guess, just a clarification. You guys talked about $230 million of cost savings. I
guess I just want to confirm that, that's comparable to the $200 million number earlier that you guys
guided to.

Jose A. Bayardo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Yes, we found another $30 million in annualized. Both those numbers are annualized cost savings as
compared to our structure in the first quarter of 2019.

Vaibhav D. Vaishnav
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Got it. Okay. C&P orders, you talked about, it could be somewhat lower in 1Q. Can you just talk about
what kind of visibility do you have beyond that and that's both for C&P orders and Rig Tech orders? Can
we sustain what we saw by in the first Q? Can we sustain what we saw in 2019?

Jose A. Bayardo

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

NATIONAL OILWELL VARCO, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

Senior VP & CFO

Well, Q4 was, I think, our fifth quarter in a row of book-to-bill north of 1 for Completion & Production
Solutions. A lot of these orders, particularly for offshore projects, we have a lot of lead time into because
there's a lot of work that goes into them. Sometimes there's FEED studies behind them, things like that.
And so a lot of the kind of near term -- the downturn that we expect in Q1 in orders in Completion &
Production Solutions is really just the timing of how those things fall. And -- but that notwithstanding,
what I'm most encouraged about is the fact that our tendering activity across the portions of Completion
& Production Solutions that are focused on the offshore remains very strong. I think we mentioned that
our PFT group, for instance, the pipeline there is twice what it was a year ago. And so it feels to us like the
offshore infrastructure is continuing to move forward, and that's a really good backdrop, I think, to move
into 2020 with respect to orders for Completion & Production Solutions.

Vaibhav D. Vaishnav
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Great. And maybe just one last question from me. On the guidance for Wellbore. So it sounds -- it
seems like, yes, you guys did like only down revenues 4% versus guidance of 5% to 7%, so like not very
different from the guidance. You talked about North America only declined 11%. So nothing spectacular
in 4Q. I was a little surprised by the guidance of down 6% to 12% for 1Q. I think -- like you talked about
China could have an impact. Could you just elaborate like what is guiding that in like -- and how should we
think about North America versus international in the guidance?

Jose A. Bayardo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Part of the overachievement in Q4 was higher drill pipe sales than we had expected going into the
quarter. And part of our expectation for Q1 is that turns around. That's a little lumpier than some of the
other businesses within Wellbore Technologies.

Clay C. Williams
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. And I'd also add, you look at the guidance across the board related to the sequential decline from Q4
to Q1. We do look back the last couple of years in terms of the falloff that we've had from Q4 to Q1. Feels
like that the E&P budgeting process, both within North America and the international markets is getting
a little bit more prolonged and gets -- certainly gets amplified when you add in a pullback in commodity
prices and the fears related to the coronavirus. So that is certainly factored in to an extent into the Q1
guidance.

Jose A. Bayardo
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, one more thing. Our -- like ReedHycalog business, for instance, has seasonality exposure in Russia
and the Rockies and places like that. So there's just -- our expectation is that, that will -- those will all
contribute to Wellbore Technologies moving down in Q1.

Operator

That concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Clay
Williams for any further remarks.

Clay C. Williams
Chairman, President & CEO

I want to thank everyone for joining today. And in particular, I want to take the opportunity once again to
thank any employees that might be listening, frankly, to thank you for the great job that you're doing so.
Have -- I hope everyone has a great weekend. Thank you.

Jose A. Bayardo
Senior VP & CFO
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

NATIONAL OILWELL VARCO, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

NATIONAL OILWELL VARCO, INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 07, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

