NetApp, Inc. NasdaqGS:NTAP
FQ2 2022 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, November 30, 2021 10:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2022-

-FQ3 2022-

-FY 2022-

-FY 2023-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.21

1.28

Revenue  (mm)

1550.59

1566.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-30-2021 9:46 PM GMT

5.79

0.99

1.28

5.01

5.47

1590.82

6259.56

6599.60

FQ3 2021

FQ4 2021

FQ1 2022

FQ2 2022

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.01

1.12

0.95

1.21

1.10

1.17

1.15

1.28

8.91 %

4.46 %

21.05 %

5.79 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
NETAPP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 30, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

George Kurian
CEO & Director

Kris Newton
VP of Corporate Communications &
Investor Relations

Michael J. Berry
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Ananda Prosad Baruah
Loop Capital Markets LLC,
Research Division

James Dickey Suva
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

Jason Noah Ader
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Karl Ackerman
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Nehal Sushil Chokshi
Northland Capital Markets,
Research Division

Nikolay Todorov
Longbow Research LLC

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Shek Ming Ho
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Simon Matthew Leopold
Raymond James & Associates, Inc.,
Research Division

Steven Bryant Fox
Fox Advisors LLC

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Securities, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NETAPP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 30, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the NetApp Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings
Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to turn the call over to Kris Newton, Vice President, Investor Relations.

Kris Newton
VP of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations

Thank you for joining us. With me today are our CEO, George Kurian; and CFO, Mike Berry. This call is
being webcast live and will be available for replay on our website at netapp.com.

During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements and projections with respect to our financial
outlook and future prospects such as our guidance for third quarter fiscal year 2022; our expectations
regarding future revenue, profitability and shareholder returns; the value we bring to customers; our
ability to drive growth in our Hybrid Cloud segment and scale our Public Cloud segment; and our ability to
manage through the current supply chain environment, all of which involve risk and uncertainty.

We disclaim any obligation to update our forward-looking statements and projections. Actual results
may differ materially for a variety of reasons, including macroeconomic and market conditions, such as
the continuing impact and uneven recovery of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resulting supply chain
disruptions and the IT capital spending environment as well as our ability to gain share in the storage
market, grow our cloud business and generate greater cash flow.

Please also refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC and available on our website,
specifically our most recent Forms 10-Q and 10-K, including in the Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Risk Factors sections.

During the call, all financial measures presented will be non-GAAP unless otherwise indicated.
Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP estimates are posted on our website.

I'll now turn the call over to George.

George Kurian
CEO & Director

Thanks, Kris, and welcome, everyone, to our Q2 fiscal year '22 earnings call.

We delivered another strong quarter, with results all at the high end or above our guidance. Building on
the momentum of last year and the previous quarter, revenue grew 11% year-over-year, with Public Cloud
segment revenue growth of 85% and Hybrid Cloud segment revenue growth of 8%. Product revenue
grew 9% year-over-year, the third consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth. Gross margin, operating
margin and earnings per share are all at record highs for the first half of the fiscal year.

Our performance reflects continued broad-based customer demand created by the sizable and long-term
trends of cloud and data-driven digital transformation, where NetApp is playing an increasingly important
role in helping customers achieve their business and hybrid cloud transformation goals. NetApp is uniquely
positioned to solve organizations' most significant challenges in both modern and traditional applications,
on-premises and in hybrid multi-cloud environments.

As I've said many times, our Public Cloud services not only allow us to participate in the rapidly growing
cloud market but they also make us a more strategic data center partner to our enterprise customers,
driving share gains in our Hybrid Cloud business. We are seeing this play out in the strong results from
both our Public Cloud and Hybrid Cloud segments. In Q2, we had a number of announcements that further
solidify our leadership position as we continue to drive growth in our Hybrid Cloud segment, while scaling
our Public Cloud segment.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NETAPP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 30, 2021

Public Cloud revenue grew 85% year-over-year, driven by Azure NetApp Files, Cloud Insights and Spot
by NetApp. Public Cloud ARR grew to $388 million, an increase of 80% year-over-year and Public Cloud
dollar-based net revenue retention rate remains healthy at 179%. During Q2, we advanced our cloud
agenda significantly, and we remain confident in our ability to achieve our goal of reaching $1 billion ARR
in fiscal year '25, with a gross margin profile that is accretive to the corporate average.

In Q2, Amazon Web Services, AWS, announced the general availability of Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP,
a native, fully managed AWS storage service powered by ONTAP. This new first-party product is fully
integrated into the AWS console, and it's sold, supported run and built by AWS, making it easy and cost-
effective for customers to take advantage of NetApp's suite of enterprise-grade data services, while
running in an AWS native experience. As we saw with Azure NetApp Files, it will take time for FSX for
NetApp ONTAP to ramp, but we are extraordinarily pleased with the early indicators and the number of
customers piloting this service.

Additionally, Google Cloud announced that NetApp will provide storage infrastructure for its Google
Distributed Cloud Hosted, where data resides in customer-owned data centers and colocation facilities.
Google is previewing the integration of Google Cloud VMware Engine with NetApp Cloud Volumes Service,
a fully managed service that helps organizations meet their needs for storage and disaster recovery. We
also expanded availability of Cloud Volumes Service in the Google Cloud, much like any other Google
Cloud native service, Cloud Volumes Service can be provisioned and consumed against existing Google
Cloud agreements, making it easier for customers to expand their cloud engagements with both Google
and NetApp.

Finally, Microsoft announced that whitelisting has been removed from Azure NetApp Files. Azure NetApp
Files has been generally available since May 2019, with customers around the world relying on it to run
their most demanding enterprise workloads in the Azure Cloud. Now customers can instantaneously
leverage Azure NetApp Files to accelerate the deployment of mission-critical applications to Azure.
Additionally, we expanded the backup restore service and cross-region replication capabilities for Azure
NetApp Files.

We now have fully integrated services with all the major public cloud providers to give organizations the
benefits of our storage and data management expertise and experience, no matter which cloud they
choose. We have deepened each partnership and co-engineered services directly with the cloud providers,
enabling their customers to buy directly from them. This level of integration streamlines purchasing, billing
operations and support, and eliminates the complexity of additional contracts, product installations or
patching. Importantly, for NetApp, these partnerships create a new and massive go-to-market growth
engine as 3 of the largest and most innovative companies in the world are reselling our technology.

Each of these announcements represent years of hard work, partnership and continuous innovation,
bringing ONTAP to the cloud at cloud speed and represents the opportunity for continued expansion. We're
now the first and only storage environment that's natively integrated into each of the major public cloud
providers.

We also made significant enhancements to the Spot portfolio. We introduced Spot Security, a new product
designed to keep cloud infrastructure secure. Delivering continuous, automated AI-based security,
Spot Security analyzes, detects and prioritizes threats to surface the most critical vulnerabilities and
provides actionable compliance, remediation and prevention. We also released intelligent traffic flow, a
new functionality to Spot Elastigroup, which further enhances our customers' ability to optimize their
applications by intelligently managing and controlling incoming network traffic for optimal instance
utilization and high performance. Additionally, we announced Spot PC, a fully managed, secured and
continuously optimized desktop service built together with Microsoft to provide a complete solution for
Windows 365 and Azure Virtual Desktop.

At the beginning of Q3, we closed the acquisition of CloudCheckr, whose industry-leading cloud billing
analytics and cloud configuration management, monitoring and assessment solutions will augment the full
suite of Spot services. In addition to being a solid technology acquisition, CloudCheckr will enhance our
partner strategy for cloud, and we will leverage the CloudCheckr platform to build and extend distributor
and partner businesses in both the private and public sectors.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NETAPP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 30, 2021

Also in Q2, we held our annual flagship customer event, Insight, with more than 10,000 attendees and
we introduced NetApp TV to stay engaged with customers throughout the year. At Insight, we announced
enhancements to our hybrid cloud portfolio with the latest version of ONTAP that delivers even better
performance for SAN and modern workloads like AI and analytics, expanded capabilities for object storage,
increasingly automated storage system management and autonomous ransomware protection based on
machine learning.

The strength of our storage offerings was recognized by Gartner, which named NetApp once again as a
leader in the 2021 Magic Quadrant for Primary Storage. Gartner called out our robust product and cloud
service portfolio as well as Keystone Flex subscription, our comprehensive and flexible storage as a service
offering. We were also recognized among this year's top vendor solutions evaluated in the 2021 Gartner
Critical Capabilities for Primary Storage across all use cases.

Growth in our Hybrid Cloud segment was driven by strength in object storage for the rapidly growing
unstructured data and analytics use cases, and our all-flash array portfolio. In Q2, our all-flash array
business reached a record-high annualized run rate of $3.1 billion, an increase of 22% year-on-year. All-
flash arrays now compose 30% of our installed base systems. We see substantial headroom to continue to
help existing and new customers modernize their storage environments.

Based on our continued strong revenue growth, I am confident that we once again gained share in
the enterprise storage and all-flash array markets. Like everyone in our industry, we are faced with a
challenging supply environment. While the situation is dynamic and continues to evolve, we are doing
everything we can to mitigate the supply chain headwinds. We believe that we can continue to manage
through them and address the substantial customer demand.

As Mike will explain, we have factored the ongoing supply chain uncertainty into our guidance for Q3 and
the full year. I am pleased with how we have navigated these challenges and want to thank our suppliers
for their support and the NetApp team for their hard work in this environment.

In summary, our Q2 results reflect healthy momentum, a clear vision and exceptional execution across
our business. As we close the first half of fiscal year '22, I'm proud of our team and what we have
accomplished. We continue to bring industry-leading capabilities to market, further enhancing our
differentiated position in cloud and software. As our customers accelerate their digital transformation and
their adoption of hybrid cloud and hybrid work strategies, we believe we are well positioned to capture the
sizable opportunity ahead.

Before I turn the call over to Mike, I want to invite you all to join us for our Investor Day on March 22,
2022. Please mark your calendars and stay tuned for more information. I'll now turn it over to Mike.

Michael J. Berry
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, George. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As a reminder, I'll be
referring to non-GAAP numbers unless otherwise noted. Before we go through the financial details, I think
it would be valuable to walk you through the key themes for today's discussion.

Number one, Q2 was another strong quarter with results at the high end or above our guidance. Number
two, our business model continues to show significant operating leverage as we grow our operating
profitability and margins. Number three, our cloud business had another outstanding quarter as we march
towards the $1 billion ARR target; and number four, we are increasing our full year guidance for revenue,
EPS and Public Cloud ARR, driven by the outperformance in Q2, the addition of CloudCheckr and a healthy
demand pipeline for the second half of our fiscal year.

Now to the details. In fiscal Q2, we delivered strong revenue, gross margin and operating leverage across
the entire business. Outstanding execution by the NetApp team yielded Q2 billings of $1.55 billion, up 7%
year-over-year. Revenue came in at $1.57 billion, up 11% year-over-year. Our solid Q2 results were driven
by healthy demand across both our Hybrid Cloud and Public Cloud segments. Gross margin, operating
margin and EPS all came in above the high end of guidance.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NETAPP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 30, 2021

Total Hybrid Cloud segment revenue of $1.48 billion was up 8% year-over-year. Within Hybrid Cloud, we
delivered product revenue growth for the third consecutive quarter and expect this momentum to continue
throughout fiscal '22.

Product revenue of $814 million increased 9% year-over-year. Consistent with the trends we've seen
over the last year, software product revenue of $475 million increased 14% year-over-year, driven by
the continued mix shift towards our all-flash portfolio. Total Q2 recurring support revenue of $590 million
increased 7% year-over-year. As George highlighted, our all-flash revenue run rate, which includes both
product and support revenue, eclipsed $3 billion for the first time in the company's history and was up
22% year-over-year.

Public Cloud ARR exited Q2 at $388 million, up 80% year-over-year and 15% sequentially, driven by
strong growth in Azure NetApp Files, Spot and Cloud Insights. Public Cloud revenue recognized in the
quarter was $87 million, up 85% year-over-year. The growing scale of our Public Cloud platform continues
to positively impact the overall growth profile of NetApp, delivering 3 of the 11 points in revenue growth.

Recurring support and Public Cloud revenue of $677 million was up 13% year-over-year, constituting 43%
of total revenue. When combined, Software Product revenue, Recurring Support and Public Cloud revenue
totaled $1.2 billion and increased 13% year-over-year, representing 74% of total revenue, up from 72% in
Q2 '21.

We ended Q2 with $3.9 billion in deferred revenue, an increase of 6% year-over-year. Q2 marks the 15th
consecutive quarter of year-over-year deferred revenue growth, which is the best leading indicator for
continued recurring revenue growth.

Total gross margin was 68%, reflecting the value of our software portfolio and Public Cloud platform.
Total Hybrid Cloud gross margin was also 68% in Q2. Within our Hybrid Cloud segment, product gross
margin was 55% and benefited from the continued mix shift towards software-rich all-flash systems. Our
recurring support business continues to be very profitable, with gross margin of 92%.

Public Cloud gross margin of 71% was accretive to the overall corporate average. We expect Public
Cloud gross margins to continue to trend towards our long-term goal of 75% to 80% as an increasing
percentage of our Public Cloud business will be built on software-only solutions. We recently introduced a
new FSx for ONTAP product with AWS and also closed the CloudCheckr acquisition, both are software-only
offerings and support our long-term margin goal.

Q2 highlighted the tremendous leverage in our operating model, with operating margin of 24%, an all-
time company high. EPS of $1.28 was up 22% year-over-year and also represented a new quarterly
record for the company. Cash flow from operations was $298 million, and free cash flow was $252 million.
DSO in Q2 was an impressive 38 days, highlighting a strong collections process and healthy linearity
throughout the quarter. Year-to-date free cash flow of $443 million is up 43% year-over-year.

During Q2, we repurchased $125 million in stock and paid out $112 million in cash dividends. In total, we
returned $237 million to shareholders, representing 94% of free cash flow. We closed Q2 with $4.5 billion
in cash and short-term investments.

As you all know, the dynamic supply chain headwinds have intensified recently. Our excellent supply chain
and procurement team continues to work closely with our partner ecosystem, with the goal of meeting
as much customer demand as possible. Towards this goal, we will continue to invest incremental dollars
into inventory and longer-term commitments. That said, we do anticipate the supply chain challenges
facing the overall technology industry to impact our product revenue and product gross margins in the
second half of fiscal '22. These supply chain headwinds and our ongoing actions to mitigate them have
been factored into our Q3 and updated full year guidance.

With our strong execution in Q2, the addition of CloudCheckr and a healthy demand pipeline for the
second half of our fiscal year, we are raising our fiscal '22 revenue guidance. We now expect revenues
to grow 9% to 10% year-over-year, even with the challenging supply chain environment. We also have
growing confidence in our expanding Public Cloud opportunity, driven by enhanced go-to-market activities,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NETAPP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 30, 2021

deeper and broader cloud partnerships and continued product innovation. As a result, we are raising the
guidance on our organic Public Cloud ARR with a new range of $475 million to $500 million.

As you know, we closed the CloudCheckr acquisition early in Q3. We anticipate CloudCheckr to contribute
an additional $35 million to $40 million in Public Cloud ARR exiting the year. In total, our new guidance
for exit fiscal '22 Public Cloud ARR is $510 million to $540 million, which at the midpoint, implies a 74%
increase year-over-year.

For fiscal '22, we continue to forecast total gross margin to be approximately 68%. However, the current
supply chain challenges with temporarily higher freight and expedite charges, will pressure product
margins in Q3 and Q4. We now anticipate product margins to be approximately 54% for the full year. We
are reaffirming our full year operating margin guidance of 23% to 24%. We are forecasting operating
expenses to range between $2.795 billion and $2.815 billion, driven by investment in revenue-generating
activities, including expanding our Public Cloud portfolio and investments in both our cloud and customer
success sales teams.

Our new OpEx guidance also includes $10 million per quarter from CloudCheckr. As we discussed at our
Investor Day last September, we remain committed to growing revenue faster than operating expenses.
We are raising our fiscal '22 EPS guidance. We now expect EPS to range between $4.90 and $5.10,
representing 23% year-over-year growth at the midpoint. Implied in this guidance is our expectation that
other income and expense will be a negative $60 million, and our effective tax rate will remain at 19%. We
remain committed to delivering more than $1.2 billion in free cash flow in fiscal '22 as our Hybrid Cloud
business continues to fund the growth in our Public Cloud platform.

Now on to Q3 guidance. We expect Q3 net revenues to range between $1.525 billion and $1.675 billion
which, at the midpoint, implies a 9% increase year-over-year. We anticipate consolidated gross margin to
range between 67% and 68% and operating margin to be approximately 23%. Assumed in this guidance,
our Q3 operating expenses of $705 million to $715 million, which includes CloudCheckr. We expect
earnings per share for Q3 to range between $1.21 and $1.31 per share.

Assumed in our Q3 guidance is our expectation that other income and expense will be a negative $15
million and our tax rate will be approximately 19%.

In closing, I want to thank the entire NetApp team for the outstanding execution in the first half of our
fiscal year. The team stayed focused on our core priorities and we're not distracted by external events out
of their control. We are excited to build on that momentum as we continue to scale a truly differentiated
Public Cloud platform, while maintaining an unwavering focus on the Hybrid Cloud business.

As George mentioned, we plan to host an Investor Day in the spring, where we will further discuss the
long-term value drivers for our shareholders, customers and partners.

I'll now hand it back to Kris to open the call for Q&A. Kris?

Kris Newton
VP of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations
Thanks, Mike. Let's open the call for Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Operator?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NETAPP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 30, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jason Ader with William Blair.

Jason Noah Ader
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

My question for you, George, is as we think about the cloud services business, there's a lot of different
elements within there. You just announced the FSx for NetApp ONTAP. Obviously, Azure NetApp Files is
going well, you have the whole Spot business and now CloudCheckr. I guess it's hard to figure out, from
our perspective, I think, which are going to be the most important, let's call it, 3 to 5 years from now. How
would you help us think about that just in terms of magnitude? And in particular, I'm curious about the
FSx business. I mean how should we be thinking about how important that particular service will be to
your cloud services ARR over time?

George Kurian
CEO & Director

I think, first of all, we saw strong performance this past quarter from all 3 important pieces of our cloud
portfolio, Cloud Volumes, which is cloud storage services; Cloud Insights, which is monitoring; and our
Spot portfolio, which is dynamic optimization of compute and storage in the cloud. All of them had really
strong quarters, and we're really pleased.

In terms of FSx for ONTAP, I will just say that it's very early days, but we are extraordinarily pleased.
Listen, if you look at the cloud file storage market, the public data suggests that Amazon Web Services is
the dominant player in that market and having a needed first-party ONTAP enterprise file storage service
in the Amazon Cloud is an enormous opportunity. We are doing the innovation and the enablement work
to scale that business. We're really pleased with the early results, but we have a long kind of -- we'll see
that play out over the next several quarters, right? Just like Microsoft Azure NetApp Files is now really still
a product for us.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Mike, you sized the profit impact of the supply chain constraints, but what is the impact to product
revenue in the back half? And should we think of any shortfall in revenue just contributing to fiscal '23
growth?

Michael J. Berry
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Thanks for your question, Katy. So let's put it in context a little bit as we did the guidance for the
full year. We feel really good about how Q3 and the fiscal year shaping up. Coming off a really strong
Q2, we've raised the revenue growth, even with the tougher supply chain situation. And we're calling
for growth across both product and cloud. As we said in the prepared remarks, we've baked all of that
into our guidance. We'll work very diligently with our supply chain team, our customers, our partners to
make sure we're able to fulfill as much as we can. But we're not going to break out, hey, what was the
implication of supply chain. Candidly, we don't want to have 2 guidance numbers. We fully baked that in.

As it relates to fiscal '23, we'll have to see how the second half goes, really in terms of does it continue
into our fiscal '23, at what level, and how does it work its way through the rest of this fiscal year.

George Kurian

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NETAPP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 30, 2021

CEO & Director

I think broadly speaking, our team has managed the environment really well. And I think if you look at the
second half guidance, my expectation is you should see continued progression of the first half trends, with
product and cloud services growing quickly and our services business growing a little bit slower than that
in the overall revenue mix.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.

Roderick B. Hall
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Yes, great. I wanted to dig back into the cloud services, George, a little bit. A couple of questions for me.
One thing we've seen in the industry kind of emerging is direct hardware sales into some application in
hyperscalers for low-cost flash storage. And I wonder if -- I know that you're amortizing hardware as a
service sort of in some of these instances. But I wonder if you see an opportunity to maybe directly sell
hardware into some of these things for specific applications?

And I'm also curious just strategically, I know the question was asked earlier, what of these 3 services are
going to be bigger. But where do you take this strategically? Can you give us some way to think about kind
of where you're taking the as a service part of the business, where the opportunities lie, where you think
the most opportunity is?

George Kurian
CEO & Director

Listen, I think with regard to our approach to serve customers, together with the cloud providers, we
look at a broad range of opportunities. I think they don't exist solely in the public cloud. I think you could
see, for example, the -- in my prepared remarks, the commentary on working with Google around a
distributed cloud platform. And so you'll see us continue to broaden the range of innovation opportunities
that we deliver with the hyperscalers, so that we can truly build a hybrid multi-cloud data management
and infrastructure services management platform with them.

I think within the public cloud, there are going to be continued opportunities for substantial growth. I
think, as I said, we feel really, really good about the progress towards the $1 billion ARR targets that
we had laid out. We will share more about the specific updates to our long-term plans at our analyst
conference, right? But let me just say cloud storage is a massive opportunity. Cloud file storage alone is
a very rapidly growing multibillion-dollar opportunity, and we are positioned at the sweet spot of that,
alongside the biggest 3 cloud providers in the world.

Second, cloud compute management and cloud cost management is another massively important
customer priority, and Spot plus CloudCheckr gives us a differentiated platform to go after that set of
use cases. And we see more and more types of workloads collapsing onto these 2 important elements of
Infrastructure as a Service. And Cloud Insights, our monitoring platform helps customers not only deploy
those infrastructure services but also monitor them. So I feel really, really, really good about our cloud
progress.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Karl Ackerman with Cowen.

Karl Ackerman
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I was hoping you could discuss how you plan to integrate CloudCheckr into your Cloud Insights and Spot
portfolio. And as you address that question, as you grow the cloud business towards this $1 billion target
and drive gross margins in the high 70s, should we expect the cloud business can achieve operating

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NETAPP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 30, 2021

margins maybe in line with the corporate average? Or could that actually happen earlier, given the go-to
market appears to be shifting to your cloud partners rather than relying simply on your own sales force?

George Kurian
CEO & Director

Listen, I think with regard to CloudCheckr, what Spot allows customers to do is to optimize their cloud
spend by dynamically deploying cloud computing and storage environments on the most efficient platform
available, right? So we address about 70% of the customer spend using the Spot technology.

What CloudCheckr allows customers to do is to first be able to analyze and prioritize which of those
environments they should move to Spot first and most quickly, so that they can get the best savings. And
then subsequently, also gives them an integrated bill for their entire environment, now optimized with
Spot. So we're excited about what CloudCheckr brings from a technology perspective.

From a route-to-market perspective, it has a strong footprint in public sector and in managed service
providers, who use it as an integrated billing and analytics platform for all of their downstream customers.
And so it expands our reach into the marketplace.

With regard to cloud operating margin, today, we don't break out operating margins. I would just tell you
that we are a highly leveraged operating model for the company. If you look at the first half of this year,
more than 50% of total revenue growth fell to the bottom line. We see the opportunity in cloud to be a
fast-growing, high gross margin opportunity, and we are going to invest to capture that, but we are doing
so while continuing to drive the operating margin profile of the total company. So I'm excited about the
possibilities ahead and the continued increase in margin-rich software and cloud services in our portfolio.
Mike, do you have anything else?

Michael J. Berry
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, George. Karl, I would just add a couple of things to what George said. We do benefit in a
couple of ways as it relates to the cloud business. One is there's a lot of synergies in R&D because, as you
know, ONTAP goes across both of those. So that will help, as you called it, the operating margin, even
though we don't break it out.

The other thing we've talked about is yes, the route-to-market and the hyperscaler sales channel certainly
helps. We also have our own sales team as well. They will get more and more efficient, especially as we
build up that customer success team. So as we look at that $1 billion target, as we've talked about, you
look at the comps that have about $1 billion of ARR. And certainly, those operating margins are very near
our corporate average today.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Steven Fox with Fox Advisors.

Steven Bryant Fox
Fox Advisors LLC

Just one more cloud question for you. George, you talked about how you now have fully integrated
services with all the cloud service providers. How do you think you start to leverage that? Can you sort of
give us a road map for how that builds upon itself and where you would see initial success from having
that full portfolio and then maybe later success?

George Kurian
CEO & Director

Yes. Certainly, we have 3 ways that we drive success in the cloud business. The first is technology
certification and workload expansion. So we work with the cloud providers to qualify more and more and
more workloads that can be best served using our technology. An example that I cited recently is the
VMware cloud in Google now being certified to use NetApp Cloud Volumes as a primary data store, which

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NETAPP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 30, 2021

has enormous benefits to VMware customers of NetApp and VMware to be able to now expand to the cloud
as well as new customers that want to deploy mission-critical environments on the VMware cloud, right?
So that's one, workload certifications and expansions.

The second is additional regions and enablement for the go-to-market engines. You've seen us grow the
Azure NetApp Files business steadily and very successfully over a period of time. Amazon and Google
are behind that, but we know the recipe, and we're working to scale that. And then finally, cross-selling
and upselling a customer once they get on our service, dollar-based net retention rate is a very healthy
179%. It's early days in our customer base. So over time, that should come down, but it shows that once
a customer uses one of our services, they expand dramatically, and then we get to sell them a portfolio of
more services.

So lots of ways to grow our cloud business ahead. We're super excited. And we worked really, really hard
to get here, and we're going to capitalize on the opportunity.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Simon Leopold with Raymond James.

Simon Matthew Leopold
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to see if you could maybe unpack a little bit of the trends you're seeing in the traditional storage
market. In particular, we're seeing very strong growth from your all-flash business, which would imply that
there are assets that are declining and at least one of your competitors seems to be suffering some steep
declines at the high end. I'm wondering if maybe midrange and flash is encroaching on more high-end
performance? And how do you see the subsegments trending for NetApp?

George Kurian
CEO & Director

Yes, absolutely. I think we have said for a long time that mid-range systems with clustering software will
cannibalize the high-end frame array business of some of our competitors. And you are seeing that play
out. The mid-range systems offer the sweet spot from a price performance standpoint for customers.
And with clustering, you can build enormously large environment to consolidate a range of different
workloads, and we expect that trend to continue going forward. The days of the frame array are over, to
be completely transparent. And so we'll continue to see that trend going on over time.

With regard to how these -- within our business, all-flash arrays will have an important and growing
part of the customer's data center. Hybrid flash arrays will continue to have a long-term position in the
data center. So today, in our installed base, for example, all-flash is about 30% of the installed base. We
expect, as more flash technologies come to play, that number to grow to about 70% over time. I think,
however, we do not subscribe to the theory that hard disk drives no longer have value. They will have
enduring value for certain sets of workloads that they are built for, capacity-oriented workloads, backup
and archival media retention, images, things like that. So we feel good about our position in the market.
We're going to stay focused and continue to execute against our all-flash array business and our object
storage business as priorities for the enterprise storage environment.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Nik Todorov with Longbow Research.

Nikolay Todorov
Longbow Research LLC

Congrats on another great quarter. Another question on the hybrid cloud side. It sounds to me that
you're seeing accelerated demand there. So the question is given the supply chain challenges, how much
visibility do you have from a pipeline perspective? I think you talked about seeing a very strong second
half. Also, are you seeing any abnormal backlog at this point? And what kind of impact do you think that
could have on your model in the second half and forward?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NETAPP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 30, 2021

Michael J. Berry
Executive VP & CFO

Nik, it's Mike. Thanks for the question. Yes, we feel very good about the demand environment as we
look at the second half. We certainly have a much better view at this point now of pipeline going into the
second half. And as we've talked about, a lot of what's baked into the guidance is really, a result of supply
chain. Again, we feel really good about the overall demand environment.

There is -- as we look at backlog, there's really been no significant shift there. And I do also want to make
sure we know it. We haven't seen any, what I would call unusual pull-ins either as it relates to purchasing
behavior. On a quarterly basis, there's always pull-ins and pushouts. We haven't seen anything unusual
there either. So going to the second half, I feel really good about what the pipeline looks like and the
buying behavior of our customers. And hopefully, that continues as we go forward into next year.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citigroup.

James Dickey Suva
Citigroup Inc. Exchange Research

George and Mike, now as hopefully, society is getting back to a little bit of more normalcy post the
pandemic, hopefully, can you compare and contrast like the purchasing trends that you're seeing pre
versus post? Is it longer lead times because of the supply chain? Do you think that might be here for
good or more of a push to cloud or all-flash way? I'm just trying to compare and contrast of what you saw
maybe pre-pandemic versus now in the discussions you're having with customers.

George Kurian
CEO & Director

We see continuing trends for digital transformation, hybrid work and hybrid IT. Those have been our long-
term perspective on how business architectures and technology architectures evolve. That has certainly
come sharper into focus with COVID, but they have always been part of the long-term road map of our
customers. We have seen the acceleration of cloud-based environments for certain workloads, especially
workloads like virtual desktops or in schools for the ability for teachers to be able to use cloud-based
environments to conduct classrooms, and we think those will continue and endure going forward as the
future of work remains hybrid.

Within the enterprise storage environment, we've always believed that flash will have a growing part of
the customer data center as the economics of flash and the ability to consolidate and simplify your data
center environment grows. That being said, there are workloads like I've mentioned earlier in the call that
we'll continue to stay on hard drives. And I think the big only draft to flash is now sort of stabilizing and
people understand what flash is going to be used for and understand what HDDs are going to be used for.
And so we see a more steady pattern there.

With regard to lead times and transactions and things like that, as Mike mentioned, we didn't see anything
unusual. We have been able to meet customers through a variety of mechanisms, digital conferences
using video conferencing mechanisms as well as now starting to meet some customers in person. And so
we expect that to continue going forward for a period of time at least.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Tim Long with Barclays.

Timothy Patrick Long
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the pricing environment and strategy, given commodity
moving prices and obviously, inflation that you're facing on the supply chain side. Can you talk a little bit
about how you see that kind of flowing through the model over the next few quarters here? And what do

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NETAPP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 30, 2021

you think competitors will be doing? And will there be any differentiation in how some NetApp and some
of the other -- your peer companies are going to tackle these challenges, in a market where sometimes
pricing is somewhat of a factor?

Michael J. Berry
Executive VP & CFO

Tim, it's Mike. So yes, so thanks for your question. We have not seen much of a change in the pricing
environment. As we've talked about before, it's still a relatively rational market. Every once in a while,
somebody does something to grab a customer or keep one, but that's going to certainly be an unusual
event. As we look forward, look, I won't speak for any of our competitors. I think everybody is looking at
their business saying, "Hey, costs have gone up across the board, especially in freight component costs."

We're all dealing with that. So I do expect that you'll continue to hear folks talk about doing price
increases. I think a lot of this depends on how long we're in this situation. Again, from a NetApp
perspective, we've looked at that. We have implemented a price increase, and we do expect that to start
to have an impact later in our fiscal year. I would expect to continue to see that across our competitors.
But again, I don't want to speak for them. I think a lot of this depends on how long this short supply chain
shortage last and as well our component manufacturers, how they approach the market as well.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank.

Shek Ming Ho
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I have a question on the free cash flow. So based on your full year guidance, it would imply about 60%
of the full year free cash flow will happen in the second half of the fiscal year. That's below the 5-year
average of, call it, about 70%. It's definitely lowest since maybe 2015.

First of all, is my math right? Second, if so, anything you would highlight that may change this cash
flow seasonality? And particularly, do you expect supply constrained being a factor in terms of cash flow
generation?

Michael J. Berry
Executive VP & CFO

All right. Awesome, thanks for the cash flow question, Sidney. So yes, let's talk about it. Let's start at the
top. We did guide for free cash flow, $1.2 billion or greater. So let's do operating cash first. That would
imply full year operating cash of, call it, $1.425 billion. To your point, we've already generated $540
million. So what you saw in Q2 was a record for us, low DSOs.

We had a great collections quarter in Q2, that did pull forward some collections into Q2. So as we look
at the second half of '22, you should expect to see the seasonality, as you called it, be a little bit lower
in the second half because of the really strong Q2, still getting to at least that $1.4 billion operating cash
number.

As on your question about supply chain, we have baked in an assumption that we'll continue to invest in
inventory. You saw that our inventory turns went from 17 in Q1 to 13 in Q2. That was planned. We talked
about that with you folks as well for the last couple of quarters. So -- and we have baked that into our
assumption. Going forward, I think you should expect to see kind of the seasonal averages return. Again,
it was just in a very, very good Q2 from a collections perspective, and I wouldn't expect that to continue
into the future. So again, thanks for that question. Hopefully, that answers your question.

Shek Ming Ho
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

It does.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NETAPP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 30, 2021

Our next question comes from the line of Nehal Chokshi with Northland Capital.

Nehal Sushil Chokshi
Northland Capital Markets, Research Division

Congrats on the strong Public Cloud services. That's great to see. On the overall business, billings did
decelerate pretty materially on a year-over-year basis. Can you talk to what were the dynamics behind
that? And then why do you say you feel good about the pipeline given the billings?

Michael J. Berry
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So thanks for that, Nehal. So as we talked about in Q1, billings grew by about 20%. In Q2, billings
grew by about 7%. Keep in mind that on a year-to-date basis, right around 12% to 13% growth. That
number is going to jump around a little bit each quarter based on the dynamics of deferred revenue as
well as FX as well. So we calculate billings as net revenue in the quarter and then quarter-over-quarter
change in deferred, excluding the impact of FX in deferred. So that's going to move the numbers a little
bit. There's a little bit of seasonality to that.

So looking forward, we would expect to continue to see billings overall, grow at or above the revenue
number. And again, I would encourage you, take a look at the year-to-date number or the trailing 12
months. Billings will jump around a little bit based on the components of our billings. Mix matters as well
as seasonality.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Securities, Research Division

Yes. On your guide for Q3 and Q4, maybe you can express this a little differently on the puts and takes
from Q3 to Q4 trajectory. Are you expecting component issues to be resolved through Q3 and that drives
better seasonality, Q3 to Q4? Or is there something else, like a better pipeline or for Q4, Mike, you also
mentioned increased pricing as well. So maybe you could bridge Q3 to Q4, that would be helpful.

George Kurian
CEO & Director

Q4 is the finish of our fiscal year. As you might know, we run a semiannual plan. And so we had a
strong Q2, and we'll have a strong Q4. So that reflects the seasonality in our business, driven by our
compensation planning as well as customer buying through the year.

I think with regard to margins, I'll have Mike cover that in terms of the supply chain and the margin
profile. I would just tell you we do not expect a near-term resolution of the supply situation. What we
have seen through excellent execution with our teams and our partners is that component costs for the
full year are largely flat year-on-year. There are some elements of the components that are up year-on-
year and others that are down year-on-year. But as we have said before, component costs are largely flat
on a year-on-year basis.

I think what we see is really the expedite and freight costs that are at a premium now. And that is
reflected in the pricing lift that we have implemented at the start of November and which will take some
time to flow through our systems. I'll let Mike characterize.

Michael J. Berry
Executive VP & CFO

Great. Thank you, George. And just to add to that, on the specific question, Wamsi, if you go from Q3 to
Q4, a couple of things to keep in mind. One is the services revenue will continue to grow. You're going to
see cloud support, hopefully, professional services. That adds to that quarter-on-quarter growth.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NETAPP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 30, 2021

As we look at Q4 versus Q3, to George's point, always our seasonally high quarter. We're doing a lot of
work, not only in supply chain, but in engineering and other things to make sure that we can deliver as
much as we can in Q4 and then certainly, the price increase, it will take a little bit of time to work its way
through the system. So add all those together, and that's what added up into our guidance, our implied
guide for Q3 and Q4.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with Evercore.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Perfect. I guess the question is around the cloud services business. George, I was just wondering how
-- when you think of the AWS partnership, and I know it's somewhat in the early stages, how would you
stack that up against Azure at this time? Just anything in terms of number of pilots or the workloads that
you're doing with AWS right now versus what you did with Azure.

And then really, when I think about this $1 billion road map that you'd given us a while back, did you
envision an AWS partnership, especially how fully integrated NetApp is on the console and the fact
that AWS is proactively selling NetApp. Did you envision all this in the $1 billion road map? Or is this
incremental to that narrative?

George Kurian
CEO & Director

Listen, I think, first of all, AWS and Azure have enormous scale and reach into the customer base. These
are $1 trillion corporations with enormous impact on the IT market, and we are honored to work with both
of them. They have different approaches to the customer base and different ways and different strengths.
And so we're excited to work with Amazon and Microsoft.

I think the overall opportunity set reflects their scale in the market, right? So Amazon has massive market
presence and market share.

I think in the file space, they are a very large part of the files market. So the fact that we have a play
with them, gives us enormous scale into the file storage market. I think we are -- from an execution
standpoint, listen, we've learned a lot over the last few years. We know what it takes to scale a business.
And we've done that in partnership with Microsoft. We continue to scale that with innovation and co-
engineering and go-to-market. But we are also taking some of those lessons learned into how we can
scale other services more quickly.

With regard to the $1 billion plan, listen, we always believed that we would be working with multiple
hyperscalers. I don't think you should assume that we were carving enough to say that we have that in
the bag, but we had that as part of our road map, and we're honored to have the partnership with AWS.
I think as I said, I feel very, very good about where we are in our road map to $1 billion. We'll tell you
more about the timing and the mix and all of that when we get to Analyst Day, right? But I feel really good
about where we are.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah with Loop Capital.

Ananda Prosad Baruah
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

George and Mike, I guess, on lines on the business model, how do you guys think about the interplay or
the trade-off maybe -- interplay/trade-off now that the margins continue to expand? I think you guys
are actually absorbing like 100 to 200 basis points of op margin sort of expense, supply chain kind of
components, et cetera, which really has the margins already be in the mid-20%, current 25%, 25% or so.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NETAPP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 30, 2021

How do you guys think about the interplay between investing in growth, investing in M&A as the margins
continue to go up seemingly towards 30%? Appreciate it.

Michael J. Berry
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So great question. So as we've talked about for the last couple of years is our goal is to continue to
invest in the business to drive growth, being fully cognizant of investing in operating expense and COGS at
a lower rate than revenue to drive up margins.

You saw an incredible, really operating leverage so far this year. And if you take the midpoint of the guide,
revenue is up almost $550 million year-over-year on 118 or 120, pick your favorite number, OpEx number.
So we're continuing to drive really good scale while investing in the business. We will continue to do that
going forward, very much focused not only on where we need to invest, but what is that return. That's
why we're so focused on cloud as well as incremental sales and product development. So you should
expect to see us continue to invest going forward.

Now outside of OpEx, we've talked about it before. We will continue to be active in M&A, and we're still
allocating at least 30% of our free cash flow, plus we have a very nice cash balance and a lot of flexibility
on the balance sheet to fund acquisitions. So yes, you should expect to see us continue to increase OpEx
to drive growth as well as be active in the M&A market.

Ananda Prosad Baruah
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

So it sounds like opportunity to keep accelerating revenue growth, expanding margins and get bigger in
M&A as the free cash flow goes up, Mike?

Michael J. Berry
Executive VP & CFO

And doesn't that sound like fun? That's exactly what we're focused on.

Operator

Our final question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I guess my question was just following up on the pricing discussion earlier. You mentioned you've taken
some pricing and the flow through would take a bit of time. Just how should we think about the stickiness
of those price increases? Are they, as supply chain kind of eases, do those prices increases have competed
away? And I'm just trying to think how much of a benefit can they be like the next fiscal year as they take
time to flow into the P&L? Or how sticky can they be?

Michael J. Berry
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Great question. So as you look at the rest of this fiscal year, and I'll work it into next year, you
shouldn't really expect to see much of a benefit in Q3. There's a lot of [ codes ] in flight. It takes a while
for that to take effect. So we expect to start to see some of that in Q4.

And as we roll into '23, I think it depends on a lot of things, the earlier question on what are your
competitors doing, what's the overall pricing environment, what happens with component costs and
freight. I think there's a lot in that for us to be able to say, hey, we think X amount sticks. Certainly, we
are very disciplined around our pricing, and we want to ensure that we are doing the right things for our
customers while we are taking care of covering our costs as well. So we'll be very focused on it. We'll talk
to you as we guide to next year on the impact of that. But I did want to be clear just on the impact of '22.

George Kurian

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NETAPP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 30, 2021

CEO & Director

Thank you. We have delivered a solid first half with great operating leverage in our business model as we
grow revenues and margins. We're gaining share in the key markets of all-flash and object storage, while
rapidly scaling our Public Cloud business. The innovation we bring to market and our unique and deep
cloud partnerships position us well to execute against the significant opportunity ahead. We increased
our full year guidance for revenue, EPS and Public Cloud ARR, driven by the outperformance in Q2, the
addition of CloudCheckr and a healthy demand pipeline for the second half of our fiscal year.

Thank you. I look forward to speaking with you all again next quarter and at our upcoming Investor Day in
March.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

NETAPP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 30, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

