Newell Brands Inc. NasdaqGS:NWL
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, May 01, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.05

0.09

80.00

0.35

0.80

1.45

Revenue  (mm)

1902.65

1886.00

(0.88 %)

2175.82

8457.70

9301.94

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-01-2020 3:00 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.36

0.55

0.37

0.05

0.45

0.73

0.42

0.09

25.00 %

32.73 %

13.51 %

80.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher H. Peterson
CFO & President of Business
Operations

Nancy O'Donnell
Senior Vice President of
Investor Relations & Corporate
Communications

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Joseph Nicholas Altobello
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Olivia Tong
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Rupesh Dhinoj Parikh
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

William Bates Chappell
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the Newell Brands First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. A live webcast of this call is available at
ir.newellbrands.com.

I will now turn the call over to Nancy O'Donnell, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. O'Donnell,
you may begin.

Nancy O'Donnell
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Newell Brands' first quarter earnings call. On the call
with me today are Ravi Saligram, our President and CEO; and Chris Peterson, our CFO and President,
Business Operations.

Before we begin, I'd like to inform you that during the course of today's call, we will be making forward-
looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results and outcomes may differ
materially. I refer you to the cautionary language and risk factors available in our press release and our
Form 10-Q for a further discussion of factors affecting forward-looking statements.

Please also recognize that today's remarks will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including
those we refer to as normalized measures. We believe these non-GAAP measures are useful to investors,
although they should not be considered superior to the measures presented in accordance with GAAP.
Explanations of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures can
be found in today's earnings release and tables as well as on Newell's Investor Relations website. Thank
you.

And now I'll turn the call over to Ravi.

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Nancy. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to the call. We hope you and your families
are safe. These are indeed extraordinary times. I want to recognize and thank my Newell colleagues who
stepped up as we battle COVID-19.

I'm proud of our front line workers in our manufacturing and distribution facilities as well as our associates
who are working from home. The teams have done a tremendous job of supporting those in need during
this trying time and have donated a large variety of products globally, including gloves, masks, wet wipes,
baby gear, heated blankets, water bottles, food storage containers and writing and craft products. In fact,
one of our teams designed a face shield for use by doctors and nurses. We're in the process of donating
30,000 units to hospitals in the communities in which we work and live. I am impressed and humbled by
the entire Newell family's efforts.

On our call today, I'll share how the COVID-19 crisis is impacting our business as well as the actions we
are taking to adapt to the current environment and to position ourselves for success as the country and
world begin to reopen. Chris will discuss our first quarter results, provide a supply chain update and share
some observations on our financial strategy.

We have developed 3 key priorities to position Newell for success as we manage through these turbulent
and uncertain times. The first is unequivocally a focus on the safety and well-being of our employees. Our
people are being asked to work differently, and they are rising to the occasion. We have implemented a
mandatory work-from-home policy for professional, clerical and administrative employees. All noncritical
business travel is prohibited. And we've temporarily closed all our Yankee Candle retail stores.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

To support our front line workers, we have implemented a temporary hourly pay increase, a weekly bonus
program for supervisors and additional emergency paid sick days in the U.S. and certain geographies.
We've also instituted more rigorous hygiene and cleaning protocols across all our manufacturing plants
and DCs, including provision of face masks and shields, temperature checks and implementation of social
distancing protocols where possible. Through these practices, we are striving to ensure that our Newell
associates are safe and that we're able to deliver our products safely to the customers and consumers who
need them.

Our second priority during the crisis is working diligently to keep our manufacturing facilities operating
where possible. Across the globe, many of our factories and distribution centers have been deemed
essential and remain open. But we've had to temporarily suspend operations in 20 facilities, notably
Yankee Candle in Massachusetts, the Writing plant in Mexicali and Sistema in New Zealand to comply with
local government guidelines. Supply disruptions have been a significant factor, contributing to our April
sales declines. We are working diligently to reopen all our plants and DCs as shelter-in-place orders get
lifted.

Our third priority is business continuity and sustaining the company's financial vitality with a laser focus on
maximizing cash flow and ensuring strong liquidity.

Let me provide some context for you. We began the first quarter with good momentum coming off strong
progress against our turnaround plan in 2019. Through February, we were ahead of plan on all key
financial metrics and even recorded modest core sales growth. But as shelter-in-place practices increased
rapidly around the globe beginning in March, we began to see both significant pressures on our retail
customers and changes in consumer purchasing patterns. The biggest impact has been the sweeping
change in the retail landscape.

On the positive side, our largest customers in mass and online channels are actually seeing a surge in
sales as their retail locations remain open for the most part, and the shift to e-commerce has accelerated
dramatically. Our own sales through many of these customers are benefiting from these trends. Our global
e-commerce penetration went up from 13% in the first quarter of 2019 to 17% in Q1 2020. Our online
POS penetration in Q1 was up to 30%, up 500 bps versus prior year. These trends have continued into the
second quarter. We estimate that April penetration reached approximately 37%, up 900 bps, and that April
online sales are up approximately 30% versus prior year. Year-to-date through April, online sales were up
an estimated 20%. The strength we have built in e-commerce is allowing us to leverage the accelerating
channel shift to online post-COVID.

However, on the negative side, most secondary and tertiary customers, especially specialty retailers and
department stores, have closed their brick-and-mortar doors, which has translated to a sharp decline
in retail orders, more than offsetting the growth in mass and e-commerce. At the same time, consumer
purchase patterns were significantly disrupted, shifting towards categories that support stay-at-home
consumer usage occasions. Some of our brands have benefited, including Ball fresh preserving, FoodSaver
vacuum sealing brands, some of our small appliances and more recently, Rubbermaid food storage.

Rubbermaid Commercial Products also saw an improved top line trajectory in the first quarter with strong
demand for washroom and commercial hand sanitizer products as well as cleaning and maintenance
equipment. But customers are not shopping as frequently in the Writing, Outdoor & Recreation, Home
Security and Baby categories, resulting in some cases declines in double digits. To illustrate this point,
sales of toddler's car seats are down because people are not driving as much.

In the month of April, the supply chain disruptions, the retail closures and the consumer purchase pattern
shifts contributed to an estimated sales decline in the 25% sales range, which has informed our call out
for a challenging second quarter. Having said that, on a positive note, overall, new POS declines have been
sequentially reducing every week in the last 4 weeks. In fact, this week, our POS grew in the low teens.
This week's trend may also be related to the issuance of federal stimulus checks.

While there's much uncertainty out there, our expectation is that the second half of the year top line
will be much improved versus current trends as our manufacturing facilities reopen, countries around
the world begin to lift restrictions and consumers return to more normal purchase patterns. Why do

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

we believe that to be the case? First, a meaningful portion of the sales decline is due to the supply
chain disruption. For example, shipments in the Home Fragrance category were significantly curtailed in
April, in large part due to supply chain constraints caused by the closure of our South Deerfield Yankee
Candle plant and DC and closure of our retail stores. However, POS for our Yankee Candle, WoodWick
and Chesapeake Bay offerings at the retailers who remain open is growing dramatically, and in some
cases, more than doubling, indicating that consumer demand for some of our products is increasing in
this product of nesting. Our social listening platforms indicate that many consumers are burning candles
for a lot longer to bring about a sense of calm. Retailer dot-com across most retailers and our own DTC
site is also growing significantly. So we're optimistic that as the country begins to reopen and we return to
production, our Home Fragrance sales trends will improve sequentially versus a challenged second quarter.

A similar dynamic is playing out in Writing, where early Q2 sales suffered due to shortfalls caused by
school, university and office closures. This was further exacerbated by the closure of our Mexicali Writing
facility. As we gradually are able to come back to full capacity in that facility, the supply chain constraint
will be lifted. The big sales season for Writing is still in front of us and all our retail customers are currently
planning for back-to-school and have already placed orders. Unless there's a major second wave, we
should expect students to return to school in the fall and workers to return to offices sometime this
summer, and they'll want to stock up on supplies as they normally do.

We are seeing another encouraging data point in our Appliances & Cookware business. In past economic
downturns, we have seen consumer spending on food shift from out-of-home to in-home, which has
driven growth in small kitchen appliance categories, particularly value offerings. Since mid-March, we
have seen 6 straight weeks of sequential improvement in our U.S. Appliances & Cookware POS trends with
growth in Mr. Coffee bread makers, air purifiers, heating pads, et cetera, an encouraging trend which we
hope is an early sign this dynamic may be playing out again.

And lastly, in the past week or so, we're seeing stay-at-home restrictions lifting in the U.S. and
internationally and many businesses beginning to plan for reopening, which is happening. We'll see how
it plays out, of course, but we're encouraged by these early signs of a return to somewhat more normal
times.

While we're optimistic for sequential improvement in top line trends in the back half, we're nevertheless
aware that there remains a lot of uncertainty about the strength and pace of an economic recovery.
Therefore, in light of that uncertainty, we're planning prudently. We're implementing strict cost control
measures to protect profitability. Approximately 5,000 of our employees have been furloughed, primarily
in retail operations and in areas of supply chain that have been disrupted. We have also instituted a hiring
freeze for noncritical roles. We're tightening control over indirect and bought costs and are benefiting
from reduced T&E spend as employees work from home. On the supply chain front, we're moving ahead
full force on Project FUEL to drive productivity savings. Importantly, we're applying even more rigorous
discipline to conserve cash with the processes put in place last year as part of our turnaround plan,
serving as a solid foundation to build on. We continue to be a strong cash generator and we are confident
in Newell Brands' strong financial position. We believe we have sufficient liquidity and flexibility to navigate
through this volatile period.

In times of crisis, we have to act swiftly. We have to be agile and nimble. To that end, we have identified 5
levers to protect and bolster the company's financial vitality in 2020 despite the challenges and to position
the company to emerge from this crisis as a stronger company.

The first lever is that we are working diligently to maximize revenue in the retailers and categories that
are growing. For example, our Food business has been the fastest-growing category for the company
over the past several months. Specifically, estimated year-to-date sales are up mid-teens and POS is
up approximately 25%. This momentum should continue in the second half as a result of significant
distribution wins at several major retailers where we have expanded facings. We also have several
significant new products in Food launching in the second half supported by direct TV, online video
programming and social media. Our commercial business is also poised to have a strong second half.
We have a strong order book, and we believe we'll be able to fulfill these orders in Q3 and Q4 as supply

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

constraints ease. We just learned that our plant in Ipoh, Malaysia, which produces our Mapa products, is
about to reopen.

Our second lever is adjusting and optimizing our advertising and promotion spending. We will cut spending
in categories that are not growing and will shift spending to later quarters and transfer ad spend to online
and digital and social vehicles.

The third lever is scrutinizing our overhead spend and strictly controlling expenses. We've already
implemented a hiring freeze, canceled our internship programs. And we'll evaluate ways of getting closer
to overhead benchmarks we mentioned at CAGNY faster.

Fourth, we are fast-tracking Project FUEL initiatives in 2020. In an environment where sales are
pressured, improving productivity becomes paramount. We are laser focused on executing against existing
plans to make our manufacturing plants, procurement and distribution centers even more efficient.

And lastly, we are currently assessing ways to better leverage our already robust e-commerce capabilities
where we believe we have a lot of runway for growth across our portfolio. We believe we have a strong
opportunity to grow with Amazon, where we're gaining market share, increasing penetration at key
retailer dot-coms and expanding penetration into various specialty retailer dot-coms.

Let me now share news of a new executive appointment that is important to our long-term agenda. Mike
Hayes has joined us as Newell's Chief Customer Officer. This is a critical role I've been looking to fill since
I arrived at Newell. And with Mike, I think we have found the ideal candidate. Mike joins us from Georgia
Pacific, where he served as Senior Vice President, Sales & Sales Strategy. As Chief Sales Officer for the
consumer business, he ran a $6 billion consumer POS business, comprising brands such as Angel Soft,
Quilted Northern, Brawny, Vanity Fair and Sparkle. Mike has a track record of strong leadership and driving
strong sales and market share growth in highly competitive categories. His near-term priorities are: first,
to create a more unified enterprise go-to-market approach with our top customers and cement top-to-top
relationships; second, to create an enterprise team to rapidly close distribution gaps in important dollar
stores, club, grocery and drug channels; third, to take omnichannel skill set to the next level with our
sales force; and fourth, to increase the use of data analytics.

In conclusion, we've signaled a challenging quarter ahead. I believe that we will sequentially improve in
the second half of the year. Our brands have leading positions, are trusted by consumers and performed
well during the last recession. Our newly formed executive team is extremely capable and is committed
to effectively leading Newell through the COVID crisis and its aftermath while positioning the company for
long-term success and rebuilding shareholder value.

With that, I'll now pass the call on to Chris.

Christopher H. Peterson
CFO & President of Business Operations

Thanks, Ravi, and good morning, everyone. I would like to join Ravi in expressing gratitude to all of our
employees, particularly those on the front lines who have demonstrated courage, extreme resilience and
dedication in these unprecedented times.

Before discussing Q1 results, I want to provide additional color on the company's supply chain. I'm proud
of the job our teams have done in keeping facilities open where possible, shoring up additional capacity
where needed, putting in place rigorous cleaning and safety protocols to keep our employees safe and
ensuring continuity of supply on direct materials and sourced finished goods as well as protective gear for
our employees.

As it relates to China, following a slower start-up in factories after the Chinese New Year's, we are pleased
to share that Newell's suppliers in the region have rebounded nicely and are now almost back to full
capacity. While the company's supply chain is largely operational, we have been experiencing considerable
disruption toward the end of Q1 and thus far in Q2. Newell Brands operates 135 manufacturing and
distribution facilities around the world, of which 20 were or are temporarily closed due to government
guidelines, with another 11 experiencing high levels of disruption. The most significant of these temporary

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

closures include our Home Fragrance plant and distribution center in South Deerfield, Massachusetts,
which has been shut down as of late March; and our Mexicali Writing facility, which shut down about 3
weeks ago and is now on a phased reopening schedule.

While a diversified global supply chain helps to lessen the risk posed by these disruptions, unfortunately,
it does not fully eliminate the impact. To mitigate supply chain risk and better meet the needs of our
consumers, we have taken a number of significant actions, including improving employee safety in our
facilities by restructuring workspaces to ensure social distancing, enhancing cleaning and safety protocols,
temperature monitoring, revised sick pay policies and increased use of personal protective equipment,
engaging with local jurisdictions on all available options for factories and distribution centers that have
been impacted by shutdowns while adhering to the guidelines, pivoting our supply chain to consumer and
customer demand shifts by ramping up manufacturing capacity and inventory build on high velocity A and
B SKUs while simultaneously reducing supply on lower velocity C and D SKUs to minimize working capital
tied up in inventory while improving customer service on the most in-demand items and activating plans
for accessing alternate sources of supply to ensure fulfillment of critical material needs. Based on what we
know today, we expect supply chain disruptions to have a material short-term impact on Q2, particularly
in the Writing and Home Fragrance businesses.

Now let's switch gears to Q1 results. Despite a more significant headwind from COVID-19 than we
anticipated, the company's first quarter performance was in line with or ahead of guidance across all key
metrics. Q1 was truly a tale of two cities. Through the end of February, we generated positive core sales
growth due to a stronger-than-anticipated start to the year. In March, as the COVID-19 pandemic spread
globally, countries increased social distancing and shelter-in-place mandates. This significantly impacted
the company's business in 3 primary areas: supply chain disruption, retail store closures and consumer
and customer demand shifts.

Net sales for the quarter declined 7.6% versus year ago to $1.9 billion driven by a 5.1% reduction in core
sales and unfavorable currency. We estimate COVID-19 to have negatively impacted core sales growth
by about 3.5%. There were some bright spots in the quarter. Three business units, Food, Commercial
and Baby, grew core sales in the quarter versus the prior year. We drove strong double-digit growth in e-
commerce as consumers shifted purchases online.

Normalized gross margin improved 110 basis points year-over-year to 32.8% as cost savings from
productivity initiatives and pricing more than offset headwinds from mix, tariffs, inflation and foreign
exchange. Disciplined focus on productivity, overhead cost savings and complexity reduction more than
offset planned higher advertising spending, driving a better-than-expected normalized operating margin in
Q1, which contracted 10 basis points versus last year to 6.0%.

Debt paydown over the last 12 months reduced the company's net interest expense by $17 million versus
last year. The normalized tax rate was 7.1%. Normalized diluted earnings per share from continuing
operations improved by $0.01 year-over-year to $0.09. Since we completed the divestiture program in
2019, there was no contribution from discontinued operations this quarter as compared to $0.04 in the
year ago period.

Now let's move to segment results. Core sales for the Learning & Development segment declined 5.5%
as growth in Baby was more than offset by a reduction in core sales for Writing, which was one of the
hardest-hit businesses in March. Performance for the Food and Commercial segment was quite strong in
Q1 as core sales increased 5.2%, with both business units driving this result. Food came into Q1 with solid
momentum and experienced heightened demand, particularly within the fresh preserving and vacuum
sealing categories as the shelter-in-place measures started to take hold. The Commercial business was
also a beneficiary from increased consumption of sanitizing and cleaning supplies.

Core sales for the Home & Outdoor Living segment declined 11.3%, reflecting challenges across all 3
businesses. The Home Fragrance unit was significantly impacted by the temporary closures of Yankee
Candle stores effective March 17 as well as many specialty retail customers. Consumption behavior for
Connected Home & Security and Outdoor & Recreation businesses was meaningfully disrupted in the first
quarter and weighed on the performance of each business.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Core sales for the Appliances & Cookware segment declined 8.5% as a recent pickup in U.S. consumer
demand to help meet amplified at-home cooking needs was more than offset by a pullback of orders from
customers whose brick-and-mortar doors have been temporarily closed and international markets where
shelter-in-place orders were mandated.

Now let's switch gears to cash flow, which is one of the highlights during the quarter as a result of our
rigorous focus on all aspects of working capital management. Newell Brands generated positive operating
cash flow of $23 million in the seasonally slow first quarter, which represents a $223 million improvement
versus last year with progress across receivables, inventory and payables. This represents a 27-day
improvement to the company's cash conversion cycle compared to year ago and is the first time in a
decade the company delivered positive operating cash flow in the first quarter. While last year as part of
the turnaround plan, we put in place a disciplined and methodical approach to reducing the company's
cash conversion cycle. These efforts have never been more imperative than they are now. Cash is king,
and we are doubling down on our actions to reduce complexity, shrink working capital and enhance free
cash flow across the organization.

In the first quarter, we took another 5% or about 4,000 SKUs out of the system, ending at less than
70,000 or about a 31% reduction from the starting point in 2018. We have tasked the teams to push
much harder on this going forward. With a significant change in the demand profile across the businesses,
early on, we modified our planning processes to ensure we're being agile in optimizing inventory purchase
and build plans, focusing production on high-velocity SKUS. We are also looking at opportunities to more
aggressively liquidate excess and obsolete inventory. These efforts should help us more effectively manage
the supply chain and drive cash. And we are continuing to push on extending payment terms with our
suppliers. We have taken decisive actions in terms of cost structure, cash generation and complexity
reduction to position Newell Brands on a stronger footing as we emerge from the pandemic.

Newell Brands ended Q1 in a strong liquidity position with $476 million in cash and cash equivalents, an
increase of $127 million from last quarter end. In addition, the company has a revolving credit facility with
$1.2 billion of untapped capacity as of quarter end. Together, this gives the company about $1.7 billion of
short-term liquidity. Thus far in the second quarter, the company remains in a strong liquidity position. We
have preemptively drawn $125 million on the revolver with remaining capacity of $1.1 billion and continue
to hold an above average level of cash and cash equivalents. We are focused on maintaining Newell's
strong liquidity position and believe we have sufficient flexibility to manage the company's cash needs in
these unprecedented times.

Given the wide range of possible outcomes from the pandemic, we think it's prudent to regularly evaluate
the company's capital structure and capital allocation strategy. Our objective is to maximize value for
shareholders while ensuring the safe, continuous operation of the company in a range of potential
scenarios. We plan to maintain the dividend for the upcoming quarter. We remain committed to delevering
the company's balance sheet over time, although COVID-19 will put short-term pressure on the company's
leverage ratio.

The company has withdrawn its previously announced guidance for 2020 as there are simply too many
unknowns at this time surrounding the severity and duration of COVID-19 as well as the trajectory and
pace of economic recovery. We currently expect a material negative headwind from COVID-19 in the
second quarter, both on the top and bottom line. For context, in April, we estimate that sales were down
approximately 25%, with Writing, Home Fragrance and Outdoor & Recreation being the most significantly
affected. A little more than half of this decline was due to supply chain disruption and retail store closures.
On the bottom line, an expected sharp revenue decline in the second quarter will put significant negative
pressure on operating margins due to fixed cost deleveraging despite the proactive actions we are
taking to reduce costs. We expect results to improve sequentially following the second quarter as plants,
distribution centers and retail stores begin to reopen.

While consumer shopping patterns have certainly been disrupted in recent months and they continue to
evolve daily, we have noticed a sequential pickup in demand for more discretionary products in recent
weeks. It is too early to call this a trend, but we are cautiously optimistic. Although the world has changed
in recent months, we are staying close to our consumers and customers to ensure we are meeting their

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

needs. At the same time, we are taking significant and decisive actions to safeguard the health and well-
being of our employees, maintain business continuity and emerge from the crisis as a stronger company.

Nancy, please open it up for Q&A.

Nancy O'Donnell
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications
Okay. Thanks, Chris. [Operator Instructions] And operator, at this time, we're ready for the questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Bill Chappell with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.

William Bates Chappell
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Just, I guess, breaking down the near-term weakness and then kind of how you look at it going forward.
I mean, can you parse how much was supply disruption versus how much was retail closure? And then on
the retail closure, do you see any risk? Are you factoring any risk of some of those smaller tertiary retail
outlets maybe going under over the next 6 months and just kind of any exposure there?

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

Chris, why don't you take that?

Christopher H. Peterson
CFO & President of Business Operations

Sure. So I would say what we saw in the month of April and what we're seeing since the pandemic started
is, as I mentioned, a little more than half of the impact of the more recent revenue trend is really as a
result of the supply chain disruption and the retail store closures. Within that, the retail store closure
impact is slightly bigger than the supply chain disruption. I think we view both of these as temporary
dynamics in nature because if you look at the underlying consumption trend, it is a much stronger picture
than the shipment trend that we're seeing.

The other thing I would say is that, although we expect these 2 impacts to have a material negative
impact on Q2, we do expect to improve sequentially as we get to Q3 and beyond. And so we think that
the impact that we're seeing, it's hard to predict the duration, which is why we pulled guidance, but we do
believe it's temporary. And we think that we're well positioned to come out of the pandemic in a stronger
footing.

William Bates Chappell
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

And Chris, the retail base?

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

And Chris, you want to address the -- there was a follow-up Bill had on specialty retailers. Do you want
me to take it or do you want to do it?

Christopher H. Peterson
CFO & President of Business Operations

Yes. On the specialty retail side, the specialty retail channel for us represents about a mid-teens percent of
our total revenue. And what we're seeing there is that business at our largest retailers is up as consumers
are shopping more in those categories and we're growing in those categories. The order patterns at
the specialty channel are down dramatically as many of them have had closed stores. But we think our
brands are strong enough where the consumer has plenty of access to our brands across the multitude of
channels in which we operate.

We also, as Ravi mentioned, have recently hired a Chief Sales Officer. And we think we're underpenetrated
and have distribution opportunities in some of the channels like dollar and drug and so forth. We don't
believe that we have significant receivable collection risk from the specialty retailers that we're in, and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

we're monitoring that very closely. But typically, our business is in the specialty retailers that are the
strongest capitalized within that sector.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Great. I guess stepping back from the here and now, I would think a lot of what you're doing, things like
leaning into online initiatives, simplifying SKU sets, accelerating the focus on cash and cost, all of those
things seem very consistent with what your long-term strategies and prioritizations are. So I guess to
the extent that we hopefully bounce back from this on the faster side of expectations, is there a scenario
where you can actually emerge from this ahead of where you might have otherwise been operationally,
if not financially, again, talking about '21, '22? If so, is there a way you can put any parameters around
that?

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

Let me kick that off. So Steve, absolutely. So look, in fact, first thing is, I think we're going to be able
to better navigate through this crisis because of all the foundational elements that we've put in place in
the turnaround plan. Second, we have created an absolutely terrific leadership team, and every one of
them is used to turnarounds. That was part of the criteria for selection, but also people who could build
for tomorrow. They're all here to leave a legacy of taking Newell to the next level. So the crisis, though,
what it does is brings even more sense of urgency to take the decisions that we are taking. It gets you
very focused and you have to be very decisive.

So at CAGNY, you may recall, Chris outlined some parameters on how investors can expect sort of
Newell in the long term. And we still remain committed to that. The fundamental tenets that inform that
framework remain in place. And we're going about this. So we're addressing every aspect, the P&L, the
balance sheet, cash flow. And yes, temporarily, COVID creates issues, which are out of our control, but we
are putting a lot more focus on everything that we can control and going after them.

And the last thing, Steve, I'd say is, if there is one redeeming feature of this crisis, it has brought the
Newell employees together. As you may recall, there was some culture issues, engagement issues, so on.
We sort of see that as bygone days. Our team, our employees have got unified. We've galvanized them.
And they're going to be a great source of strength in order for us to drive innovation, to get costs in order,
to drive cash flow, et cetera.

Operator

Your next question comes from Rupesh Parikh with Oppenheimer.

Rupesh Dhinoj Parikh
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

So Chris, I guess just going back to your comments just on operating margins, significant impact
potentially in Q2. Is there a better way to frame the impact on operating margin if sales are down, let's
just say, 25% for the quarter? I guess I'm just trying to get a better sense of fixed versus variable costs
more so in your gross margin line.

Christopher H. Peterson
CFO & President of Business Operations

Yes. So just maybe to help on that. We view all of our cost as variable in the long term. But obviously, in
the short term, they're not variable. And so to sort of help with a generic modeling exercise, about 15%
of our cost of goods are fixed in the short term. It varies a little bit from category to category, but 15% is
a pretty good rule of thumb to use. And about 2/3 of our SG&A cost is fixed in the short term. And so if

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

you use those as sort of the fixed numbers and flex the balance with the sales line, that will get you pretty
close to a margin impact associated with different revenue scenarios.

The only other thing I would add that may help in this exercise is, since we gave guidance at the
beginning of the year, foreign exchange has gotten worse. The dollar has strengthened by about 200 basis
points versus the guidance we gave at the beginning of the year. So the difference between core sales
growth and all-in sales growth that we had expected at the beginning of the year of about 100 basis points
is now about 300 basis points. However, we don't expect that, that will have a material impact on the
margin line because although the FX impact has gone negative, it's largely been offset with reduction in
inflationary and commodity prices. And so that impact is more of a top line impact than a margin impact.

Operator

Your next question comes from Joe Altobello with Raymond James & Associates.

Joseph Nicholas Altobello
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Wanted to go back to the commentary regarding January and February and core sales being up modestly
through Feb. I'm trying to understand what businesses were doing well pre-COVID as opposed to post-
COVID. And then maybe secondly, Ravi, you mentioned earlier that you are planning for a, hopefully, a
successful back-to-school season. I'm just curious how your retailers are thinking about back-to-school? Is
it their assumption that all schools in the U.S. will be open this fall?

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

All right. So let me address the 2 questions. But the January, February was the continuation of the
turnaround plan. We also got significant growth with online, and we started mitigating declines in other
areas. Some of our bigger retailers, we were seeing some traction. So I think really, Jan, Feb was
continuation of turnaround. The Food business doing extremely well for us and it has been a real source of
strength, so that recorded strong growth. Baby recorded strong growth in Jan, Feb. So those were some of
the factors. And it was even better than what we had expected. So that should give you in terms of when
we come out of this crisis that the turnaround is having a positive impact, that we are beginning to do the
right things. And then as we go towards the end of the year, we have innovations planned across many of
our businesses. We are prioritizing them. And our teams are continuing to drive, whether it's line reviews
with our retailers, they're doing it online. So we're pushing forward.

So now let me answer your question about back-to-school. We have been in touch with all our major
retailers on back-to-school. There, I think the big issue for everyone is, will schools reopen? There seems
to be general cautious optimism that key schools will go back. In fact, I think California, we just heard
somewhat that they may even reopen a little early. Now the universities are slightly different because
yesterday Harvard made some sort of announcement that they were going to start, but they made
something about we may do it remotely. The university side is unclear. But look, most of our back-to-
school, the majority is driven by schools. So the good news for us is, the retail orders are in place. And
now normally, we would have started shipping out in April. Because of some of the uncertainty, that may
get delayed a bit. So what might normally have come in June may now come in July because most of this
comes forward after July 4 anyway. So right now I think retailers and ourselves, everyone is sort of -- the
$64,000 question is, when will schools reopen, when will universities reopen, but people are planning that
they will. So that's the best I can do.

Joseph Nicholas Altobello
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

No, absolutely. As a father of 2 boys, I certainly hope you're right. Appreciate it.

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

I fervently hope. It's not that I want to be right, but I think not only from a business standpoint, you just
want normalcy to return.

Operator

Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. I was hoping we could talk a little bit more about the Appliances & Cookware segment because the
comments on POS versus shipments are really interesting. So it's not a business where you talked about
supply chain disruption, it's more about the retail closures. But presumably, right, just would suggest
there's been a lot of inventory at retail. So just thinking through, I guess, your innovation pipeline,
that this is a business you've said would take longer to kind of rebuild. How do you think you're faring,
I guess, in terms of relative -- not even sure that you can measure market share easily, but relative
performance versus the category? And any initiatives you may be launching online to support that
business as consumer behaviors change? And I think we didn't talk about outdoor at all, but that's another
business that in the '08, '09 period, those businesses then owned by Jarden actually performed pretty
well because consumers were driving to vacations and sort of more simple outdoor pleasures. So anything
that you may be doing to support that business or accelerate the innovation agenda to support it would be
great.

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Lauren. So let me separate out the 2 questions. And the first question on Appliances & Cookware,
so a couple of factors. It's really sort of a tale of 2 geographies. And the good news is, the U.S., which
was our most troubled business, historically, has really picked up. And the consumption, the POS that we
talked about, the 6 consecutive weeks is in the U.S. And that bodes well longer term because we were
challenged. And so it's really good to see. And kind of the numbers that we're beginning to see when I
look at sort of week 4 in March and then continue on to week 4 in April, we're really beginning to start
getting into the double digits in the U.S. on POS. And that's heartening. So that's being driven in certain
categories within the U.S., so smaller appliances. And we've got value brands like Mr. Coffee that you're
familiar with from the Jarden days and so on, which has done well in recessionary times. Oster is doing
well, bread makers, heating blankets, et cetera. So the small appliances, there is a boost, and we are
happy about it.

So where we are suffering and why shipments have lagged is really it's, as I said, the tale of 2
geographies is international. And international, Latin America, which has always been a great source of
strength for us in appliances despite the U.S. having had its issue. Latin America, for instance, I think,
over the last 10 years, we've doubled our business. And Oster is a terrific brand, but that is suffering from
really country closures. Whereas we may think about shelter at home in particular states, there, Peru,
for instance, it's totally closed and Brazil. So we're seeing parts of Mexico. So some of our big countries
in Latin America, it's a big part as well as Europe. And then Australia, which has always been a good
performer for us, that's had -- even though it's not been closed, it's been a bit of an issue. The good news
this morning, I just got notice that Australia, they saw a little bump up last week. So in the main, it's a
tale of 2 geographies. So when you come out of it, we're hoping we can sustain some of the stuff that is
happening in the U.S., particularly if we go into recessionary environment, and we did well in the previous
recession. And then that our international stuff will pick up.

Last comment I'll make is the appliance business was not as fast to online as perhaps they should have
been in the past, but they've picked up the pace in the last several months. And that has helped them
quite a bit because we're seeing tremendous improvement on online and on Amazon, et cetera. And so I
think, overall, we're hoping that this will continue.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Look, I think we still need to do work on innovation. So I don't want to make, wow, everything is hunky-
dory. So the comments I made at CAGNY still hold, but we still need to do work there. But I think we are
seeing positive trends.

So now let me address your question about outdoor. Right now, outdoor is struggling because you've got
really 3 businesses there. You've got a technical apparel business with Marmot. You've got Coleman. And
then you've got Contigo and bubba, et cetera. So what's happening is the technical apparel business really
has got hit hard, not just for us, but across the board. Apparel business has really been hit hard with I
think especially with stay at home and stuff. So I think that has occurred.

On Coleman, really, the challenge there is, with stay at home, people are not camping. The parks are
closed. There's a natural issue there. But we're making good progress. We've got, as I mentioned at
CAGNY, Jim Pisani, who's going to be heading that business, starts on Monday. We've got a new sales head
there, professional, is very good. So they're beginning to get some traction on that end. And then Contigo,
the brand does well. But on the go, right now, since people are at home, that has taken a bit of hit.

And then in the outdoor side, just a lot of the retailers that serve it, REI, Dick's Sporting Goods, et cetera,
are all closed. And I do think longer term, there is an opportunity for us to do better on the dot-coms
of those businesses. Historically, we're sort of focused on the big retailer dot-coms and Amazon. So I
think, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're going to drive penetration in a lot of these specialty.
But you're right that in a recessionary time, as we come out of it, I think we should get better on that
business.

Operator

Your next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Chris, question for you relating to your debt covenants and to the dividend. And first, I did want to
congratulate you and your team on the improvement in your cash conversion cycle. I'm glad that you guys
are capitalizing on that because I think it's long been an opportunity since the Jarden merger. So congrats
on that.

So we can appreciate withdrawing guidance. But can you comment on your level of comfort with your debt
covenants? I think there's 2 of note, interest coverage ratio of 3.5x and debt to capital, a maximum of
60%. Again, so without guiding, maybe just comment on your level of comfort here as you think about
most likely scenarios. And then you mentioned your commitment to the dividend for the second quarter.
Maybe you can put some guardrails around your level of commitment for the balance of the year and how
you're thinking about cash flow priorities.

Christopher H. Peterson
CFO & President of Business Operations

Yes, no problem. So I'll start with debt covenants. So you're right. There are 2 primary debt covenants,
the interest coverage ratio of 3.5x and the debt to total cap of 0.6. The debt to total cap does allow an
add-back for goodwill. We ended the first quarter in compliance with both covenants with significant
headroom against both covenants. And we've done a significant amount of modeling. We sort of internally
refer to it as alphabet soup because we're looking at the V, the U, the W, the L scenario, et cetera. And
looking at all of those scenarios, we're confident that unless something really unforeseen happens that
we've got sufficient flexibility to navigate and comply with the debt covenants going forward. We're very
confident in the company's liquidity position. The debt covenants, I should mention, only apply to the
revolver and the AR facility, which are the short-term liquidity facilities. They don't apply to the unsecured
notes.

Relative to the dividend, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we plan to maintain the dividend at
the current level for the current quarter. As you know, the dividend is a quarterly decision that's made
by the Board. As we've done the scenario modeling and all of the scenarios that we've modeled, the free

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

cash flow expectation for the company is more than enough to both fund the dividend and reduce debt on
an annual basis going forward, including this year. That being said, given the uncertainty of the severity
and the duration of the crisis, we do believe it's prudent to continue to evaluate the company's capital
structure and capital allocation strategy given the range of possible outcomes. And so that's the plan that
we've got at the moment going forward.

Operator

Your next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

Olivia Tong
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Great. I just wanted to see if you could talk a little bit more about the divergence in growth across your
portfolio because you obviously have businesses where demand in some cases is up somewhere. You
probably don't see a ton of impact from what's going on. And then somewhere, obviously, it's quite
difficult to drive growth right now or to migrate your businesses online. So if you can just talk about the
divergence in terms of that minus 25% from top to bottom. And then just overall, are you seeing any
shifts yet in terms of price points? Is there a downshift in terms of what consumers are buying to the
extent that they are buying right now across your portfolio of brands, whether it's Rubbermaid, whether
people are downshifting Graco as well. And I know it's not the same as 2008, but if there's anything you
can give in terms of comparisons to 2008 to help provide some bogeys there.

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Let me kick that off, and then Chris, if there's anything you want to add. So you talked about how
the divergence in our portfolio, particularly related to April. And so I think I talked about quite a bit of this
in the prepared remarks, but I'll just reiterate some of those.

So clearly, the outright winner for us has been Food. And so that has throughout really done extremely
well, both on POS and on shipments. But actually, POS is ahead of shipments. And the same trends
continued in April. If anything, we're beginning to continue to see that growth picking up because
originally, we had growth, a lot of growth in FoodSaver and Ball, and now we're seeing that picking up on
Rubbermaid food storage as well.

And then Commercial in the first quarter was clearly a big winner. There, I think where the trends, the
order book is very full. But there were, especially on things like sanitizer and stuff, there's certain supply
constraints on how much we can meet them. But as we are expanding capacity, we think that over time
we'll be able to fulfill that.

I think I've already talked about Home Fragrance. I think that in the retailers we actually are in, it's
doing extremely well, and I think I mentioned even that in some place are doubling. But we're also
affected by access because our own retail stores are closed and all the specialty retailers closed. So we're
getting volume through where we are, but I think the growth is not enough to offset a lot of the closures
because you've got a very significant part of access right now closed. But as we come out of this, it should
be very positive because candle consumption, what people are using at home is actually up, which is
demonstrated by the fact that we're doing well.

So Baby, more recently or in the beginning of April, we saw a little slowdown, but we've now seen an
uptick as these stimulus checks have gone out. We're actually beginning to see a couple of weeks of good
positive POS.

And then, of course, Writing, I spent a lot of time on my prepared remarks. I think the big news now is,
how do they see us going forward on back-to-school. So there as well a little bit of supply constraints
from Mexicali, but also people, really students at home, people not working in their offices, et cetera, that
affects that business.

Christopher H. Peterson
CFO & President of Business Operations
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Ravi, let me just add one thing which is, we did go back and look at and we spent a lot of time in the
scenario analysis going back and looking at the 2008 recession. And we looked at, obviously, the Newell
business and the Jarden business during that time. And what we saw was that in that time period, both
companies were able to gain market share. And it gets to your question on price points because generally,
the company is pretty well positioned with opening price point and mid price point products. So if you
believe that the company is headed into a more recessionary time period, we tend to be well represented
in the price ladder for where consumers may trend to. We have not yet seen. I think it's too early to
call any kind of a trend with consumers changing relative to price point, but we do believe we're well
positioned.

And the other thing that we saw from the analysis that was notable about the 2008 recession was that
the stronger brands tend to do well in that type of an environment. And as we mentioned at CAGNY,
the brands that are in our portfolio, I think 80% of our business were either #1 or 2 in the category. So
we're well positioned from both a market-leading brand perspective as well as from a price positioning
standpoint to capitalize on the environment going forward.

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Chris. I think, Olivia, one thing I forgot to mention is, in the portfolio, probably the one business,
Outdoor & Recreation, I already -- when Lauren asked the question -- talked about it, but that business
has had a negative impact in not only the quarter, but more in April. And then our Connected Home
business, again, because of access because a lot of -- it's a question of how are people looking at it. And
then also some of our plants are in Mexico. That is in Juárez. That has been shut down temporarily. So I
hope that gives you a good sense.

Operator

Your final question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I appreciate the visibility on the April sales and also the commentary about half of it being supply chain.
So if you can kind of like break down a little bit of the consumption and shipping trends that you're seeing
if it's like low teens impact in April and if that could normalize? I'm not saying it's going to go positive,
but in May and June. So what are you thinking of consumption trends in Food, Baby and small appliance?
And should we expect those to remain elevated in the medium to long term as we get out of COVID? And
feedback you're having from your panels and customers, the retailers are open. And do you think that, like
in the medium term, could offset the Writing supplies that go into the offices or you should be seeing that
business remain under pressure? And if we can go just as a clarification to Lauren's question before about
the retail inventory and the receivables. I understand Chris had said, you're not seeing any major issues.
Obviously, again, congrats on your cash conversion, but I wanted to just drill down if Chris can comment
on that as well.

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

Okay. So look, I think we really can't give you specifics on May and June. I think we have given you a
sense that we think the overall quarter will be challenged, and that's based on the April trend, which we
have been pretty transparent about.

Having said that, we're also seeing very -- I think I talked about the positive sequential improvements on
POS. So you have to take that into consideration. So part of the issue is, we just don't know some of these
things in terms of -- I think we already dealt with the back-to-school. Hey, when will schools open? When
will offices open?

So even our own, we thought we'll be opening the offices on Monday. We moved that to May 26. Could
we move it again? It all depends on -- this is fluid. So it's more the uncertainty because of the pandemic.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

But I think the thing that one has to take from this is, there is no fundamental structural issues. We're just
dealing with situational stuff in the quarter, which deal with either supply chain constraints, retail closures
or some consumer shifts in behavior because of stay at home. Some of it which is benefiting us positively,
some negatively. So I think we've covered the gamut of that.

So I think really, what we're looking at is, how do we come out of this and emerge stronger, not only in
the second half. And we do have some confidence that sequentially, we will improve in the second half
of the year. And then going forward into 2021, I think a lot of the steps we're taking and the team we're
building and the actions we're taking and what we're doing with the brands and innovation should make us
a very strong player coming out of all of this. So yes, the quarter's a challenge, but really we're focused on
how we get through the rest of the year in a positive way. Chris, maybe you can answer the question on
the cash conversion.

Christopher H. Peterson
CFO & President of Business Operations

Yes. So I think the question was on the receivables. So we're obviously looking at our receivables much
closer. I actually have a meeting twice a week on this topic. What we're seeing so far specifically is that
we're collecting receivables actually better than our forecast. Part of that is the process improvements
that we've made. And you can see that, that came through in the first quarter and was a big enabler for
us delivering the 27-day reduction in the cash conversion cycle. That trend is continuing in April. So we
continue to collect receivables at or ahead of forecast.

We're also monitoring credit risk in a much tighter fashion. But again, as I mentioned I think in one of
the earlier questions, the majority of the company's business is with well-capitalized, large retailers. We
do have some business with specialty and department retailers, about a mid-teens percentage. We're
monitoring those closely. But we have not seen any type of a slowdown in our ability to collect receivables
as an aggregate company. But we're monitoring it closely as the situation evolves.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And Chris, just on the inventory at the specialty retailers that are closed, can you comment on that?

Christopher H. Peterson
CFO & President of Business Operations

Yes. So our largest specialty retail customers would be people like Staples, Office Depot and Bed Bath
& Beyond would be the top 3. Most of those retailers are open for their online business and continue to
sell. We are monitoring both inventory at the retailer and credit that we've extended to those retailers.
And we're managing that to ensure that there's continuity of appropriate supply to consumers without
overinvesting in inventory at those retail customers. And I think we're managing that relatively well.

Ravichandra K. Saligram
President, CEO & Director

Okay. So first and foremost, I just want to thank all the analysts and investors who are on this call. We
appreciate your support of Newell in these difficult times to listen to us. And we truly pray that you and
your families stay safe. Thank you very much for being on the call. We look forward to chatting with you
next quarter, onwards and upwards. Thank you.

Operator
Thank you. A replay of today's call will be available later today on our website, ir.newellbrands.com. This
concludes our conference. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

NEWELL BRANDS INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

