Newmont Corporation NYSE:NEM
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, July 30, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.31

0.32

3.23

0.69

2.30

3.51

Revenue  (mm)

2502.06

2365.00

(5.48 %)

3346.78

11735.66

13561.26

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-30-2020 1:05 PM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.39

0.48

0.42

0.31

0.36

0.50

0.40

0.32

(7.69 %)

4.17 %

(4.76 %)

3.23 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jessica Largent
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Nancy K. Buese
Executive VP & CFO

Robert D. Atkinson
Executive VP & COO

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Adam Philip Graf
B. Riley FBR, Inc., Research
Division

Christopher Michael Terry
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Fahad Tariq
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Greg Barnes
TD Securities Equity Research

Jackie Przybylowski
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Tanya M. Jakusconek
Scotiabank Global Banking and
Markets, Research Division

Tyler J. Langton
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to Newmont's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]
Please note, this event is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Jessica Largent, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Please go ahead.

Jessica Largent
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Newmont's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. Joining us on the call today are Tom Palmer, President and Chief Executive Officer; Rob
Atkinson, Chief Operating Officer; and Nancy Buese, Chief Financial Officer. They will be available to
answer questions at the end of the call along with other members of our executive team.

Turning to Slide 2. Please take a moment to review the cautionary statement shown here and refer to our
SEC filings, which can be found on our website at newmont.com.

And now I'll turn it over to Tom on Slide 3.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Jess. Good morning, and thank you all for joining our call. Newmont continues to manage through
the COVID pandemic from a position of strength and our diverse, balanced portfolio of world-class assets
provides stable production with significant leverage to rising gold prices.

Turning to Slide 4 for a look at our second quarter highlights. Our resilient operating model supported the
delivery of solid quarterly results despite the ongoing impacts of the COVID pandemic on our business. We
safely resumed operations at Cerro Negro, Yanacocha, Éléonore, Peñasquito and Musselwhite. The 5 sites
placed into care and maintenance earlier this year. In the second quarter, we produced 1.3 million ounces
of gold at all-in sustaining costs of $1,097 per ounce. We generated operating cash flow of $668 million
and free cash flow of $388 million. And we continued to safely advance project work at Tanami Expansion
2, Subika Underground and Musselwhite.

Our investment-grade balance sheet, combined with liquidity of $6.7 billion provides us with significant
financial strength and flexibility. We ended the quarter with $3.8 billion of cash and have lowered our net
debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio to 0.6x. We declared a second quarter dividend of $0.25 per share, which
remains the highest yielding dividend among senior gold producers. It is also worth noting that over the
last 18 months, Newmont has returned more than $2 billion to shareholders, demonstrating our track
record of industry-leading returns. At Newmont, we have a fundamental belief that strong environmental,
social and governance performance is not only the right thing to do, it is also an indicator of a well-
managed business that delivers sustainable long-term value for shareholders and other stakeholders.

In June, we published our 16th annual sustainability report, which details Newmont's strategy, approach,
targets and performance related to material ESG issues, ranging from climate, water, tailings, value
sharing and human rights, true to corporate governance, tax strategy, ethics and compliance. The
report transparently covers what we have done well, where we have learned lessons and how we plan to
improve. And I encourage you to take some time to read more about our efforts in this space by visiting
the sustainability section of our website at newmont.com.

Turning to Slide 5. Combined with our proven and resilient operating model, Newmont's deep bench of
experienced leaders and mature systems remain a competitive advantage in these unprecedented times.
We will continue to maintain our wide-ranging COVID protocols at all sites, ensuring that we keep the
health, safety and well-being of our people and communities above all else. Whilst we have had employees

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

and contractors test positive for the virus, our quarantine and contact-tracing procedures have proven
effective in mitigating the spread to other employees and local communities.

Two weeks ago, I visited our Boddington operation in Western Australia. And even though Western
Australia currently has no community spread of this virus, our robust controls remain in place at
Boddington. It was great to experience firsthand the work all of our operations are doing to ensure that we
do not lose focus on protecting our workforce and communities during this time. The confidence and pride
at Boddington was very high, and our team there is absolutely focused on safely delivering to their plans.
I am incredibly proud of all of our employees for how they are overcoming the challenges we've faced this
year with focus and resolve.

Across the globe, we are finding new ways to move the business forward by better leveraging technology,
fostering greater collaboration and building a deep sense of community despite having to work apart.
We're also strengthening our relationships with external stakeholders by embracing our core values
of safety, sustainability, integrity, inclusion and responsibility in every engagement with them. Earlier
this year, we established a $20 million global community support fund to assist host communities,
governments and employees. With input from local stakeholders, we identified 3 focus areas: employee
and community health; food security; and local economic resilience.

To ensure that our financial support will have the most positive impact and reach those who need it
most. Our efforts have included the provision of personal protective equipment for frontline workers, the
construction of an oxygen plant for a regional hospital, partnering with local food banks for families in
need, and micro-lending and revolving loans for businesses in host communities. Sadly, one area we have
seen significant need as a result of COVID is domestic violence. So we have also partnered with agencies
who serve women and children in need of safer environments.

To date, we have distributed nearly $6 million, with another $4 million in process, pending completion of
the governance process designed to ensure that the funds go where they are intended and are utilized
effectively. We're committed to managing our fund with collaboration and transparency. And you can find a
regularly updated list of all recipient organizations on our website. These efforts will continue in the weeks
and months to come, so that our host communities can thrive long after this pandemic is behind us.

Turning to a look at our global diverse portfolio on Slide 6. Among our 12 operating mines and 2
joint ventures, we have 8 world-class assets, each of which delivered more than 500,000 ounces of
consolidated production per year at all-in sustaining costs of less than $900 per gold equivalent ounce and
a mine life that exceeds 10 years.

Importantly, all are located in top-tier jurisdictions that we define as countries classified in the A and
B ratings ranges by each of Moody's, S&P and Fitch. In addition to our 8 existing world-class assets,
Newmont has 2 emerging world-class assets with the Yanacocha in Peru and Merian in Suriname. These
emerging assets within our portfolio offer upside through further optimization and development over the
coming years. We also have an unmatched project pipeline with Tanami Expansion 2 being executed and
both Ahafo North and Yanacocha Sulfides advancing towards full-funds decisions next year. It is from
this foundation that we can create additional value as we optimize our longer-term projects and deliver
decades of profitable production.

Turning to Slide 7. Our stable production profile will generate more than 6 million ounces of gold per
year through to 2029. This decade-long production profile is underpinned by our 8 world-class assets,
our industry-leading exploration program and our 3 key development projects; Tanami 2, which is in
execution, along with Ahafo North and Yanacocha Sulfides. This profile is further enhanced with over $1.5
billion per year of additional revenue from producing between 1.2 million to 1.4 million gold equivalent
ounces from silver, lead and zinc at Peñasquito and copper at Boddington. Combined, we will deliver
well over 7 million gold equivalent ounces per year for the next decade, the most of any company in our
industry.

Turning to our free cash flow generation potential on Slide 8. We expect to generate substantial free cash
flow throughout the gold price cycle. For every $100 increase in gold price above our base assumption,
Newmont delivers approximately $400 million of incremental attributable free cash flow per year. Using

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

our conservative $1,200 gold price assumption, our base free cash flow would still total more than $5
billion over the next 5 years. And at current gold prices, our portfolio will generate more than $17 billion
of free cash flow over that same time frame. In addition, we have the potential for further upside with
tailwinds from favorable oil prices and foreign currency exchange rates.

Looking forward, we are well positioned to continue executing our capital priorities and staying focused on
long-term value creation.

With that, I'll hand it over to Rob to discuss our operational performance on Slide 9.

Robert D. Atkinson
Executive VP & COO

Thanks, Tom. Turning to Slide 10. The strength of our diversified global portfolio, along with our operating
model and capable workforce continues to be a key differentiator for Newmont during this unprecedented
time. During the second quarter, we executed safe and efficient restart plans at Cerro Negro, Yanacocha,
Éléonore, Peñasquito and Musselwhite, which I will discuss in more detail shortly. As Tom mentioned, we
continue to maintain the extensive protocols across all of our sites to ensure the health and safety of our
workforce and nearby communities. And we have been operating with a significantly reduced site-based
workforce who remain committed to the safe delivery of our plans.

As you will recall, we made the important and proactive decision to continue paying our employees
through June despite the status of their operation, which has impacted our second quarter unit costs. It
was absolutely the right decision, and it has been an essential factor to allow the safe and efficient ramp-
up of our operations with the full support of our workforce and local communities.

For the second quarter, we incurred approximately $195 million of care and maintenance costs and
approximately $33 million of COVID-19-specific costs related to additional health and safety procedures,
transportation costs and community support fund disbursements across our entire portfolio. Over the
last few months, we've seen near-term headwinds as our increased health and safety protocols impact
operating efficiencies, particularly in the mine with staggered pre-start meeting, the elimination of hot
seating and transport changes impacting productivity.

However, we've been able to partially offset these impacts by reducing the number of people working
at site, implementing new rosters and taking advantage of downtime to plan for longer-term efficiency
improvements, and I will touch on these further in the regional overviews. I'm very proud of our team
and what they've safely accomplished during this unprecedented time. But as we continue navigating
through this global pandemic, I can assure you, our focus to drive efficiency and productivity gains is more
important and acute than ever. And we are well positioned to deliver a stronger second half of the year.

Turning now to Slide 11 for an update on Australia's performance. At Boddington, we began to reach
higher grade in the South pit. And earlier this month, the team achieved 21 million tonnes through the
plant year-to-date, which puts them on track to exceed 40 million tonnes by year-end. As our 3-year
stripping campaign nears completion, we will continue to mine higher grades into 2021. We continue to
invest in the autonomous haulage system which we expect to be fully operational next year.

Tanami delivered yet another solid quarter, and the team is continually looking for ways to improve the
way we work. Just recently, the mine implemented even-time rosters to improve productivity and shift
change days. With the interstate border closures in place in Australia, I am incredibly appreciative of many
of the team and their families for their willingness to temporarily relocate to Darwin from other parts of
Australia, allowing us to continue safely operating through this period. The Tanami Expansion 2 project
is also progressing, and all critical activities have continued. Working with our EPCM Worley, we are now
approximately 30% through the engineering design, and the overall project is about 10% complete.

Travel restrictions did impact second quarter development rates. However, we recently added a fourth
crew to help mitigate the efficiency losses. In early July, the box cut for the production shaft foundation
was completed, and we placed a second raise bore on surface. So overall, things are tracking well. And 2
weeks ago, the first buildings for the new camp near the underground mine arrived on-site after traveling
over 2,000 miles. The camp will initially be used for the construction crews. And when the project is

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

completed, it will be repurposed to accommodate our mining crews to improve fatigue management and
save 80 minutes a day in travel time between the current camp and the mine. We are also progressing
our study work of Oberon remotely, including a review of surface layouts, mine and process plant
infrastructure options, and updating the resource model.

Our hydrogeological drilling has been delayed, but we are working with the traditional owners to access
the area and safely remobilize the team. The overall deposit continues to grow as an open pit opportunity.
And the potential to get beyond 2 million ounces as we define the high-grade structures and understand
the upside of this prospective deposit and how this further improves our production outlook.

Australian's 2020 production and cost outlook is unchanged with approximately 1.2 million ounces at $900
per ounce AISC.

Turning to Africa on Slide 12. Ghana has seen an uptick in COVID cases over the last 2 months, but our
teams at Akyem and Ahafo continue to adhere to strict protocols and our quarantine and contact-tracing
procedures have been effective in minimizing the impact to our operations.

Akyem delivered solid second quarter performance with higher throughput despite a planned maintenance
shutdown, and expects to reach higher grade in the fourth quarter. At Ahafo, we continue to progress
stripping at the Awonsu and Subika open pits while advancing underground development for the updated
mining method at Subika Underground. Development rates at Subika Underground are ahead of schedule.
And we recently received the raise bore machine, which will further support development progress. The
2020 outlook for Africa is unchanged with 850,000 ounces at $870 per ounce AISC. As we expect a strong
second half of the year with Ahafo reaching higher grade in the open pits and Subika ramping up tonnes
from the underground.

Turning to Slide 13 for an update on the Ahafo North project. The Ahafo District provides significant upside
potential from the underground opportunities at Awonsu, Apensu and Subika as well as from Ahafo North.
The cave is just 30 kilometers north of our existing Ahafo operations, it is the best unmined gold deposit in
West Africa, with approximately 3.5 million ounces of open pit reserves and more than 1 million ounces of
indicated and inferred resource. Similar to Tanami in Australia, our ability to expand in this prolific region
is underpinned by our successful recent investments in the Ahafo mill expansion and Subika Underground,
which has created a very strong platform for our future. Our plans include building a stand-alone mill, and
the project is expected to produce approximately 250,000 ounces per year, over a 13-year mine life for an
investment of approximately $700 million to $800 million.

Our project work continues remotely with the team focused on engineering and design work as well as
construction, procurement and community planning. We have also been able to advance the permitting
process with the Ghana EPA through both virtual and limited face-to-face sessions. And earlier this month,
we submitted our initial environmental impact statement for review. We also received engineering and
design approval from the Ghana Highway Authority for the highway diversion and improvement project,
which was a key milestone for the project. We remain on track for a full-funds decision in 2021.

Moving to our North America operations on Slide 14. During the second quarter, the North America region
resumed operations at the 3 sites that were previously in care and maintenance. At Peñasquito, we
began a phase ramp-up in mid-May, consistent with the Mexican government's regulations. Government
representatives visited the site, including the federal undersecretary of mines to review our protocols, and
said, Peñasquito is the leading example for how all Mexican mines should operate during these times.

We began ramping up the mill and mining activities at the beginning of June, and were quickly back to
pre-COVID record levels in the plant by mid-June. We remain very focused on delivering value from this
world-class asset by applying our full potential program to eliminate constraints, reduce costs and increase
productivity and ultimately allow us to extend mine life through resource conversion.

As previously highlighted, we also recently completed a definitive agreement to resolve all outstanding
disputes with the Cedros community, which was a significant milestone, and which now establishes a
clear path forward for both parties to develop long-term partnerships to create value and importantly,
improve lives. This agreement was signed with the community-elected representatives and will be ratified

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

in the General Assembly that will take place when COVID-19 gathering restrictions are lifted by the
government. Both Porcupine and CC&V continued without major interruptions during the second quarter.
And in Porcupine, we saw improved recoveries with a greater proportion of ore coming from the bore than
underground.

At Musselwhite, we resumed work on the conveying system in early June after working closely with First
Nations leaders and the provincial health authorities on a safe restart plan. By early July, our contract of
cementation had its full project team on site, and we are on track to complete the conveyor installation by
the end of 2020. The Musselwhite materials handling project will begin mobilizing for completion activities
in September to align with the conveyor time line. We restarted the mill for stockpile processing on June
19 and resumed the underground mine development work at the same time. Our full potential work at
Musselwhite is progressing well, and our team successfully completed the diagnose phase entirely virtually
in April and May.

From that work, the underground work stream identified approximately 25 opportunities to improve
development productivity, trucking performance and ore body modeling. I'm excited about the future of
Musselwhite and the ability to drive valuable operational improvements in the year ahead.

Turning to Éléonore. We restarted the mill in late May after approximately 60 days in care and
maintenance. Earlier this year, the mine undertook a review of ground support conditions, and we
completed some necessary rehabilitation work before ramping up production activities. We expect to
reach more normal levels of production in August as we manage through ongoing travel and logistical
constrains. Construction on the lower mine materials handling system project resumed in early June with
the conveyor belt installation and commissioning of the first rock breaker. We expect the project to be
operational in mid-August, streamlining the transportation of rock to surface.

From the beginning, we flagged that Éléonore was the operation requiring further optimization as
Newmont's technical experience critically assessed the asset and the opportunities to improve the
geotechnical model. We remain positive on the value we can unlock from Éléonore. However, we are taking
the proper time to fully integrate the updated geological and geotechnical models to deliver and optimize
life of my plan.

As a result, we expect a lower production baseline for Éléonore of approximately 250,000 ounces
per year, and work is underway with support from our full potential program to ensure the cost base
matches this production level. To support this important work, we've made a number of changes to the
site leadership team since the beginning of the year with a new general manager; mining manager;
exploration manager; health, safety and security manager, who are all now on board. This leadership team
is driving fundamental changes to how we operate with a sharp focus on sustainable improvement housing
back to basics principles in order to build a strong foundation in the years ahead.

The North America 2020 outlook has been updated to approximately 1.4 million ounces and $1,040 per
ounce AISC with an additional 880,000 gold equivalent ounces from silver, lead and zinc. This outlook
includes the impact of sites previously in care and maintenance and the changes at Éléonore.

Turning to South America on Slide 15. Merian delivered solid performance in the second quarter as higher
recoveries partially offset lower tonnes mined as the site managed through wet season impacts tanks.
The team also safely completed planned mill maintenance in June and began to reach higher grade as we
transitioned to harbor ore.

Yanacocha began ramping up in mid-May after being in care and maintenance for approximately 60 days.
Mine and mill activities were suspended during the care and maintenance period, but we continued all
critical activities such as water treatment, which enabled ongoing production from the leach pads. The
mill restarted in mid-May and mining activity resumed in late May, and we expect to reach full operations
in September. We are placing Quecher Main ore on the new Carachugo leach pad again and expect to
recover these ounces later this year. However, Yanacocha's outlook has been updated to reflect late cycle
disruptions in 2020 from the timing of ore placement.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

At Cerro Negro, we took advantage of the approximately 60-day care and maintenance period to perform
a significant amount of mill maintenance and modifications to improve throughput. The team is managing
through several constraints, including government and provincial travel restrictions in addition to
inclement winter weather. So the mine is currently operating at about 50% capacity. Given the site is mine
constrained, we are running the mill and campaigns in order to ensure cost efficiency until we are back
to normal mining rates. Full potential implementation is underway. And the priorities remain focused on
back to basics mining practices, which includes improving development rates, ground control and backfill
practices.

The 2020 outlook for Cerro Negro has been updated to include COVID-related constraints and our ability
to achieve improved development rates and access higher-grade ore in the fourth quarter.

Looking forward, we remain excited about the potential to extend Cerro Negro's mine life through
our exploration program. And we recently secured a large land package of approximately 550 square
kilometers near Cerro Negro. The South America 2020 outlook has been updated to just over 1.1 million
ounces at approximately $1,100 per ounce AISC, which includes the impact of sites previously in care and
maintenance and the COVID-related constraints at Cerro Negro.

We are also excited about Yanacocha Sulfides progressing towards a full-funds decision in 2021. So
turning to Slide 16. Yanacocha has been a cornerstone asset to the Newmont portfolio for decades, and
we continue to see promising drilling results. As you can see here, the first phase of the sulfides project
is focused on developing the most profitable deposits and is expected to produce approximately 500,000
gold equivalent ounces per annum through 2030, and extend Yanacocha's operations into the 2040. As
we advance towards a full-funds decision next year, we look forward to providing more information on this
exciting project in due course.

So wrapping up with our 2020 outlook on Slide 17. Despite the decision to place 5 operations in care
and maintenance, we expect to produce approximately 6 million ounces of gold at all-in sustaining costs
of $1,015 per ounce in 2020 with an additional 1 million gold equivalent ounces from core products.
Compared to the outlook provided in mid-May, production is unchanged, while our costs applicable to sales
has been lowered to $760 per ounce and all-in sustaining costs is unchanged at $1,015 per ounce.

Our sustaining capital has increased to $900 million as we've been able to ramp up faster than first
anticipated of our operations previously in care and maintenance. Our total 2020 capital expenditure is
expected to be approximately $1.4 billion as increases to sustaining capital are partly offset by further
changes to the development capital schedule for Tanami Expansion 2, which defers some spend to 2021.

For exploration and advanced projects, we've lowered our 2020 investment to approximately $350
million. We are fortunate to have the largest gold reserves in our industry at 95.7 million ounces, and
we completed the majority of our reserve drilling in the first quarter. However, as we continue to focus
on keeping our people safe, we currently expect to replace approximately 60% to 70% of our targeted
reserves delivery by the drill bit from our managed operations in 2020. We also experienced some
processing delays at the start of the pandemic, but are now seeing normal turnover times. We also
restarted exploration mapping activities at Coffee using 100% Yukon-based crew, and we are prepared to
restart greenfields activities as soon as local restrictions are lifted in areas of Africa, Australia and South
America. Our longer-term target of organically replacing at least 2/3 of reserves depletion over the next
10 years remains firmly intact.

The changes to the way we operate from COVID have been substantial. And as the pandemic continues to
evolve with the potential for a second wave becoming more likely, we may have to take further measures
to protect our workforce and our communities.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Nancy to discuss our financial results on Slide 18.

Nancy K. Buese
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Rob. Turning to Slide 19 for the financial highlights. Despite having 5 operations in care and
maintenance, our financial performance improved significantly compared to the prior year quarter,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

demonstrating that tailwinds from favorable gold and oil prices and foreign exchange more than offset the
COVID-related impacts to our business.

During the second quarter, Newmont delivered solid results with higher revenue of nearly $2.4 billion
despite fewer ounces sold, adjusted net income of $261 million or $0.32 per diluted share and adjusted
EBITDA of approximately $1 billion. Cash from continuing operations was $668 million and free cash flow
was $388 million, a nearly sixfold increase quarter-on-quarter.

Turning to Slide 20 for a review of our earnings per share in more detail. Second quarter GAAP net income
from continuing operations was $412 million or $0.51 per share. Adjustments included $0.28 related to
the change in fair value of our equity investments; $0.04 related to incremental COVID-specific costs,
such as additional screening protocols, transportation costs and community fund disbursements; $0.02
related to tax adjustments and valuation allowance; and $0.03 of other charges.

Taking these adjustments into account, we reported second quarter adjusted net income of $0.32 per
diluted share. While we adjusted approximately $33 million of nonrecurring incremental COVID-specific
costs from our second quarter net income, we did not adjust out approximately $195 million related to the
5 operations temporarily placed into care and maintenance.

Costs here included wages, direct operating expenses and noncash depreciation. It's worth noting that our
ANI per share would have been $0.15 per share higher if we had adjusted for these costs.

Turning to Slide 21. As Tom mentioned, Newmont continues to manage through the COVID pandemic from
a position of strength. There has been no change to our industry-leading capital allocation priorities, which
include maintaining and strengthening our investment-grade balance sheet, growing our margins through
the delivery of our full potential continuous improvement program and growing our reserves and resources
through disciplined investments in organic growth. And finally, returning cash to our shareholders through
a sector-leading dividend.

We ended the quarter with liquidity of $6.7 billion, and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio improved to 0.6x.
Newmont's focus on leading shareholder returns remains stronger than ever, and we declared a second
quarter dividend of $0.25 per share.

Over the last 6 quarters, we have returned more than $2 billion to shareholders through dividends and
share buybacks, a track record that demonstrates our commitment to providing the highest returns.

Lastly, while the recent rise in gold price is notable, we will continue to use our conservative assumptions
around $1,200 mine plans and continue our discipline around capital allocation. We will also invest in
profitable projects, return cash to shareholders and maintain a strong balance sheet. Excess cash flows
generated from periods of higher gold prices could be used to further improve our balance sheet and
provide additional returns to shareholders.

With that, I'll hand it over to Tom to wrap up on Slide 22.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Nancy. And concluding on Slide 23. Newmont's superior operating model, combined with our
incredibly talented and dedicated workforce, are key to maintaining our position as the world's leading
gold company. Whilst businesses across the globe have faced unprecedented challenges this year, I am
very proud of how we have responded and that Newmont is able to provide our stakeholders with a solid
foundation in the midst of uncertainty. We have the industry's best portfolio with world-class assets in top-
tier jurisdictions, the largest gold reserve base of 96 million ounces, significant exposure to other metals,
all of which positions Newmont to reliably produce more than 6 million ounces of gold every year for at
least the next decade. And we will continue to apply Newmont's discipline with resolve to deliver cost and
productivity improvements to expand margins. I'm very excited about what the future holds at Newmont,
beginning with a strong second half to 2020.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Thank you for your continued support and please keep safe and well as we continue to navigate through
this pandemic.
With that, I'll turn it over to the operator to open the line for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Tyler Langton of JPMorgan.

Tyler J. Langton
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I guess just to start, could you talk a little bit about the risk to production in the second half, like if COVID
cases just increase from current levels around your operations? And I guess specifically, are there actions
you can take to sort of reduce the risks of having to shut downing of the 5 operations that you previously
put on care and maintenance? And is there sort of less risk at the operations that were never shut down?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Tyler. I'll pick that one up and then maybe get Rob to provide a bit more color as well. We remain
all of the protocols that we've had in place and had in place since March, store at many place, even in
those places, like Australia with Boddington and Tanami. In both of those parts of Australia, there is no
community spread. But this virus is nasty. It's terribly contagious, and we are keeping those protocols in
place. That's not just the things we're doing on the operating sites around social distancing and hygiene,
it's also about keeping people off the operating side. If they're not part of the workforce required to
operate and maintain a mine and the processing plants.

So this virus is still a way to run as we're seeing around the globe. So we are maintaining that discipline
across every one of our operations in terms of those protocols. That's the best thing we can do. That's the
things that we can control. We are concerned and monitoring carefully different parts of the world, but
particularly through South America, Mexico, Peru, Argentina. Those countries are still struggling terribly
with this virus, and we're doing everything we can to support our folks in those parts of the world. And
part of that is keeping those protocols firmly in place and ensuring that we're screening folks. We're
keeping up those social distancing, the hygiene, and we're managing the quarantine and contact tracing, if
we do pick up a case. Rob, do you want to add any further color to that?

Robert D. Atkinson
Executive VP & COO

Thanks, Tom. And I'll just add a couple of things, Tom, to your question, Tyler. I think the other thing that
we've been doing throughout has just had very regular communication with respect to the authorities and
the government. And that's included quite a number of site visits. So they've seen the standards at which
we're adhering to. And in many cases, when people are on our site, it's actually better than being in the
community. So just having that confidence in what we're doing at site and continuing to do that, that's
really important. And I think the other couple of things just to build on the very practical things that Tom
outlined is that we did change rosters before to have our sites with longer rosters, and that makes sure
there's less turnover during these times. And that obviously helps. And also just minimizing any kind of
visits and minimizing the number of people that we've got on our sites. So after the last 3, 4 months, I
think we've come up with a number of very successful tactics. But as Tom said, the chronic unease is very
much there, and we're not dropping our earnings at all.

Tyler J. Langton
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. That's helpful. And then just the 2, I guess, quick financial questions. With the Goldcorp synergies,
I think the target was $340 million this year and then a total of $500 million next year. Is there sort of
any change to those numbers? And then just with capital allocation, I know sort of the longer-term plan
is to kind of invest roughly half the free cash flow into the business. And then the other half towards sort
of dividends, repurchases. Just with the dividends and repurchases, is there any sort of updated thoughts
there? Or is it something where you're still sort of waiting to see just how the impacts of COVID play out?
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Tyler. I'll pick up your synergy question and ask Nancy Buese to pick up the capital allocation
question. On the synergies, those numbers are -- the $340 million of cash flow this year and the $500
million of cash flow next year, which exceeds our initial commitment of $365 million from that transaction,
those commitments are built into our guidance, and we are delivering on those. And a lot of this -- a lot
of the value for this year has come from 3 areas: the G&A savings, so they bundle up exploration and
G&A. There's upwards of $150 million there; there's supply chain improvements; and then there's -- the
big value driver is Peñasquito. And Peñasquito is performing very well, either side of the -- what was
the shortest shutdown period for care and maintenance and it ramped up very quickly. So Peñasquito
performing synergies are delivered. Nancy, do you want to pick up the capital allocation?

Nancy K. Buese
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So really, on the capital allocation, we just recently raised our dividend very significantly. And so our
view is while there's still so much uncertainty around COVID and just understanding the full ramification
of that on our operations, we feel like that dividend is very solid for now, and we will continue to consider
what we should do with the dividend level going forward. And our capital allocation, you have it just right,
as we've indicated before, is approximately over the cycle, 50% of that back to the business and 50% of
that back to shareholders. We think we're at the top of the cycle, but it's really hard to say right now. But
our view would be we'll continue to evaluate that and continue to look at dividend levels as we put the
backdrop of our business plan for next year in place and really understand the balance sheet ramifications.

Operator

Our next question comes from Greg Barnes of TD Securities.

Greg Barnes
TD Securities Equity Research

Tom or perhaps, Nancy, do you have any idea what the ongoing COVID-related costs will be, either in
millions of dollars or per ounce?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

I'll pick that one up, Greg, and Nancy might want to build upon it. But it's that -- it's roughly $4 million
to $5 million a month which is around the $7 to $9 per ounce, which is around the things we put in place
around hygiene, around different transport that you need to maintain social distancing and the like. So
that's the cost you're seeing and the costs that you could expect to have ongoing as we continue to have
those protocols in place. It doesn't include -- it's a bit harder then to measure the productivity impacts
of needing to clean out a vehicle between -- as you do a hot seat change, as you have different ways for
running pre-start meetings and all of those productivity impacts that you have that are over and above
that. Now you get some tailwinds, and we'll get smarter at doing that. But a rough rule of thumb is that
$4 million to $5 million a month, that's the additional cost for those measures. Nancy B., would you add
anything to that?

Nancy K. Buese
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think that's right. And so that translates to about $3 an ounce. And the other piece of that is other
community funds that we may spend. But those -- just as a reminder, those are adjusted out of AISC
and adjusted EBITDA and ANI, but will certainly continue to impact free cash flow. So again, it's not huge
dollars in the overall scheme of things, but we would anticipate incurring those on a regular basis for the
foreseeable future.

Greg Barnes
TD Securities Equity Research

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Okay. And just the second question, Tom, given the environment we're in and the amount of free cash
flow you're generating, are you doing any early work or contemplating about how you could actually
increase your production profile?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Greg, no. We're looking at those 2 projects that are in late-stage definitive feasibility studies. So it's Ahafo
North and Yanacocha Sulfides. So they're both late-stage definitive feasibility full-funds next year. They're
2 sizable projects. And they will have a contribution to that production profile with the ebbs and flows
over that 10 years. That's where our focus is. And they will be significant drawers on free cash flow into
next year. And then the other thing you've got to balance up with that is that that will have 3 significant
projects in Tanami 2, Ahafo North and Yanacocha Sulfides, all happening in parallel.

And it's about then balancing that with your project execution risk. We will continue to invest in those
studies that are further up the pipeline. But we won't unnaturally move them forward. They need to go
through the proper -- they're big projects, and they need to go through the proper rigor and process,
and we'll continue to spend on our exploration efforts as well. So nothing significant, but we'll continue to
navigate our project pipeline through its natural course. Another way of looking at it is at current prices,
that as we continue to work our margins, applying full potential is it means more margin.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jackie Przybylowski of BMO Capital Markets.

Jackie Przybylowski
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

I guess, first, I'll ask Nancy, maybe circling back on the capital allocation and dividend question. Given
where we are with gold prices today, have you thought about maybe the difference between increasing
the regular dividend versus maybe just topping up with a one-timer special dividend in light of maybe the
peak gold prices were at? Is that something that you guys would think about doing?

Nancy K. Buese
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, we look at all those different options. And I think as we've talked before, there's a host of tools in our
toolbox ready for use. So we do prefer to consider how our regular dividend travels against the cycle. But
I would say at this point in time, we're just in the middle of putting together our '21 business plan. And
so our view would be is, let's continue that work, see how the next 5 years stack up, and then we'll be in
a really good position to test various tools against that backdrop and see where we are as we continue
the journey of capital allocation. As a reminder, we just increased our dividend. So we feel like that's a
very good level throughout the cycle and certainly understanding that we are generating more cash at this
time, we will, as always, continue to evaluate the right way to turn that cash to shareholders.

Jackie Przybylowski
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Fair enough. If I can also ask on the full potential program. I know the last couple of months have been
very difficult. But are you able to give us a bit of an update in terms of how it's going at Peñasquito? And
are you -- I know you mentioned that you've realized quite a bit of synergies there. But are you realizing
the benefits from the full potential program that you were expecting?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Jackie. I might ask Rob to give you some color on full potential, which is going very well, but if he
can fill in some details for you.

Robert D. Atkinson

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Executive VP & COO

Thanks, Jackie. And the simple answer is very much so that Tom mentioned in his preamble about the
rates that we were able to achieve after we came back from the care and maintenance. And really within
just a handful of days, we were back up to the record levels that we were reaching before. So going
through the mill, we were well above the 110,000 tonnes a day. And that just shows the amount of effort,
the stability and the focus that the team has got there.

We're also making big improvements in the mine in terms of the way in which we're digging the ore to
make sure there's no dilution. And just the accuracy of what's going through the plant there as well.
And really across the board, Peñasquito, Jackie, as you know, there's opportunity everywhere in terms
of the way in which we're utilizing our equipment, the effectiveness of our drill and blast, the quality of
the blasting in our supply chain, working on the availability of our equipment, the effectiveness of our
maintainers, et cetera. On all those accounts, we're seeing improvements. And I think the longer that we
continue to run, the more records that we're going to break there. So in answer, Jackie, it's been very
positive.

Operator

Our next question comes from Fahad Tariq of Crédit Suisse.

Fahad Tariq
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Can you provide just a bit more color on some of the geotechnical issues at Éléonore? I know you touched
on it during the prepared remarks. But maybe just talking about some of the options that you're looking at
to lower the cost there?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Fahad. I might pick that one up with a little bit of color, and then I'll get Rob to provide some
more details. But Éléonore is a similar story to the one we had at Leeville in Nevada back in '15 and
'16, where to really get an understanding of a complex geotechnical ore body you need to take your
models to -- in order of magnitude in more detail. And once you've got that level of understanding in that
model, you're bringing the geological model and you can better map out your mine plans and then your
appropriate mining methods for that ore body. That's the work that we've been doing over the last several
months and actually using some of the same people in day 14.

Kate Williams who did that work very successfully and led that work very successfully at Leeville in Carlin
back in '15 and '16. And now Leeville is a very important part of the Carlin underground complex at
Nevada Gold Mines. And largely because of the excellent work that they did. So that's the work that we're
now applying to Éléonore and all that knowledge and skill that we're applying to Éléonore. And I might get
Rob to give you some more specifics about the Éléonore mine and that issue.

Robert D. Atkinson
Executive VP & COO

Thanks, Tom, and thanks for the question, Fahad. And just to reinforce what Tom said is that as a minor,
the 2 key things that you look for an underground mine is a geological model that you've get confidence in
and a geotechnical model, you've get confidence in. And we've arrived at that position. And I think when
you kind of look back to what we reported earlier in the year about the reserves and the resources that,
we have got work to do in terms of the stope design in terms of our dilution and recovery.

And those are the key things that we continue to work on at Éléonore. And it really is -- the basics of
mining is how do you make sure that you're putting in place stops in the right sequence and the right size,
that you're not bringing on new forces of geotech, which caused disruption moving forward. So when you
send back in terms of the cost, as I spoke about before, we are resetting Éléonore to an operation around
that 250,000 ounces moving forward. And we have to reset the costs around that. And obviously outside

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

the people numbers. And as an example of that, pre-COVID at Éléonore, we have about 1,200 employees
and contractors. That's certainly got to get down to more like the 900-people level.

We've also recognized in our full potential area that the highest cost activity is in our development. And
we know that we've got to increase and improve the development rates that we're achieving there. And
certainly, the team is very focused on that. Similarly with all of our heavy equipment, we had too much
geared at Éléonore, and we've basically stripped the heavy equipment out to really be focusing on the
amount of equipment that you need to run a mine of that size. And whether that's the truck, that's the
loaders, that's the bolters. So we are now approaching the right amount of equipment. Now obviously,
that needs less operators, it needs less maintainers as well, and it flows into the cost. But the key thing,
which I'd emphasize, it really is around that -- managing that dilution and the recovery. And that's where
the team is very much focused on.

The other key point that we do have coming very much into our favor is the commissioning of the lower
mine handling system that is essentially, in essence, removes the need to truck up and 500 meters. So it's
going to provide quite a big productivity click there. But I hope that provides you with some detail in terms
of what we're doing at Éléonore.

And last, but by no means, least, we've got the team in place, and we've got the focus there, which will
really drive that harder than ever before. So with that, hope that helps, Fahad.

Operator

Our next question comes from Chris Terry of Deutsche Bank.

Christopher Michael Terry
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I just had a few shorter questions, hopefully. Firstly, just on Musselwhite. Just wanted a little bit more
clarity on the exact timing there. I think there's just been a little bit of confusion over the exact quarter
when we should expect production.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Chris. I'll get Rob to pick that one up.

Robert D. Atkinson
Executive VP & COO

Thanks, Chris. Musselwhite is going very well that we're expecting the conveyor system to be up and
running come the end of the year. So it is the fourth quarter. And December is the current time frame that
we're looking at. And just to give you a sense that in terms of the progress there that we've got 2 key
conveyors there that we're doing. We've got the conveyor frames on one of the 2-kilometer stretches.
We've got all the hanging supports in the other. So really, the critical path is we're on fire suppression and
then actually pulling and splicing the belts. But at the end of the year is what we are very much focused
on and is progressing well, Chris.

Christopher Michael Terry
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Thanks, Rob. And then just in terms of the use of capital, I guess, the CapEx minor changes in 2020
versus 2021? And then also just thinking about the greenfields exploration, which you'd pulled back
previously. So is the increase, it's all just COVID related? There's no kind of fundamental changes in
thinking of allocation or anything on that side? You would expect that you'll ramp up greenfield activities
as you get better access to sites in simple terms?

Robert D. Atkinson
Executive VP & COO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

That's right, Chris. So you'd expect to see our exploration go back to the similar spend as we guided to
this year once we got access to those locations. And then I think with the -- if I understood your question
correctly, with development capital, you'll see just we're focused on the critical path at Tanami 2, you'll
see some of that spend that would have been initially flowing into next year. So you'll see a bit higher
development capital in 2021 as a consequence of that sustaining capital will stay pretty stable. We don't
see any bell wave in the sustaining capital.

Christopher Michael Terry
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. And 2 other quick ones. So the autonomous work you've done. Can you just give an update on
where -- in terms of Boddington, and just if you've done any more work on other sites? Or if there's any
update for the autonomous positioning within the broader business?

Robert D. Atkinson
Executive VP & COO

So autonomous is really focused on Boddington at this point in time. And that's all progressing very
nicely. Those trucks will start to arrive in the not-too-distant future, coming out of the factory in Peoria.
And a nice caterpillar AHS test facility being commissioned in the next few weeks, just up the road from
Boddington.

So we're very well positioned to have a good caterpillar deal support. For other operations, where we
look to start -- if you want to take, as I did many years ago with IHS in the Pilbara, you build your pilot
site within the business you prove up what it can do and then you look at how it can be modeled across
the rest of the business. So that's step 1 strategically. And we're probably eying off those big projects
and see the definitive feasibility study, Norte Abierto, Nueva Unión, Galore Creek as to how autonomous
haulage could help those projects improve the economics of those projects as we optimize them at the
PFS stage and then look to see what is there in the application in our existing other operations. But that's
the strategic approach with IHS beyond Boddington at this point in time.

Christopher Michael Terry
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I guess the last one for me. You talked a lot about COVID impacts, but maybe to ask it in different ways.
There's 1 site or maybe 2 sites that you're still most concerned about as being the most vulnerable. I
assume it's South America, but are you able to give color on a particular side, is it Peñasquito, Yanacocha?
What keeps you up at night as the key risk from a COVID site?

Robert D. Atkinson
Executive VP & COO

Yes. It would -- it's the countries that and how those countries are managing the pandemic are the ones
that concern me. I'm very confident about our ability to manage the risk of spread of the infection at any
one of our operations. The protocols are the same everywhere. Our worry is more around the community
spread and then the governments needing to take action, and Mexico and Peru would be those 2 countries
that we watch carefully. But nothing in terms of what's happening on our side. It's more about how those
countries are managing the health crisis.

Operator

Our next question comes from Tanya Jakusconek of Scotiabank.

Tanya M. Jakusconek
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Rob, I just wanted to circle back on Éléonore, again, so that I understand it correctly. I think originally,
when we -- you took over the Goldcorp portfolio, I think Éléonore was viewed as a mine that would be
looking somewhere in the sort of the 325,000 ounce range or thereabouts. The change to 250,000 now as
you've reset it, is it a combination that -- and again, I maybe missed this, is your views on the reserve?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Or is it -- there's more dilution to this overall plan or less hoping that you have to do on an annual basis?
Not less hope -- yes, less hope because of the pressures that you have to open it up for? I'm just trying to
understand what change have you seen now. And the second part is, do you expect to get the synergies
that you had originally anticipated from this asset?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Tanya, thank you. And just to touch base on your question. I hope I kind of go down the right road
for you. But essentially, over the last year that we've had the asset, just doing more geotechnical
investigation for our experience and more geological modeling, including structural geology, our
understanding is so much greater. So when we've been able to see what we've got in practice with also
modeling, that's been the biggest change, and we've been able to adapt and refine. So it's really been
around the mining practices, which are being put in place to the way in which the ore presents. And the
condition which the ore is under. That's essentially what we're dealing with.

And so it's certainly not because the material is not there. It's how we're actually mining it. And I think
that's the key thing we should certainly say, Tanya. And that's why I still remain very, very focused on the
opportunity at Éléonore. We are still doing exploring both downward to see if the ore body continues plus
out on both sides as well as the full potential projects. And again, none of the full potential projects are
rocket science. It truly is the basics. And I think that as we get Éléonore fit for purpose and it's fighting
base around 250,000, we're going to see those synergies continue.

And I think it's important to say that the likes of the support for Éléonore is now already coming from
Denver. The supply chain is now coming from Denver. The G&A is being supported from Vancouver as well
as Denver. So we're already seeing the softer synergies there. But in the mine itself, it really is focusing on
the basics and making sure that we're mining that ore body the way it should be mined.

Robert D. Atkinson
Executive VP & COO

And maybe just one. The other overall synergies, Tanya, I think Éléonore was $25 million.

Tanya M. Jakusconek
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Yes. Okay. Maybe we'll take this off-line to get more into the technical details. Maybe one for Nancy, if I
could. Nancy, what -- as you look at your balance sheet and you look at that free cash flow that is being
generated, and you did say half of it back into the business and now half back to shareholders. Can you
just remind me what's the minimum cash balance that you like to keep on the balance sheet to run your
business?

Nancy K. Buese
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. We've talked about this in the past, Tanya. We certainly don't have a hard and fast around that.
I would say, generally, we keep in mind the fact that in certain countries, we do need to keep certain
balances or we have tax leakage coming back to the U.S. So it's a very complex network of where we're
going to spend capital and where we're generating free cash flow. I would say, generally speaking, that
number for us is around $2 billion. But it certainly does matter to us where that cash is available for
different purposes. So yes, I would sort of say in that $2 billion range, sometimes higher if we're getting
ready to enter a period of capital -- development capital work. But that's probably the minimum at the
lower end of the cycle.

Operator

Next question comes from Adam Graf of B. Riley FBR.

Adam Philip Graf
B. Riley FBR, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Just looking at the slides, I was struck by the big impact on GAAP earnings from the change in value from
your equity portfolio. And I was curious if maybe you could discuss the process and the speed that you
guys are going through those interests and how you're sorting through them and deciding what to get rid
of and when.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Adam. I might pick that one up and get Nancy to pick up some of that question as well. We're
continuing to look at cleaning up that equity portfolio. We talked about the group of equities that we didn't
see fitted with our portfolio going forward and looking at ways that we could potentially package them up
and sell them. So that work is continuing. And obviously, in the current price cycle, we want to make sure
we get full fair value for those as well.

So we're not pacing to do anything there. We're still testing the market with those that don't have a
strategic fit. We've also seen some of the swings and roundabouts, which Nancy might touch upon, but
you saw that, that value come off and that -- in the first quarter and then that value came back up again
as markets recovered. So you may be seeing some of that play through with those equities as gold price
moves around with the pandemic. Nancy, is there anything you'd add to Adam's question?

Nancy K. Buese
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I would just say that our unrealized holding gain and losses on that portfolio was about $227 million
or $0.28 and then the other piece of that is there was a tax benefit recognized resulting from those
changes. So that's really the impact of that portfolio, and it's really just relative to, I'm sure, valuation
around, current gold prices.

Adam Philip Graf
B. Riley FBR, Inc., Research Division

Sure, sure. Maybe just to change the subject. Can you guys -- do you have a schedule or an idea of
when you guys might be able to give us some more details regarding CapEx and grades and sort of a
summarized mine plan for the Yanacocha Sulfide project?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Adam, it's probably going to be the next year as we work through our definitive feasibility study work and
get closer to that full-funds approval or potentially as we issue our -- we could give some more color as
we issue our guidance again later this year. So we'd look for a milestone like that or closer to full funds
to provide an update. I mean that information we're sharing now from memory came with last year's
guidance issued in December. So that's typically when we -- as we revisit our plan and update numbers
and update our guidance that would be a bit logical place to maybe give some more color on that project.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Dudas of Vertical Research Partners.

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Tom, maybe one, just if you could share your thoughts on -- it's been the 1-year anniversary for the joint
venture in Nevada. Your perspective from when it -- when you engaged to where you are today and how
you see it from Newmont's standpoint?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Yes, from my perspective, Mike, it was a joint venture that should have been done a long time ago. And
I'm pleased that we're able to get it done in the first quarter of last year and bring those 2 assets together.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

You had in Newmont and you had in Barrick, mature assets that were both starting to enter into the
twilight stages of their life and declining production profiles. And I think the ability to bring those ore
bodies and those processing plants together brings life into those assets for both organizations and for
those communities through Northern Nevada. So I think it was a very good transaction that is creating
value for both Newmont and Barrick shareholders, and the whole is definitely worth more than some of
the individual parts. So I think it was -- continues for me to be a very good transaction. And quite frankly,
I think it's a transaction that should have been done some time ago, and I think too many egos got in the
way on both the Newmont side and the Barrick side. And I'm pleased it's done.

Michael Stephan Dudas
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

I think everybody agrees with that [ thought ]. How about relative to production cost to expectations that
Barrick have put through relative to what you envisioned? Is that -- you feel that's on the right track? And
maybe this could continue to be upside because of some of the power of those synergies that you cited?

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Certainly, we -- I mean, as the junior partner in the JV, we're looking to see the synergies realized,
and we continue to provide support and influence to see the value from those synergies coming through.
There is some very straightforward synergies, and then there's some that are harder to get as you start
to optimize mine plans around that double refractory ore. So we're keen to see those flow through, and
we continue to influence and support and seeing those flow through. The team also have had to manage
through the COVID pandemic as we all have, and I think Greg Walker and the team have done a yeoman's
job in terms of navigating through the pandemic and managing all the impacts that come from that, that
impact on both the production and cost performance. So continue to work with Barrick as the operator and
keen to see those synergies flow through.

Operator

This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Tom
Palmer for any closing remarks.

Thomas Ronald Palmer
President, CEO & Director

Thank you all for joining us today. And please, as we continue to manage the impacts of this nasty virus,
please, you and your families stay and keep safe and well, and we look forward to talking to you in the
not-too-distant future. Thank you, everybody.

Operator
The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

NEWMONT CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

