NIKE, Inc. NYSE:NKE
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, March 24, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.56

0.78

Revenue  (mm)

9638.35

10104.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Mar-24-2020 9:34 AM GMT

39.29

4.83

0.29

2.39

2.96

8849.05

39360.25

43399.01

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.66

0.71

0.58

0.56

0.62

0.86

0.70

0.78

(6.06 %)

21.13 %

20.69 %

39.29 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NIKE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 24, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrew Campion
Executive VP & COO

John J. Donahoe
President, CEO & Director

Matthew Friend
CFO of Nike Operating Segments &
VP of Investor Relations

ANALYSTS

Alexandra E. Walvis
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Jamie Susan Merriman
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Matthew Robert Boss
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NIKE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 24, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to NIKE, Inc.'s Fiscal 2020 Third Quarter Conference call. For those
who want to reference today's press release, you will find it at http://investors.nike.com.

Leading today's call is Matt Friend, CFO, Nike, Operating Segments, and Vice President, Investor Relations.

Before I turn the call over to Mr. Friend, let me remind you that participants on this call will make forward-
looking statements based on current expectations, and those statements are subject to certain risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks and uncertainties are detailed
in the reports filed with the SEC, including the annual report filed on Form 10-K. Some forward-looking
statements may concern expectations of future revenue growth or gross margin. In addition, participants
may discuss non-GAAP financial measures, including references to constant dollar revenue. References to
constant dollar revenue are intended to provide context as to the performance of the business eliminating
foreign exchange fluctuations.

Participants may also make references to other nonpublic financial and statistical information and non-
GAAP financial measures. To the extent nonpublic financial and statistical information is discussed,
presentations of comparable GAAP measures and quantitative reconciliations will be made available at
NIKE's website http://investors.nike.com.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Matt Friend, CFO, Operating Segments, and Vice President, Investor
Relations.

Matthew Friend
CFO of Nike Operating Segments & VP of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss NIKE, Inc.'s fiscal
2020 third quarter results. As the operator indicated, participants on today's call may discuss non-GAAP
financial measures. You will find the appropriate reconciliations in our press release, which was issued
about 1 hour ago, or at our website, investors.nike.com.

Joining us on today's call will be NIKE, Inc. President and CEO, John Donahoe; and our Chief Financial
Officer, Andy Campion. We are sitting together in a conference room 6 feet apart practicing social
distancing. Following Andy and John's prepared remarks, we will take your questions. We would like to
allow as many of you to ask questions as possible in our allotted time. [Operator Instructions] Thanks for
your cooperation on this.

I will now turn the call over to Nike, Inc. President and CEO, John Donahoe.

John J. Donahoe
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Matt, and hello to everyone on the call.

Over the last quarter, Nike delivered 7% currency-neutral revenue growth despite the material impact
from COVID-19 in China. This performance reflects the strong business momentum we had in Q3 across
all of our geographies and categories. But let's take a step back. We're living in an unprecedented
moment. And like never before, each day requires a close inspection of a very dynamic external
environment and a clear determination of how we will respond. So let me tell you what we've seen over
the past 2 months.

When COVID-19 began to aggressively spread across China in late January, our top priority was to protect
the health and safety of our teammates and our consumers. We immediately began closing stores. And as
of 45 days ago, we had closed more than 5,000 stores in Greater China while the remaining open doors
were operating with severely reduced hours. Not surprisingly, retail volume in China plummeted, but we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NIKE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 24, 2020

acted quickly and decisively, leveraging our diverse sourcing base and digital capabilities to manage the
business with flexibility and shifting our inventory to serve consumer digital demand.

At a time when people were confined to their homes, we moved swiftly to leverage our digital app
ecosystem and Nike Expert Trainer network to inspire and support consumers across China to stay active
and connected while at home. As a result, our Nike Training Club workouts in China saw an extraordinary
rise in sign up and engagement. In fact, our weekly active users for all of our NIKE activity apps were
up 80% by the end of Q3 versus the beginning of the quarter. And here's what happened. The strong
engagement of Chinese consumers with our activity apps translated into strong engagement with our NIKE
commerce app. As a result, our digital business in China grew more than 30% and maintained strong
momentum throughout this challenging period, a powerful statement of NIKE's agile problem-solving in
times of disruption.

Then approximately 30 days ago, we began to gradually reopen stores in China. People got back to work,
and retail traffic began improving significantly. Today, nearly 80% of our stores in China have reopened,
with more coming back online every day. In fact, just last week, we reopened our first store in the Wuhan
area. And the results are encouraging. Our digital business in China has accelerated even further over
the past month, and we are now seeing double-digit increases in retail traffic week-over-week with some
stores having already returned to prior year levels. Credit for this response goes to Angela Dong, who
leads our Greater China geography and her talented team of more than 1,600. I spoke with Angela 2
nights ago, and she has been telling me about the positive sentiment consumers in China are feeling for
NIKE, and I can't overstate how impressed I am. It's become quite clear to me that when NIKE says we
are a brand of China for China, it's really true. And it's no surprise to see the business already rebounding
given the depth of our connection and the incredible strength of our local leadership team.

So today, I can say that we're seeing the other side of the crisis in China. And due to the resilience and
creativity of our team in China, we now have a playbook that we can use elsewhere. In addition to Greater
China, we've applied that playbook in Japan and South Korea over the past 2 months, and we're seeing
early momentum in those markets as well. And with COVID-19 now spreading across Europe and the U.S.,
we are applying the same playbook. We have prioritized the health and safety of our teammates, and
we have closed our stores. Over the weekend, we drove a strong digital marketing campaign to engage
consumers across Europe and across the U.S. to stay healthy and connected while they're at home. And
our digital commerce remains open and in growth mode, supported by our teammates in our distribution
centers.

We also know that this is a moment in society where the private sector has a major role to play.
Companies like NIKE need to do our part. So our teams in innovation and manufacturing are exploring
designs for personal protective equipment, or PPE, to support doctors, nurses and others on the frontline
of this outbreak. Based on needs identified by the teams and health professionals at Oregon Health and
Science University, our teammates are working right now about how to best help, including prototyping
face shields of OHSU and others. It's been so energizing to see the quick strike efforts of the cross-
functional team to try to help with this critical need.

That said, we expect the next several weeks to be a challenging period for those living in the U.S. and
Europe. And I can't precisely predict how long the containment phase of the outbreak will last. But
our experience in China, Japan and South Korea gives us confidence that we will see the other side of
this crisis in the near future. And I can assure you this, as the situation continues to evolve, we will be
ready, and we will respond. We'll be guided by our values, and we will execute with empathy and with
decisiveness.

For instance, we'll continue to maintain pay continuity even while our facilities are closed or have altered
schedules. We know that our people are vital to fueling our deep connections with consumers, whether
they work in our stores or our distribution centers. And what's more, it's simply the right thing to do.
So while this is an uncertain and challenging time, NIKE has the foundation in place to emerge from
it stronger than ever. Thanks to our competitive advantages, the power of our brand in connection
with consumers, our digital capabilities, our compelling product innovation and most importantly our
extraordinary team, we will manage our business back to full recovery. We know in times like these that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NIKE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 24, 2020

strong brands get even stronger. And I truly believe that no one is better equipped than NIKE to navigate
the current climate.

So with that said, let's go a bit deeper. I spent the last 90 days digging into this extraordinary company. I
thought I knew NIKE after 5 years on the board, but believe me, when you get to dive even deeper, this
place is even more impressive than I imagined. Let me walk you through what I've learned through the
lens of the 4 strengths I just mentioned: our strong brand, our digital advantage, our product innovation
and our extraordinary team. These are the strengths that will continue to set us apart, and these are the
strengths that will allow us to shape the future marketplace going forward.

Since I started as CEO in January, I have visited with our teams in several of our key cities, experiencing
firsthand our deep connections with local consumers around the world as well as our innovative retail
concepts. I've also had the opportunity to meet with many of our most important strategic partners.
During my first week as CEO in early January, I spent time in China and Japan before the virus took
hold. I got to see firsthand just how deeply the NIKE, Jordan and Converse brands are connecting with
consumers, both in compelling retail executions and in the many ways that NIKE partners with regional,
local governments to grow physical activity and sports. Our brand is driving these powerful connections
to consumers worldwide. In fact, we were the #1 favorite brand in all 12 of our key cities in Q3, and we
continue to gain market share in key cities, such as Berlin, Mexico City and Tokyo.

And during a time of physical store closures around the world, we know that our digital foundation will
help us emerge out of this situation in an even stronger position. For instance, in Q3, digital delivered 36%
currency-neutral growth, and it will continue to be a powerful driver of our deep consumer connections. As
I mentioned early, we are executing our learnings from China about fueling sport and fitness all over the
world. We're using our digital advantage to connect with and support our consumers as behaviors around
staying healthy at home continue to evolve.

Over the weekend, we made the NTC premium free for everyone in the U.S. for 90 days. NTC premium
offers the best on-demand workouts and expert tips from our master trainers and others as well as
inspiration and support for healthy living. Digital remains our fastest-growing channel, with owned and
partnered digital already representing more than 20% of our overall business. And our apps continue
to be the sharp point of our growth. With the Nike App growing revenue close to triple digits once again
in Q3, fueling member acquisition and strong monthly engagement. And while we've driven impressive
results, acquiring new members, engaging them and fueling increased digital demand, we know that the
opportunity here is still far greater than what we've realized to date and will become an even greater
advantage for NIKE as we move forward.

And even while our stores remain closed in Europe and the U.S., we continue to work on defining the
future of seamless physical and digital retail. To expand the advantage we have in digital, we continue
to invest in our NIKE Direct businesses, enhancing rich experiences like those in the Nike App at Retail.
And we are increasingly concentrating on our online to off-line journey and accelerating our work to fully
connect the marketplace while creating frictionless experiences for consumers throughout the world.

Another clear competitive advantage is our product innovation. Our product and innovation have always
set NIKE apart from others, and I firmly believe this will become even more important of a differentiator
as we look ahead. Over the past couple of months, I've spent a lot of time with our innovation, design,
product and merchandising teams. I've done several deep dives in these areas, and I am truly blown
away. As a Board member, you get to see a lot, but you can never fully understand how impressive NIKE's
product innovation capability is until you spend time with our teams.

For instance, today, we have more than 1,000 designers working at NIKE, with broad and deep talent
across footwear and apparel. And you can just feel how their creativity and vision for product inspires
everyone here and inspires consumers around the world. I got to see some of this innovative product
on display at the Nike 2020 Forum last month in New York, which served as a great illustration of the
power of our 2X Innovation offense. There, we announced a powerful array of breakthrough products,
such as our Next% footwear line which offers measurable benefits to consumers. We also launched a new
aesthetic for sustainability where we're delivering new scalable platforms like no one else. And by bringing

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NIKE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 24, 2020

together athletes and creative partners as only NIKE can, the forum was an optimistic statement about the
future of sport culture.

And our advantage goes beyond our incredible product pipeline. It has become even more clear to me
why NIKE leads the industry. Our innovation, product and design teams have an unrelenting commitment
to discovering what's next. This culture of innovation is pervasive across our organization and deeply
embedded within NIKE teams around the world. From those who engage consumers at retail, to those
creating the next wave of digital experiences that connect with consumers daily. Fueled by data and
analytics capabilities, we are equipped with deep consumer insight that we combine with our design
expertise and athlete research. This process directly translates into breakthrough product season after
season, allowing us to drive more separation in the marketplace.

There's one last thing I'd like to mention. As you know, the organized sports world remains on hold and
yet the global culture of health and wellness continues unabated. In fact, in many ways, people are
looking to health and wellness now more than ever. Whether it's to stay in shape at home or with a focus
on mental health in stressful times, people all over the globe are finding ways to make sport a daily habit
wherever, whenever and however they can. And as you may have seen, this past weekend, we encouraged
consumers worldwide to work out at home with a simple message: Play inside, play for the world.

We're seeing new behaviors normalize in countries all over the globe, and we're shifting our entire
consumer ecosystem to deliver access to sports that speaks to consumers' changing lives. Across key
markets, we're working to create shared experiences and opportunity for virtual participation, connecting
people to something bigger and showing how sport can inspire. And though there's no predicting when
organized sports will restart when our athletes, teams and leagues can return to competition, I do have
one guarantee. When the gates reopen, when the first whistle sounds, the energy is going to be off the
charts. The world's passion for sports remains undiminished. And when it all returns, NIKE will be right
there with sports fans everywhere.

In summary, I'm incredibly proud of our team and the results they delivered in Q3. And amidst
unprecedented conditions across the globe, we are staying focused on not simply managing through this
situation but taking the actions that will allow us to emerge from it even stronger than before. We know it
won't be easy, but NIKE is better prepared than anyone else to regain that momentum, extend our brand
leadership and reshape the future marketplace.

NIKE has a long history of rising to the occasion in extraordinary times to deliver strong results and effect
extraordinary change in the world of sport and beyond. And that's what we're going to do once again.

With that, I'll now turn the call over to Andy.

Andrew Campion
Executive VP & COO

Thanks, John, and hello to everyone on the call. Before I speak to our business, our priority right now is,
first and foremost, our people. Ensuring the health, safety and well-being of our teammates around the
world is the foundation for all of the business decisions we're making.

We have a maxim at NIKE, we win as a team. And I can tell you that the resilience, strength, empathy and
creativity of our teammates has never been on greater display. Our team has always been NIKE's greatest
advantage. On that note, I want to congratulate one of my teammates, Matt Friend, on his new role going
forward. Matt and I have worked closely together since he joined NIKE 11 years ago. He's been a great
thought partner to me over that time, and we're working seamlessly together through this transition. As I
move into my new role with NIKE, I could not be more confident in NIKE's financial management with Matt
as our CFO.

So as we close Q3 and look ahead, we see 3 key themes. First, as we enter these challenging
circumstances, NIKE's brand leadership and business momentum have been stronger than ever and
unrivaled around the world. In Q3, we delivered 7% currency-neutral revenue growth overall, led by
13% growth in both EMEA and APLA. NIKE Greater China was also on pace to deliver another quarter of
strong double-digit revenue growth prior to the impact of COVID-19. And in North America, our strong

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NIKE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 24, 2020

mid-single-digit reported rate of revenue growth would have been roughly 3 points higher if not for
noncomparable items, including the sale of Hurley and our shift to a licensed business model with Fanatics
relative to the NFL. While those transactions had a negative impact on our year-over-year revenue growth
comparisons, they also result in higher profitability for NIKE.

Across all of our geographies and Converse, digital remained our fastest-growing channel, growing 36%
on a currency-neutral basis. In fact, each of our geographies and Converse exceeded 30% digital revenue
growth in the quarter. Our growth was also broad-based across categories as well as across women's and
men's, all fueled by innovation platforms and power franchises such as the Air Max 270, the Air Force
1 and the Air Jordan 1. Our launch of the Air Jordan 11 "Bred" was the largest in our history with the
product selling out in 28 minutes powered by the SNKRS App. In fact, the Jordan Brand grew double digits
globally in the quarter.

The LeBron 17, Giannis Zoom Freak and the City Edition NBA jerseys fueled basketball's strong growth.
And in running, we unveiled our most advanced performance running shoe ever, the Alphafly Next%. We
also launched the new Infinity React, designed to help runners run longer, and we've seen very strong sell-
through, particularly with women.

Apparel also fueled growth in the quarter, growing faster than footwear, with double-digit apparel growth
in our sportswear, training, basketball, women's and kids' categories.

Setting aside the noncash nonrecurring charges related to our business model changes in South America,
NIKE, Inc.'s earnings exceeded the earnings that were implied in the financial guidance we provided 90
days ago. We were able to deliver that strong bottom line performance, even including the impact of
COVID-19 on Greater China.

The second key theme as we look ahead, relates to how we're addressing the evolving implications of
COVID-19. As John said, we are executing on an operational playbook focused on positioning NIKE for an
expedited return to profitable, capital-efficient growth. We see each of our markets progressing through
a time series that begins with the country addressing the COVID-19 outbreak, followed by 3 phases from
a business perspective: one, a recovery period, including, for example, the ramp-up of store reopenings;
two, a period of normalization across consumer demand and supply; and three, a period in which we
return to strong growth.

Why are we so confident in our approach? Well, as John said, our team in Greater China has given us a
playbook for the rest of the world. Based upon the most recent trends we see today, NIKE Greater China
has already progressed through the recovery phase and is now transitioning into the normalization phase.
Specifically, we are seeing accelerating strong double-digit, approaching triple-digit growth in our NIKE
Digital business. At the same time, roughly 80% of our 7,000 brick-and-mortar NIKE-owned and partner
stores are now open. Based on the latest trends in our business, NIKE Greater China Q4 revenue will likely
be roughly flat versus Q4 of fiscal year '19.

We're also executing on this playbook in Japan and Korea. Both markets are entering the normalization
phase, fueled by strong digital growth and significant week-over-week increases in retail traffic and
demand for NIKE. Based on what we're experiencing in China, Korea and Japan, we are optimistic. At the
same time, this has become a global pandemic. Each country is addressing COVID-19 differently. And
accordingly, our markets will progress through the 3 phases from a business perspective on different time
lines. That adds some complexity from a global point of view. So we're also executing against a top-down
enterprise-wide operational plan.

Our top-down plan includes: one, tight cost management; and two, daily global demand and supply
optimization. Accordingly, our Q4 SG&A will be lower than prior year Q4 spending. We're also taking
decisive action with respect to supply on a global basis, while shifting our distribution focus to digital in the
face of temporary retail store closures. As a result, Q4 fiscal year '20 and fiscal year '21 year-over-year
revenue, margin and inventory growth rates will neither be intuitive nor linear. Our measures of success
in the near term will be rooted in the amount of inventory on-hand relative to the pace of digital demand,
store reopenings and traffic patterns.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NIKE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 24, 2020

Now going into this, we were fortunately experiencing a very strong pull market for NIKE globally, with
some of the highest rates of full-price sell-through we have ever experienced. So we're now aggressively
managing all of our operating levers to ensure that we expedite NIKE's return to that strong full market.
Realigning supply and demand is our focus operationally.

We're also executing this plan leveraging 2 of NIKE's long-standing and greatest competitive advantages.
First, Nike's financial strength. Liquidity will not be an issue for NIKE. In order to ensure resilience during
challenging times, we have long maintained a strong balance sheet, a strong investment-grade credit
rating and ample access to capital, all coupled with strong operating cash flow generation. NIKE's liquidity
and access to capital affords us the ability to be principled, for example, with respect to pay continuity,
and decisive relative to real-time supply and demand management.

Second, we have forged the strongest partnerships across the value chain in this industry. That includes,
among others, our marketplace partners like Topsports, Pou Sheng and Tmall in China as well as Foot
Locker, DICK'S, JD and Zalando across the U.S. and Europe. Of course, we also have long-standing
partnerships that span decades with manufacturers such as Feng Tay, Shenzhou, Chang Shin and many
others. We're working closely with all of these strategic partners on a daily basis. Our partners recognize
that the stronger NIKE is going forward, the stronger they are. Of course, NIKE is not operating in
isolation. External factors will continue to be dynamic, and we will continue to adjust our execution
accordingly.

The third key theme as we look forward. While the setbacks from a business perspective will be significant
for all, NIKE will come back even stronger as a brand and as a company. Consumer behavior is changing
real time. We're all witnessing new normals emerge in terms of both how consumers shop and stay active.
Sport is being redefined as much broader than competition as the world finds new and creative ways to
stay healthy and fit. And NIKE's digital ecosystem is keeping us connected real time. From a marketplace
perspective, NIKE Digital growth is accelerating amidst these dynamics.

From a digital capability perspective, the investments we've made to date are now proving to be the
foundation for our resilience amidst challenge, and they will be strength as we emerge. For example, we're
leveraging select team and tools to dynamically model demand, pricing, planning and allocation; we're
leveraging our NIKE membership platform and NIKE mobile app ecosystem to inspire and enable people
to be active at home, while also providing targeted product offers and services to consumers. And the
foundation we've built in enterprise data and analytics is fueling our more agile end-to-end execution.

As we've said, we're still in the early innings of NIKE's digital transformation. But the capabilities we've
already been building for the future are proving to be the strongest pillars within our business today. As
John said, simply put, these are times in which strong brands get stronger, and we're confident that NIKE
will come back stronger than ever.

Now let's turn to the details of our third quarter financial results and operating segment performance.
NIKE, Inc. Q3 revenue grew 5%, up 7% on a currency-neutral basis, reflecting strong balanced growth
across EMEA, APLA, North America and Greater China prior to the impact of COVID-19, all fueled by Nike
digital growing 36% versus prior year. Gross margin declined by 80 basis points in Q3 as higher average
selling prices and better off-price margin were offset by the impact of COVID-19 primarily in Greater China
as we managed inventory sell-through in that market. Gross margin was also negatively impacted by FX
headwinds and incremental tariffs in North America.

SG&A grew 6% in Q3. We continue to invest in our digital transformation, while also beginning to more
tightly manage operating overhead and shift demand creation. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was
3.9% compared to 14.7% for the same period last year due to a shift in the proportion of earnings taxed
in the U.S. and increased benefits from discrete items.

Third quarter diluted EPS was $0.53, including the $0.25 noncash nonrecurring FX-related charge
associated with the transition of Brazil, Argentina, Chile and Uruguay to strategic distributor models.

As of February 29, inventories were up 7% compared to the prior period reflecting healthy full-price versus
off-price mix prior to the impacts of COVID-19.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NIKE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 24, 2020

With that, let's turn to our reported operating segments. In North America, Q3 revenue grew 4% on
a reported and currency-neutral basis, which again would have been approximately 3 points higher
adjusting for the sale of Hurley and our partnership with Fanatics regarding the NFL business. In Q3,
NIKE Digital grew over 30% and the Nike App grew over 60% in North America. New York City and L.A.
each grew double digits, fueled by differentiated NIKE consumer experiences. As an example, in L.A.,
we launched our newest Nike Live concept store in Glendale, which blew passed our expectations, and
significantly over-indexed in terms of the women's business.

Now as of today, we've closed our own stores in North America. Going forward, we will reopen stores on
a location-by-location basis as we closely monitor developments. At the same time, NIKE Digital demand
has been extraordinary, with NIKE Digital commerce sales over just the past few days approaching holiday
peak levels, growing triple digits over just the past week. We've maintained operations in our distribution
centers, implementing social distancing and reduced staffing, while focusing on the shipment of digital
orders.

Now let's turn to EMEA, where we continue to build on our extraordinary brand momentum. In Q3,
revenue in EMEA grew 13% on a currency-neutral basis with double-digit growth in most key categories.
Women's growth strongly outpaced men's, apparel accelerated faster than footwear, and digital was up
over 40%. The NIKE Brand has never been stronger in EMEA. In every key city in EMEA, consumers rated
NIKE their #1 favorite and cool brand.

We also gained significant market share in Q3 across both footwear and apparel, driving further brand
separation. Greater speed and agility also fueled our growth and share gains in EMEA in Q3, with over
30% of EMEA revenue and nearly 80% of EMEA incremental growth flowing through our Express Lane. In
order to help limit the spread of COVID-19, we have also closed our own stores in Western Europe and
select Eastern European markets. And similar to the U.S., we will reopen on a location-by-location basis
based on developments.

NIKE Digital continues to grow versus prior year, and we're maintaining operations in our distribution
centers, again, shifting their focus towards digital distribution.

In our APLA geography, revenue grew 13% on a currency-neutral basis. Growth was fueled by our key
cities and was balanced across key categories, nearly all of which were up double digits. The Jordan Brand,
in particular, was incredibly strong in APLA, growing nearly 50% in the quarter, with new innovation like
the Jordan Max 200, along with fresh new approaches to Jordan icons all resonating with consumers.

In performance running, our accelerating momentum continued especially in Japan, where we dominated
the Hakone Ekiden competitive race, seeing a record 84% of participants wearing NIKE. The energy
around running in Japan is being fueled by the Vaporfly Next% as well as a halo effect that is impacting
other performance models like the Zoom Fly, Rival Fly and Peg Turbo, which all grew triple digits in Q3.

NIKE Digital grew 51%, and wholesale grew double digits overall on a currency-neutral basis as business
with our differentiated strategic partners grew 5x as fast as undifferentiated distribution. As we've said,
APLA is our most diverse geography, so we are seeing the impact of COVID-19 vary significantly across
Asian and Latin American countries.

With that, let's turn to Greater China. While our full quarter results in Greater China were significantly
impacted by COVID-19, it is worth providing some dimension. Our momentum in China continued to be
extraordinary through mid-January. Our revenue growth was on track to exceed the expectations that we
set 90 days ago, fueled by NIKE Digital. We launched the Nike App in China in Q3, and today, we already
have 5 million Nike App downloads. And as John said, we're also seeing a spike in weekly average users
on our activity apps as we inspire and enable consumers to engage in sport at home.

We're now, as I said, through the recovery phase and into the normalization period in China. Today,
our digital commerce growth continues to accelerate, with triple-digit growth in demand just this last
week. Most of our stores and our partner stores are open; retail traffic is significantly accelerating week-
over-week; and we're beginning to see a decline from the peak inventory levels we experienced. We are
confident that NIKE Greater China is on track to return to growth in fiscal year '21.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NIKE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 24, 2020

As we look ahead, we will not be providing financial guidance for Q4 due to the uncertainty resulting from
the spread of COVID-19. For fiscal year '21, we have been planning performance in line with our long-term
financial model. The year-over-year growth rate base comparisons will no longer be meaningful. So we'll
share the approach that we're taking with respect to fiscal year '21 on our next earnings call.

All of that said, we are confident that executing our operational plan will position NIKE for a return to
profitable capital-efficient growth. That will happen over time as each country addresses COVID-19 at a
different pace. But our confidence in the return to growth is founded on the relatively rapid recovery and
early signs of normalization we are already seeing in China, Korea and Japan.

In these challenging times, NIKE's competitive advantages are showing up as extraordinary resilience. As
we emerge from these challenges, those same competitive advantages will show up as strength and brand
distinction. Those unique strengths include NIKE's deep, authentic connection to consumers, our pipeline
of innovative products, our financial strength and capacity, our industry-leading digital capabilities, our
strong partnerships and most importantly our talented and committed teams around the world. I would
not trade NIKE's team or position with anybody.
With that, we'll now open up the call for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NIKE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 24, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Your first question is from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim Securities.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

I just -- on the questioning for the -- I guess just on the inventory and the innovation pipeline, when you
think about the halting of organizational, the sports and the Olympics and basketball, can you just talk us
through how you're thinking about the pipeline given the postponement of the Olympics? You showed us
some really great products last month. I'd just love to hear how you're approaching that piece of it. And
then the second piece of it is just can you elaborate a little more on how flexible your spending is, your
demand creation that you sort of had planned for the next, let's call it, 6 months.

John J. Donahoe
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Bob. It's John. Why don't I take the first part of the question? Maybe, Andy, you take the second
piece. So obviously, the world of organized sports, professional sports leagues and now the Olympics,
have put things on hold. And they're doing, I think, what's appropriate by prioritizing the health and safety
of their athletes and fans, and we're very supportive of that. And we look forward to when organized sport
will be back and running. And when they are, we'll be there.

But I think it's important to separate those sporting events and our innovation pipeline because we will
continue to move forward in our innovation pipeline. And as I said earlier, we're very excited about the
products in that pipeline and the products we're introducing, in fact, more excited than perhaps any
time before. And while we announced some of these products around the Olympics, if the Olympics gets
deferred for a year, we can still launch them on our timing. So 2 specific examples. As you know, the Next
% performance running line will allow runners of all abilities to have the same technology and measurable
benefits of the Alphafly Next% that the world's leading marathoners have. And we can launch that when
the time is right, unrelated to the Olympics. Similarly, some of the sustainability products we announced
at the forum, the VaporMax 2020, which utilizes 75% recycled manufacturing waste, or the Space Hippie
line, which is an innovative way to have low-carbon footprint footwear, we can launch when the time is
right, when we get to the recovery and normalization periods. And so consumer demand for those things
is strong and will continue to be strong. And so we simply are going to move ahead with our product
pipeline at the right moments in the right ways.

I'll just make one small final example before turning it over to Andy. In China, we got creative, and we
took a couple of launches that were scheduled in February and made them digital-only launches. So the
Air Jordan Retro High OG and the Air Jordan 5 Retro, we made digital-only launches in a world where
stores are closed and -- but digital demand is strong. So we're going to proceed full speed ahead with that
product pipeline.

Andy, do you want to talk about the second part of the question?

Andrew Campion
Executive VP & COO

Yes. I'd just say, just to summarize some of what both John and I said in the remarks and John just
reiterated, we came into these circumstances in an incredibly strong position. Some of the highest full-
price sell-through we've seen. Inventory is really healthy. As we go forward, we recognize that there will
be some promotion in the marketplace. But as John said, we've also got an amazing pipeline of innovative
and compelling fresh products. And what we'll be doing is working on the timing of the launch of those

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NIKE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 24, 2020

products and the flow of those products over time, so that while we're working through energy, we're --
and working through inventory, we're also bringing distinctive energy to the market and to consumers.

You asked about our licensed business. Just for context, our licensed business is a very low single-digit
percentage of our overall business. We'll have some impact on that business. I'd say, just keep in mind
that a lot of these elite sporting activities or events are being postponed versus necessarily canceled.
Although some of them have been canceled. But one of the things we recognize around here is our
product -- some of our product has a little bit longer life cycle. And come fall, we think we could be kicking
off one of the greatest years in sports history.

Now you also asked about SG&A. So from an SG&A perspective, the short answer is we've got quite a bit
of flexibility within our SG&A. And that's one of the reasons you saw us deliver profitability even in Q3,
when we were all a bit taken off guard by the significant impact of COVID-19, we were still able to deliver
profitability that exceeded the guidance we set 90 days ago. As I also mentioned, based on some quick
and agile work across our cross-functional teams, we see SG&A in Q4 declining versus prior year. There's
quite a bit of flexibility in demand creation. And actually, it ties back to your question about sport. As John
mentioned in his remarks, we've done some really creative things from a digital connectivity perspective
with huge impact. So quick, low-cost, extraordinary impact. And we think within demand creation, we can
save quite a bit of our powder for the return to sport that we see within fiscal year '21.

Within SG&A, our liquidity and our access to capital allows us within SG&A to stay very principled. So
continued pay continuity, as John talked about. And at the same time, continuing to invest in those things
that even now more than ever, we see as differentiators long term, albeit, we'll do it in a more focused
way. So beyond that, there are quite a bit of opportunities with operating overhead and CapEx. And when
I said our team has just been amazing in terms of their resilience and creativity, it actually includes in
terms of tightly managing our cost.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. Okay. And I just have one quick follow-up. Andy, you mentioned the Infinity React helps runners
run longer. I can run a pretty solid 11-minute mile for 2 miles in my Epic React Flyknits. If I switch over to
the Infinity Reacts, do you think I can get 3 10-minute miles out of those?

Andrew Campion
Executive VP & COO

I think we should sign up for the New York Marathon. I'll come out there and run it with you in November.
How's that?

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Sounds like a plan.

Operator

Your next question is from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Welcome, John. Congrats to all 3 of you on your new roles. Sorry it's not under more normal
circumstances. John, given NIKE's leadership position in the global consumer landscape, I'd really
appreciate a little bit more detail on this kind of successful China coronavirus playbook that you mentioned
you're now rolling out to rest of world. You hinted at some of the successful digital strategies to connect to
consumers when they're stuck at home. Feel free to add any more color there. But maybe could you also
distinguish between the recovery you're seeing and the behavior you're seeing in stores versus that strong
digital offset you mentioned? Do you expect this share that you seem to be capturing digital -- digitally

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NIKE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 24, 2020

to be sticky long term? And then maybe could you -- most importantly, could you also talk about whether
you'd expect a similar sort of demand curve in other markets as coronavirus rolls through.

John J. Donahoe
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Omar. So one of the real advantages, as you said, of NIKE being a scaled global company is
we can extract learning and insight from each of our markets. And so here's what we've seen, just to
quickly recap what Andy and I talked about. We're looking at things through the lens of 4 phases to this:
containment of the outbreak, first; second, recovery period when stores reopen; third, normalization
when things get back to growth from the prior year; and then fourth, return to growth. And the data
from actually China, Japan and Korea was fairly consistent. Containment took 5 to 6 weeks. Stores were
closed but the e-commerce growth in all 3 markets remained strong during that time, augmented by NIKE
connecting with consumers around being active while at home. Now all 3 markets are through what we're
calling recovery, that is retail is opening back up. Consumers are back on the streets. And we're seeing, as
we move into normalization, retail traffic is coming back. Consumers are in the stores. They're engaged.
They're often wearing face masks, but they're back on the street.

Interestingly, digital has accelerated even more since the stores have been open. Again, I think pointing
to this blended digital versus physical experience is a thing of the past. Consumers don't think in those
terms. So I bring a sort of consumer technology lens, where we learned that consumers want to get what
they want, when they want, how they want it. And they don't think about, oh, I'm going to make a digital
purchase or a physical purchase. A consumer may often start shopping on their mobile device, they may
go into a store and have it shipped at home, they may order online and pick it up in a store. And what
we're seeing in Japan, China and Korea is that seamless digital-physical experience is responding to what
consumers want.

And I might note as our business comes back in those 3 markets, we're outperforming our competition,
consistent with a mantra of ensuring that we come through this period in an even stronger position and
extend our leadership position. So in the U.S., obviously, we're in much -- we're earlier in the cycle. We've
closed the stores. We're taking care of our employees. We digitally connected with consumers over the
weekend around health and their activity. So our brand is present day in and day out with them. As Andy
mentioned, we're seeing very strong digital growth, even in these dark days. And we're managing our
inventory so that we can be ready when recovery comes. We can't -- none of us can't predict perfectly
how long the containment phase is going to take in the U.S. and Europe. But what we can know is when
stores start reopening -- or while stores are closed, we're going to be there digitally. We're going to be
there digitally with activity apps and commerce. And when the stores start reopening, we're going to be
leveraging our strengths, our unique strengths, with strong compelling product, a digital connection with
consumers that is unmatched, these seamless digital and physical experiences at both NIKE Direct and our
partners. We're working very closely with our partners. And in fact, in the last 3 days, I've talked to the
CEOs of Zalando, JD, Foot Locker, in the last couple of months, met with DICK's CEO, the CEOs of our 2
Chinese partners, we're working together to be ready when things recover and then our brand.

So I think it's going to accelerate what was already going to happen with digital transformation.
Consumers will continue, digital is a more prominent role in their lives. You'll see more digital growth.
And I think the shape of the future marketplace where differentiated retail thrives, undifferentiated retail
struggles. That will simply be accelerated. So we intend to drive both.

Operator

Our next question is from Jamie Merriman with Bernstein.

Jamie Susan Merriman
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

John, just on 2 of the topics you just mentioned and specifically how you're thinking about working with
partners. Can you just comment on how you think about inventory in the wholesale channel as stores do
eventually reopen? And maybe that's by geography. And then also on the topic of integration of online and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NIKE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 24, 2020

off-line, can you just update us on how those -- specifically those traditional physical partners are thinking
about their own investments and working with you on some of the initiatives that you've put in place like
RFID?

John J. Donahoe
President, CEO & Director

Jamie, I'll sort of blend it a little bit. And then maybe, Andy, you can talk through as you've been working
actively with our partners over the last week on inventory. What I can tell you, as what I said earlier, is
that our strategic partners who are our strongest partners and the one committed to creating seamless
digital and physical experiences of the future, our focus was them -- with them is on the future and
coming back strong together and coming back in as healthy a marketplace as possible. And so -- and we
engage with them both around their physical stores and around online. In fact, I was on the phone this
morning with the CEO of Zalando, who is obviously a very -- Zalando's a very innovative e-commerce
company in Europe, and we are sharing data in very innovative ways around consumers so that we can
offer the best experiences to consumers in a differentiated way in the markets across Europe. And so
the conversations around the future, I think all of them see the same blended or seamless digital and
physical experience together that we're committed to creating. And I think we all believe that this is going
to become an era of differentiated retail versus undifferentiated, and they see opportunity. We have to
work through this challenging period together, which we will. But I think all of them see the opportunity to
emerge stronger and to accelerate the transformation of the marketplace.

Andy, do you want to comment on the inventory-specific conversations?

Andrew Campion
Executive VP & COO

Sure. Yes. So Jamie, what I'd say is while, obviously, there are some elements of these current
circumstances that are unprecedented, we came into this circumstance with a strategy. And you know
our strategy was 2X Direct. That was a strategy that was not a NIKE-only strategy. It was really focused
on driving more direct connections with our consumers leveraging digital, both in our own stores, online
and with our partners and through their online presence. That's accelerating for everyone right now. So if
you think about the North America marketplace and Europe, with most stores closed, both our own stores
and most of our retail partners, what is really accelerating is that perspective and -- on the opportunities
to connect with consumers digitally from a brand perspective, but also expand our ability to connect with
consumers from a product and service perspective.

When we say partnership, it's not just transactional. It's not a back-and-forth transactional type of
dialogue with our partners. We're talking to our partners about both how we come through this period
and then what we build for the long term. And there are a couple of things that we're building. We're
all expanding our digital pipe, so to speak. We, in North America, have already doubled the ability, the
capacity to distribute product one-to-one to consumers through our distribution centers in just several
days. So it's really accelerating what we saw as the future in terms of digital penetration.

From an inventory perspective, right now, digital is the -- is where the water is flowing, so to speak, or
where the product is flowing. And so we're working closely in partnership with folks like Zalando in Europe,
as John mentioned. We already had an inventory partnership program with Zalando where we transact
via their site and ours, via their digital ecosystem and our digital ecosystem while leveraging each other's
inventory. And we're working with our partners in the U.S. in a similar regard, managing the inventory
they have on hand, the inventory we have on hand relative to them and how best to flow that through
their digital pipes as well as ours.

So I think in summary, what I'd say is, as John said, it's accelerating quite a bit of change in consumer
behavior. It's also accelerating quite a bit of change in our partners' behavior.

Operator

Our next question is from Alexandra Walvis with Goldman Sachs.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NIKE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 24, 2020

Alexandra E. Walvis
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

A tremendous amount of color there, and we really appreciate all of the insights. So my question is on
some comments related to gross margins. You mentioned rebates to wholesale partners and higher costs
related to factory cancellations in your gross margin comments. I wonder if you can elaborate a little bit
more on those. Would you expect those effects to intensify as the issues related to demand reach more of
the revenue base?

Andrew Campion
Executive VP & COO

Sure. I'll take that question, Alexandra. I think what we're finding is that there are several levers from the
perspective of resetting inventory or supply, as one might say, relative to the pace of expansion in digital
demand, the reopening of stores and then the amount of traffic going to those stores and the amount of
conversion. And so there isn't a sort of one size fits all or not just one lever. So what we're doing with our
own inventory and with our partners is we're looking at a lot of different levers. We're looking at realigning
our product offer dates. So not only do we have some inventory going into these circumstances, but we've
got a great pipeline of products. And we can move some of those product offer dates out to some extent
as we work through the inventory that we'll build over these weeks in which we're dealing with these
circumstances in each market.

We are primarily talking to our partners about managing inventory movement, the generation -- and the
generation of cash flow with a view towards getting back to 14 to 16 weeks or so on hand in the market
and 14 weeks or so on hand of inventory for NIKE and strong full-price sell-through. Some of the levers
we'll employ in that regard will impact gross margin negatively. That's somewhat obvious. That could be
promotion. It could be cancellation of orders. At the same time, none of those data points will represent a
trend.

So what you're likely to see in the near term is a focus on supply and demand management. That will
impact revenue, may have a negative -- will have a negative impact on margin, but that is part and parcel
goes with resetting that foundation for strong profitable growth. It's not a new trend. It's not a reflection
of the strength of our product. In fact, John mentioned some of the launches we've had in China. We've
actually had some product launches here in the U.S. over the last couple of weeks that have sold through
at full price. So it will be a blend of working through inventory, which does have some impact on margin,
and a blend of bringing innovation and fresh, compelling new product to consumers, who are probably will
be looking for energy and inspiration and optimism.

Operator

Our last question is from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.

Matthew Robert Boss
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So maybe on North America, your 7% adjusted underlying constant currency growth I think translates to a
mid-teens 2-year stack. Maybe can you speak to what's driving the domestic inflection? Andy, maybe pre-
COVID, a little bit of insight how you were thinking about the North American marketplace over the next
12 months and just larger picture on the curve where we stand today on the move to differentiated retail.

John J. Donahoe
President, CEO & Director

Matthew, maybe I'll just make a comment or 2 and then, Andy, you can flesh out. But I've spent time
now in several of our markets across the U.S., and I've seen firsthand how NIKE's key city strategy
is paying off. Andy mentioned the growth in New York, growth in L.A. being double digit. And that is
because both with NIKE Direct and with our partners, we're getting closer to the consumer. And I'll just
take a couple of examples. I had a chance to visit the Foot Locker very innovative store in Washington
Heights neighborhood in New York, where the entire display of the inventory and the merchandise and the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NIKE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 24, 2020

whole focus is being of the neighborhood. And you can just see consumers responding. And that store is
experiencing significantly greater growth than other comparable stores that Foot Locker has in the area.
So it's a great example of differentiated retail and the future of retail.

We're doing the same with some of the Latino communities in L.A., providing retail concepts, both through
NIKE Direct and with our partners that are getting close to what consumers want in those markets and
give a more personalized feel. And when you wrap that around with a digital connection, with membership
and the other digital tools, you can feel the energy and momentum. And so I think at its core, the key city
strategy that NIKE has put in place in the U.S. and beyond is absolutely paying dividends.

Andrew Campion
Executive VP & COO

Yes. I'll just add, Matthew, that there are a few really important drivers to highlight. I appreciate you
recognizing that, that growth has been consistently strong in North America. And obviously, one of the
things I should say is we are entering these challenging times in a position of strength. And as John said,
strong brands get stronger during these times. So we think we'll emerge even stronger.

For a little bit of context on the strength we had entering this fourth quarter, NIKE Digital continues to
fuel strong growth in North America, up a relatively extraordinary 33% in the quarter. We've talked to
you about the significant opportunity that we think in terms of the women's business. Our women's
business grew at a rate that was nearly double that of men's, both in footwear and apparel, so we're
seeing strong growth there. Now across footwear and apparel, our growth was relatively balanced, both
in the mid-single digits, and that's even taking into account the divestiture of Hurley, which was a largely
apparel business and the shift in our business model with respect to the NFL, which is also largely an
apparel business. So what you can infer from that, as we've told you, we think we have an epic growth
opportunity in digital, in women's and in apparel. And when you take into account those noncomparables
in the quarter, all 3, including apparel, are over-indexing in terms of growth.

So again, we feel great about the position, of strength we had and have from a brand perspective as we
work through these challenges. And we'll be doing everything we can in terms of managing demand and
supply and fueling our brand so that we emerge even stronger.

Matthew Robert Boss
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Congrats on the progress and best of luck.

John J. Donahoe
President, CEO & Director

Thank you. And thank you, Matt, for your last call. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today, and we
look forward to speaking with you all next quarter. Take care. Stay healthy and stay safe. And be safe,
everyone.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

NIKE, INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 24, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

