NRG Energy, Inc. NYSE:NRG
FY 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, March 01, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.37

0.26

(29.73 %)

0.98

(20.00 %)

3.22

3.04

(5.59 %)

5.84

2532.98

2027.00

(19.98 %)

2502.25

221.19

9519.92

9093.00

(4.48 %)

11791.18

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-18-2021 6:13 AM GMT

FY 2020

CONSENSUS

3.22

ACTUAL

3.04

SURPRISE

(5.59 %)

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
NRG ENERGY, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 01, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher S. Moser
Executive Vice President of
Operations

Gaetan Frotte
Interim CFO, Senior VP &
Treasurer

Kevin L. Cole
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Agnieszka Anna Storozynski
Seaport Research Partners

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NRG ENERGY, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 01, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the NRG Energy, Inc. Fourth Quarter
and Full Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's
conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to one of your speakers today, Mr. Kevin Cole, Head of
Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.

Kevin L. Cole
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Michelle. Good morning and welcome to NRG Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020
Earnings Call. This call is being broadcast live over the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the
Investors section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations & Webcasts.

Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on
assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge
everyone to review the safe harbor in today's presentation as well as risk factors in our SEC filings, and
we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events, except as required by
law. In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding
our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures,
please refer to today's presentation.

And now with that, I'll now turn the call over to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG's President and CEO.

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in NRG. I'm joined this
morning by Gaetan Frotte, our Interim Chief Financial Officer. Also on the call and available for questions,
we have Elizabeth Killinger, Head of Home Retail; and Chris Moser, Head of Operations.

I'd like to start this call by expressing our utmost concern for the millions of Texans impacted by winter
storm Uri. We're actively working in our communities and with our customers to provide support and relief
to those in need. I also want to recognize all the men and women from NRG who, under frigid conditions,
were working tirelessly to keep our power plants running and those employees who work day and night
through this event to inform and support our customers, all while facing their own hardship at home. From
everyone at NRG, thank you.

Let's move on to Slide 3 for the 3 key messages of the call. First, above all else, our top priority and core
focus today is helping our Texas communities recover from the devastating winter storm. The system-
wide energy failure that occurred in Texas is unacceptable, and we are committed to working with all
stakeholders to prevent this from happening again. Next, our integrated platform continues to deliver
stable results through unprecedented events like the COVID-19 pandemic and extreme weather events,
further validating the strength of our model.

Finally, we continue to advance our customer-centric strategy by redefining our platform to better
serve our customers. In January, we closed on the Direct Energy transaction, forming the leading North
American integrated energy and home services company, now serving a network of 6 million customers.
Today, we are announcing the sale of a 4.8 gigawatt portfolio of noncore fossil assets, which I will detail
later in the presentation.

Turning to Slide 4. Starting on the left-hand side, winter storm Uri was simply historic. It was the third
coldest 3-day stretch on record in Texas, blanketing the state for days with record cold temperatures and
precipitation, putting unprecedented stress on the entire energy system. This winter storm exceeded all

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NRG ENERGY, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 01, 2021

planning parameters and highlighted the interdependency between the natural gas and power systems. On
adjusted estimated peak low of 77 gigawatts surpassing not just the winter peak, but the all-time peak.
And due to weather-related system and plant-specific issues, 52 gigawatts of capacity in the market were
forced off-line at one time or another.

Last week, we committed to work with regulators and legislators on a comprehensive and exhaustive root
cause analysis of what went wrong in the energy system, from fuel supply to the production and delivery
of electricity. Our goal is to have a system that is more resilient to prevent this from happening again.

Turning to the right-hand side of the slide. Our work to prepare for winter conditions began well before
the onset of frigid temperatures. As part of our winter readiness program, we execute a comprehensive
winterization program that starts with the lessons learned from prior winter seasons. Then every
September, our power plants in each of our markets, including Texas, begin a well-defined process
of preparing for winter operations. The results are presented to me in early November by the Head
of Operations and each plant manager. We then submit our declaration of completion of the winter
weatherization preparations to ERCOT and the PUCT by November 30.

In early February, we recognized the threat of this significant winter storm. Safety of our employees,
customers and communities is always our top priority. For our customers, we send cold weather alerts and
energy conservation notifications across all of our retail brands and work with our large C&I customers
to proactively reduce their load. For our generation fleet, we put all plants at the highest level of alert,
made all operational units available to the market and secured additional critical supplies at our sites.
This included moving personnel from the Northeast with extreme cold weather experience and technical
expertise to Texas plants.

Ahead of the storm, we also took additional steps of increasing our available generation capacity by
bringing back nearly 2 gigawatts of power generation typically reserve only for summer months. We also
executed additional natural gas and power hedges. Our available generation portfolio performed at roughly
80% capacity factor on average. When comparing our generation production to a similar period earlier in
the month, we produced almost twice as much electricity. Despite our best efforts to winterize the fleet,
we suffered our share of unit-specific and system-related problems that will be part of our root cause
analysis.

Turning to Slide 5. Our strategy is to maintain a balanced portfolio between retail load and supply to
protect both our customers and our business. In Texas, we have a significant retail footprint across the
state, supported by diverse generation assets and third-party agreements.

During the storm, we aimed at maximizing the output of our power plants while maintaining a fairly
balanced position across the portfolio. Importantly, none of our residential customers will be exposed to
the real-time wholesale power prices that occurred during the storm. We don't offer these products to our
residential customers, and we also don't believe they should be available to them. And like I said earlier,
we're focused on recovery efforts across our communities. We have pledged an initial $10 million in relief
to our communities, customers and employees.

Now turning to the right side of the slide. We expect our balanced platform to deliver stable results. Our
preliminary analysis of the winter storm financial impact is expected to be within our current guidance
range. This preliminary assessment incorporates internal estimates on customer meter and settlement
data, which have not been finalized yet. It also makes assumption on potential customer and counterparty
credit risk and ERCOT-default allocations. We have also performed a stress test on our assumptions
resulting in a potential outcome, although at a lower probability of plus/minus $100 million to our
guidance ranges. As information becomes available, we'll be able to narrow this kind of outcomes.

Moving to the 2020 operational and financial highlights on Slide 6. Beginning with our 2020 scorecard, we
executed on all our priorities. We delivered strong financial and operational results and had our best safety
year ever. I want to take a moment to thank and commend all of my colleagues as this is now the third
straight year we set a new record for safety, an incredible accomplishment.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NRG ENERGY, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 01, 2021

Our 3-year transformation plan goals were fully achieved in 2020. During this time, we simplified and
streamlined our portfolio, achieved a strong balance sheet, established a transparent and compelling
capital allocation framework and made sustainability an integral part of our foundation.

Over the last 5 years, we have been evolving our platform to move closer to the customer. In 2020, we
took major steps towards this goal with key highlights, including the acquisition of Direct Energy, and
diversifying our supply strategy through signing renewable PPAs in ERCOT and launching RFPs in the East.
We have significantly rebalanced our portfolio by growing retail and reducing generation. I look forward to
sharing with you the next chapter during our Spring Analyst Day.

Now moving to the financial results on the right-hand side of the slide. We delivered $2 billion of adjusted
EBITDA, slightly above the midpoint of our guidance range; and $1.547 billion of free cash flow before
growth, which includes the pulling forward of certain items from 2021 into 2020 in order to fund the Direct
Energy acquisition. Gaetan will provide more detail on the free cash flow later in the presentation.

I want to note that our 2020 carbon emissions came in below our 2025 50% reduction goal. We're not
adjusting our 2025 targets today, but this highlights our efforts in reducing carbon emissions. Finally, as I
previously stated, we're maintaining our guidance ranges for 2021.

Turning to Slide 7. I want to provide an update on the Direct Energy integration. This transaction
presented a step change for us as we move closer to the customer by significantly expanding our
customer network and home services. Given the complementary nature of both businesses, it also
provides a significant opportunity to leverage our operating platform and achieve significant synergies.
This transaction advanced our plan to rebalance our portfolio, reorganize around the customer and
continuously improve our business and cost structure.

With Direct Energy closed, NRG now have the strongest collection of competitive power brands, offering
energy products and services in North America. The Direct Energy acquisition significantly expands our
residential and business footprint beyond electricity and outside of Texas. Both residential and business
customers are able to leverage our platforms for solutions that feed their specific needs, elevating
consumer choice to a whole new level.

Our integration efforts are well underway. And today, we are reaffirming the planned targets. We're
already making significant progress on talent assessment, collateral management and systems integration.
Throughout this integration process, we are focused on high grading our organization through retaining
the best and diverse talent and further deepening our customer-focused culture. The integration is being
led by the same team responsible for executing the transformation plan and has a similar governance
structure. I am highly confident in our ability to achieve the synergies outlined on the slide.

On the right-hand side of the slide, you will see a scorecard that looks familiar and that is because it is
how we reported our transformation plan progress to all of you. We plan to update this scorecard with our
results in order to provide transparency and keep you informed of our progress.

Next, turning to Slide 8 for an update on our ongoing portfolio and real estate optimization efforts. I
highlighted last quarter that we were actively focused on monetizing noncore assets with a target to
realize a minimum of $250 million in equity proceeds within 6 to 12 months. I am pleased to announce
that we have reached an agreement with Generation Bridge, an affiliate of ArcLight Capital Partners, to sell
a 4.8-gigawatt portfolio of fossil fuel assets across New York, Connecticut and California for $760 million in
cash proceeds or roughly 4x EBITDA.

As you can see on the bottom right-hand side of the slide, many of these assets are nearing end of life
and with economics dependent upon capacity markets. Excluding Sunrise, the average expected capacity
factors ranges between 0% to 6%. This is a good transaction for us. It further streamlines our business
and addresses terminal value and earnings concerns that otherwise would have masked our retail growth.
Our portfolio repositioning and optimization is a continuous process. We are committed to our business
model, and we'll continue to provide updates on our progress. The asset sale is targeted to close in the
fourth quarter of 2021. Net cash proceeds after associated debt reduction will be allocated using our
capital allocation framework.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NRG ENERGY, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 01, 2021

Before turning over the call to Gaetan for the financial review, I want to thank Kirk Andrews for his decade
of service at NRG. Over the last 10 years, Kirk has not only been a colleague, but also a trusted friend.
And I believe I speak for the entire organization when I say that we all wish him well and the best in his
future endeavors. Our finance team is in capable hands with Gaetan Frotte, our Treasurer, stepping in as
Interim CFO.

With that, I will pass it over to Gaetan for the financial review.

Gaetan Frotte
Interim CFO, Senior VP & Treasurer

Thank you, Mauricio. I will now turn to Slide 10 for a review of the full year results and our 2021 guidance.
Last year, NRG delivered slightly more than $2 billion in adjusted EBITDA and over $1.5 billion in free cash
flow before growth. So our adjusted EBITDA for the year is in line with our 2020 guidance, and I would
note that it includes the impact of COVID-19 that came in at only $25 million or half of our original cost
expectations.

Moving to free cash flow before growth. Year-end results are $47 million higher than our latest midpoint of
guidance driven by the inclusion of $43 million in distribution from Agua Caliente in 2020, just prior to the
sale of the project in early February.

Finally, from a balance sheet standpoint, 2020 was also very successful with a year-end leverage close
to 2.5x debt to EBITDA, which is at the strongest end of our targeted range. In addition, we had over $7
billion of liquidity accumulated in anticipation of the acquisition of Direct Energy in early January. A portion
of that liquidity proved very useful during the recent winter storm.

Moving to 2021 guidance. As included in the closing announcement for Direct Energy, we increased our
adjusted EBITDA guidance to a range of $2.4 billion to $2.6 billion and our 2021 free cash flow guidance
to a range of $1.44 billion to $1.64 billion. As mentioned by Mauricio before, we are maintaining our
guidance range for 2021 based on our preliminary analysis of the impact of the winter storm Uri on our
results.

Based on a stress analysis, we believe that the financial impact on the guidance range could vary by plus
or minus $100 million, subject to final customer meter and settlement data, counterparty credit risk and
expected ERCOT-default allocation.

Finally, we have signed a PSA to sell 4.8 gigawatt of generation assets in our East-West region to an
affiliate of ArcLight for $760 million, and we anticipate closing to occur by the end of the year. These
assets contribute approximately $190 million of adjusted EBITDA and approximately $130 million of free
cash flow before growth to NRG. I would note that these numbers have not been yet deducted from our
guidance range.

Turning to the sources and uses for Direct Energy on Slide 11. We wanted to provide a bridge between
the numbers reported during our last earnings call in early November when we discussed eliminating the
need for $750 million of preferred equity and the actual results after closing the acquisition last January.
So starting from the left with the $3.745 billion of total sources and uses as discussed last quarter, we
first lowered NRG cash by $100 million to reflect the lower cash reserves available at year-end as shown
on Slide 22 of the appendix. This was offset with an equivalent temporary growth under the revolver at
closing.

Next, we used $13 million of incremental financing cost savings minus $2 million of initial discount on our
bond issuance to reduce the temporary draw under the revolver by $11 million. In the next column, we
reflected $77 million for a purchase price adjustment that was paid to Centrica due in part to the larger
cash balance available at Direct Energy when we acquired the company. This was also financed through a
temporary draw under our revolver.

Finally, we show the impact from acquired cash and margin collateral. Since at closing, Direct Energy
had $233 million in cash margin posted and $152 million of cash and cash equivalents for a total of $385
million of cash on its -- and equivalents on its balance sheet. This was higher than we had anticipated

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NRG ENERGY, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 01, 2021

last quarter, and we were able to use it after closing to repay the $160 million temporary draw under the
revolver and reduced the NRG cash allocated to the acquisition by $219 million. More importantly, it also
means more cash is available for deleveraging in 2021, which eliminates the need to use future asset sale
proceeds to achieve our investment-grade credit metrics by year-end.

I will now turn to Slide 12 where we are updating the combined 2021 capital allocation provided last
quarter. Please note that changes on this slide are indicated in blue. Starting from the left, we have
adjusted the 2021 excess cash to reflect the final $715 million of CAFA reserve at the end of 2020. The
$1.54 billion updated free cash flow before growth, including Direct Energy, based on the midpoint of our
guidance range and finally, the $120 million of net proceeds from the sale of our remaining equity stake in
Agua Caliente, all these represent a total of $2.375 billion available.

Then moving on to the next change on the third column. We updated the capital allocated to the Direct
acquisition, which is now at $496 million, as shown on the previous slide. Finally, given the reduced cash
needs for the acquisition, we are allocating our additional excess cash of $219 million to debt reduction.
This brings our total debt reduction to nearly $1.2 billion, bringing us to within our targeted investment-
grade metrics in 2021 and importantly, without the need for asset sale proceeds that we had mentioned
before.

Finally, on Slide 13, I will start on the left with our 2021 credit metrics, which is now based on our finalized
plan shown in the middle column. After adjusting our corporate balance for the increased debt reduction
from 2021 capital allocation, our 2021 net debt balance is approximately $7 billion, which, based on the
midpoint of adjusted EBITDA, implies a pro forma ratio of 2.65x net debt to EBITDA, well within the range
of our targeted investment-grade metrics.

Turning to the right. We also wanted to update you on our strong liquidity position at the end of last week,
which at $3.8 billion, is ample enough to continue supporting our business even during periods of stress
like we experienced over the last 2 weeks.

In conclusion, and as discussed earlier, after proving the resilient performance of our integrated model
during these trying times for Texas and our capital allocation plan to achieve investment-grade credit
metrics by the end of 2021, we continue to believe in our ability to reach investment-grade ratings by the
end of 2001 (sic) [ 2021 ] or early 2022.

Back to you, Mauricio.

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Gaetan. Turning to Slide 15. Our top priority today is helping Texans recover from the impacts
of winter storm Uri. Texas is our home. Our customers, employees, friends and families were all impacted
by this event. And while we have committed an initial $10 million to relief efforts, I want to make clear we
are going to be there for our communities today and tomorrow, helping them recover in any way we can.

Moving to our 2021 priorities and expectations. As always, we strive to deliver on our financial and
operational objectives and adhering to our capital allocation principles. With the Direct Energy acquisition
complete, we turn our focus to integration and achieving synergies. Our efforts are well underway,
and I look forward to updating you on our progress. Finally, I look forward to providing all of you a
comprehensive update on our business and strategy at our Spring Analyst Day.
So with that, Michelle, we're ready to open the line for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NRG ENERGY, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 01, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of
America.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Just a real quick question about -- and congratulations again on the outcome. If I can connect at the
outset here, I mean you guys gave a lot of remarks. But when you think about the guidance range
reaffirmation here, can you give a little bit more commentary as to how you think about some of the
caveats, your counterparties? Any remaining questions. You just talked about stress testing here. Can you
talk about any assumptions on force majeure, counterparties following through? Any further context you
can provide would be very much appreciated.

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Sure, Julien. I mean first, the -- we're maintaining our financial guidance. This is inclusive of the
expectation that we have on the entire portfolio across our operations. It also includes our preliminary
assessment on the impact of winter storm Uri. That's already within the guidance that we're maintaining.
Now having said that, we know that we only have preliminary information on customer meter and
settlement data. We are stress testing the counterparty risk and also the expected ERCOT-default
allocations. So once we did that stress test, that's why we are putting this plus/minus $100 million, which
I think is prudent given the -- just the preliminary nature of these 3 key components of it.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Securities, Research Division

Got it. Excellent. And then if I can ask you very quickly, how do you think about the remainder of the
balance of your fossil portfolio year? How do you think about the divestment time line? How do you think
about positioning it against this, I suppose, latest wave of repositioning?

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Well, I mean we are very pleased to announce the asset sale today. As I said, I think you need to look at
our portfolio through the prism of the integrated platform and moving closer to the customer. Whatever
helps us better serve our customers, that's going to be the guidepost for us in terms of executing. Right
now, we're focused on this. But as I said, I mean the portfolio optimization is a continuous process. And
we're going to continue to evaluate the rest of our portfolio, and we'll provide you an update when we're
ready to do that.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Nice relief today. Just on the -- Mauricio, I know it may be a little early for this, but maybe just kind of
high level. How are you thinking about some of the solutions for making sure this doesn't happen again in
Texas? I know you owe some feedback to the legislature I think by the end of the week. Just high level,
maybe some of the thoughts that you have.

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NRG ENERGY, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 01, 2021

Well, I think the first step, which is what the Texas legislature already started is a comprehensive root
cause analysis across the entire system, not just power generation, but I think everybody appreciate
the interdependence between natural gas and power. So I think that process is going to take some time,
and the first steps already happened last week. I mean I think everybody has seen the hearings down in
Austin. I had the opportunity to participate. And that to me, it is the prudent first step.

Having spent some time down there and just looking comprehensively at the -- at what happened, I will
say that there is perhaps 3 themes that legislatures and other stakeholders will be looking at. First is the
hardening of the energy system from natural gas to power generation. I think it is clear that when the
power generation is made up of close to 50% of the total capacity fueled by natural gas, natural gas -- the
natural gas system becomes critical, and it needs to be hardened just as rigorous as the power generation
system.

The second thing, I think there is going to be a conversation around the market design. And the focus,
from my perspective, should be around the reserve margins and what is the excess capacity that we want
to have in the ERCOT system to make sure that this doesn't happen again with perhaps more extreme
weather conditions than in the past. And I think part of this excess capacity is not just the quantity of
capacity, but also the quality of capacity. And what I mean about the quality, it is fuel diversification.

And then I think, finally, it is the communications. And to me, it is clear that communications needed to
be a lot more than what we experienced last week. First is the communication between the power and
the natural gas systems and the coordination between the 2. Second, it is the communication between
TDUs who were responsible of implementing the power outages directed by ERCOT, and the reps who
have the relationship with the customer. I mean I think that communication is to be a lot stronger. And
we need to evaluate and assess a -- perhaps an alert system that tells our communities when something
like this is going to happen and the potential risk. And then finally, I just -- I think it is important that we
recognize just the magnitude of this winter storm. I mean any way you see it, it was historic. And as we
are assessing these 3 things, particularly the hardening, we just need to make sure that is that the -- are
we rebaselining our winterization efforts with this 100-year winter storm that we all live.

So that would be my initial comments, Steve. Obviously, I mean we're only in the beginning phase of
this, but -- and I think we need to -- I think all the parties from what I can gather in my time in Austin,
they want to take their time to make sure that they really fully understand what caused it so they can be
thorough and have changes that will be effective and long lasting.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

That's very helpful. I guess I'll ask one other big-picture question. Just given these potential changes
coming, just how do you kind of manage your generation to retail matching, so to speak, in a way, given
that we may have some structure changes and other things? Is there -- do you have a way to make sure
that there's going to be an ability to kind of reflect that appropriately?

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Well, I mean as I said before, we are maintaining our integrated approach as we're moving closer to the
customer. I think I said it in the past that generation, the portfolio of generation that we have has to help
us better serve our customers. So when you take a step back, obviously, owning physical generation, it is
important. But we can get some of the characteristics of physical generation through bilateral agreements.
It doesn't -- we don't have to own it all the time or always to be able to have those characteristics. We can
actually structure some of those agreements, so we can benefit and utilize these -- the characteristics of
physical generation.

I will say that the strength that we all saw in the system last week is giving us already lessons learned on
how we should be thinking about counterparty performance, counterparty risk. And the team is already
looking at the lessons learned on our commercial team, which, by the way, I just want to give a big kudos
to both commercial operations and plant operations because they absolutely maximized the amount of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NRG ENERGY, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 01, 2021

generation that we were giving to the system and, at the same time, maintaining the stability and the
balance on our portfolio.

So that's how I think about it, Steve. And obviously, our matching of generation and retail is always
informed by market conditions. So it's not like set it and forget it.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

So Mauricio, a couple of questions. Your testimony last week indicated that the company had several
assets that come off-line during the storm like STP Unit 1 for a couple of days. To what extent the
concentration of load shedding in Houston helped you in sort of free up the generation and sort of
the purchase power? Just trying to really understand whether this is a product of really good risk
management, some load shedding or a combination of the 2, especially as investors are weighing their
thesis in the sector and sort of thinking about these type of events potentially reoccurring again.

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Well, I think this is the result of really good risk management, commercial and plant operations, all around
execution. We -- as we were approaching the storm, the commercial team took the necessary steps to
strengthen our position going into the storm both on natural gas and power hedges. In addition to that,
our plant operations people brought in almost 2,000 megawatts of generation that normally, in most of the
circumstances, never run in the winter and we actually have it reserved for summer operations. So that's
another testament of strengthening our position as we go into the storm.

And then as you were looking at -- as you look at our load obligations across the state, it's pretty well
diversified between Houston and Dallas and the north. So I think it was a good, good solid execution with
the right foundation in terms of the integrated portfolio and the necessary steps to get ready for it.

So Chris, is there something more that you want to add?

Christopher S. Moser
Executive Vice President of Operations

Yes. Shar, Chris Moser here. If you look at it, our strategy is to have a mix of physical gen and market
purchases. And notwithstanding the problems we face, frankly, on both sides, right, with unit outages and
then counterparty issues that we're working through, this strategy of diversified supply seems to have
held together pretty well.

As we saw the forecast get colder and colder, we brought more generation, like Mauricio mentioned, not
a seasonal layup, and we bought more power from the market. Like let's be clear, we were prepping to
cover loads in the high 60s and low 70s, you know what I mean, in terms of thousands of megawatts load.
We were also, don't forget, able to use our gas storage and transportation contracts and our ability to find
and buy what I will politely describe as obscenely expensive gas in order to keep those gas units of ours
producing the megawatts that the grid needed. I know that not everybody was able to do that, but the
combination of our contracts and working out in the market, we were able to cover it.

So that is kind of how the whole thing worked out to where we think we're still within the guidance range,
plus or minus the $100 million. So I would say our strategy of a mix, a bunch of different stuff paid off.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. And then just one last one from me. The agencies seem to be kind of laser focused on sort of the
events in Texas and they've issued the slew of watches. Mauricio, have you had any conversations with
them on the event and sort of your broader trajectory for an upgrade, especially on today's better-than-

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NRG ENERGY, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 01, 2021

expected storm impact? It seems that you're kind of book ending '22 potentially as [ IG ] versus the year-
end '21. So just a quick sense there.

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean I'll turn it to Gaetan, but I will say, first, we needed to prove the strength of our business
model, I think we have. Then we needed to ensure that we deliver on our credit metrics, I think we have.
So I think we have done what we needed to do. But if Gaetan has -- I know that Gaetan has a very open
and continuous conversation with rating agencies. Gaetan?

Gaetan Frotte
Interim CFO, Senior VP & Treasurer

Yes. That's right. Yes, Shar. Throughout the crisis, we had a continuous dialogue with the rating agencies,
updating them on what we saw in the market and our liquidity position. And it was very transparent from
our side, just like the dialogue we've had for years with them. And just like Mauricio said, I think now
we've shown the resilience of the platform through COVID-19, through last summer, through this stress
case, and we continue to perform and to be within the -- our targeted range for investment grade. So
we're doing our side of the deal. We're going to continue the dialogue and expect that and totally hope
that there's going to be -- that's going to bring us to investment grade by the end of the year again or
early next year.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski with Seaport Global.

Agnieszka Anna Storozynski
Seaport Research Partners

Congratulations on the results. That's a huge relief. Also Gaetan, quite a timing to take over as CFO. I
have to admit, if you survive this one, I mean, honestly, I'm going [indiscernible] from here.

Gaetan Frotte
Interim CFO, Senior VP & Treasurer

Thank you. Thank you, Angie.

Agnieszka Anna Storozynski
Seaport Research Partners

But just one thing that I noticed, again, besides the stress that we've all felt throughout this last 2 weeks,
is that -- we don't really know much about your Direct Energy portfolio. Meaning, you have some retail
gas exposure that we couldn't either pinpoint as far as geography or exposure. So could you -- I mean I
know that the Analyst Day is coming, but could you give us a sense how well you've managed that portion
of your retail book, not just Texas power?

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean the operations that we did was integrated NRG and Direct Energy. So what we're -- the
evaluation that we've done, the assessment that we've done is across the board. I -- just keep in mind
that Direct Energy, all their gas business is outside of Texas. Don't forget that. And remember, they will
-- I will be also providing you during the Analyst Day a lot more detail around the redefinition that we're
doing our business on moving closer to the customer of becoming more a consumer energy company
where it's not just one product electricity, but the benefits of bringing secondary products.

And actually, I think what -- the impact that we saw on our business on this unprecedented winter storm
validates that our core business is solid and it is a great foundation to start looking at other secondary
products that can improve the customer lifetime value of our portfolio. So -- but we will be sharing more
around our combined operations between NRG and Direct during Analyst Day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NRG ENERGY, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 01, 2021

Agnieszka Anna Storozynski
Seaport Research Partners

Awesome. And just one point here. So you're showing us the EBITDA and free cash flow that's going to go
away along with the divestiture of the northeastern assets and California assets. Can you give us a sense
if that amount can be replenished by growth either by basically synergies with Direct Energy or organic
growth in your retail portfolio so that's, at least directionally, there's no detriment to either EBITDA or free
cash flow for the combined company?

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

All excess cash, Angie, that results from these, we're going to use our capital allocation framework. And I
think that's how you should be thinking about all our excess cash.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research Partners.

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

A quick one on -- just as you think about the -- obviously, you're saying that the range of outcome is still
sort of plus or minus $100 million versus the guidance range. And you've talked about some of the still
moving parts. Could you give us a bit more -- do you have a sense of -- is it the billing issue and not really
necessarily knowing what usage was, metering, the swing -- the biggest swing factor or credit or ERCOT?
Just a little more sense of just what we have to know. And I'm curious as where you think -- how soon it
will be before you really have a good sense of some of these metering issues.

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Well, I mean, first, I will say is that I think we have a pretty good sense. I mean the team does shadow
settlements and in -- with respect to how much load we serve. But obviously, we don't have -- these
are preliminary estimates. We don't have final numbers. So I feel very comfortable that the assessment
that we have made on this, I would say, 3 big categories, the customer meter and settlement data from
ERCOT, the probable counterparty risk and the expected ERCOT default. So that's what you should be
thinking about, Jonathan. I mean these are the 3 big drivers. And I feel that the team has done a pretty
good job in terms of getting comfortable with it, which is why we feel that maintaining our earnings
guidance is appropriate. And then we also perform a stress test, and that's why we're providing yield at
plus/minus $100 million.

So I think that's the -- I think the team has done a lot of information here. I mean -- but I mean there are
things that have to run their course. I mean you know the settlement data from ERCOT, you have initial 7-
day settlement; then you have another settlement, the 55 days; and then the final one is 180 days after.
So you just have to -- the process needs to run its course, but this is not something that we don't do.
Every day, we run a shadow settlement process. So that's why we're comfortable with it. But I will say
that we just have to wait until we have more information on these 3 big categories.

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

And maybe, Mauricio, if I could. Just the -- when you say plus or minus $100 million, are you talking sort
of relative to your -- where your point estimate, where you think you are today? Or should we be thinking
of that as sort of in addition to the $200 million range that there is in guidance?

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NRG ENERGY, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 01, 2021

I think it's the latter. So this is a plus/minus $100 million to the guidance range, okay? So that's how you
should think about it.

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Okay. And then just one quick one. Do you have a sense on timing for the Analyst Day before first quarter
earnings or after?

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Well, I was planning to provide a date today quite candidly. But I think our priority right now is on ERCOT.
As you all know, we run a pretty lean management team and we need to make sure that we focus on that.
But I will give you a lot of time before we announce it. And my expectation is that it's going to happen in
the spring of this year. That's correct.

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

But as to whether it's before or after the next call, that's still TBD?

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

TBD.

Operator

And our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Mauricio, a lot of the issues that caused the events in Texas in mid-February were power related, which
many of them were actually further upstream from the power plant, meaning gas infrastructure and other.
How do you think about changes on that end that could impact this? I mean we couldn't -- the state of
Texas could increase the winter reserve margin by a material amount. But if you can't get the gas there, it
may -- we can run into the same issue. How do you think about the changes that the state may consider
that are kind of outside the power sector but impact the power sector?

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Well, I mean I think, as I mentioned, when I'm thinking about the steps that -- or the themes that are
coming already in the wake of the hearings in Austin, I mean the first one is the hardening of the system.
And I was very clear, the hardening of the system cannot only happen on the power generation side, it
has to happen also on the natural gas system. I mean when 45% of our total generation capacity in Texas
is fueled by natural gas, they're completely interdependent. And so that interdependency, it needs to be
expanded when we're thinking about the hardening of the system, the winterization of the system.

The second thing is the communications. Obviously, there needs to be a lot more coordination between
natural gas and power. And just like we talk about fuel diversification on power generation, we need to
be thinking about redundancy on critical parts of the gas system like compressor stations. Does it make
sense to have a back-up generation? What are the standards for winterization at the wellhead? I mean
there is a number of things that can happen on the gas system side. And that will also -- we need to
review the winterization protocols on the power generation side.

I mean the last time there was a recommendation was in 2011, and the wind -- the storm in 2011, I mean
I have this stat that I think puts things in perspective. The 3-day stretch temperature, this winter storm
I think ranks as the third coldest in the last 130 years. 2011 was the 60th. So I think that should give

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NRG ENERGY, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 01, 2021

you a pretty good context in terms of what was the baseline that was used for the winterization of the
power generation. And I think there's going to be a conversation about rebaselining that. So some of that
is going to happen.

And I think it has to be also beyond power generation. It has to be around the customer and the
communications with the customer. I mean when you're talking about power outages and rolling
power outages, first, you need to make sure that you communicate with the customers. The TDUs are
responsible for implementing these load shares at the direction of ERCOT that is balancing the system.
And so do we need to review the protocol in terms of how that is implemented, what is the communication
protocol between the transmission and distribution utilities and the retail energy providers that have the
relationship with the customer. So all of these things are going to have to be taken into consideration.
And I think I have to say, I mean the Texas legislature is really doing the right thing in terms of doing this
exhaustive and comprehensive root cause analysis.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. Mauricio, one other question, just a quick follow-up. Does this change your view on the need to
be the one who owns the generation to serve your retail load? Meaning can we see NRG add generation
to the portfolio, especially dispatchable generation, to ensure your teams control the operations that are
needed to serve your retail customers?

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

I mean I think, as I said, the characteristics of physical generation can be achieved by a contractual
arrangement and not necessarily by ownership. And I think there are some good lessons learned in
terms of what are the additional, perhaps credit and performance clauses that need to be part of that
agreement. And I know that the team is already doing here -- our commercial, our credit and risk
management team, our legal team, they're already looking at the -- what are the provisions that we need
to have in this type of contract, so we actually can utilize all of these characteristics of physical generation.

Operator

And this does conclude today's question-and-answer session, and I would like to turn the conference back
over to Mauricio Gutierrez for any further remarks.

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Thank you. Well, I appreciate everyone's interest in NRG and look forward to talking to you in the future.
Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program,
and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NRG ENERGY, INC. FY 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAR 01, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

