NRG Energy, Inc. NYSE:NRG
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, July 24, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.83

Revenue  (mm)

1520.25

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-24-2020 12:30 PM GMT

1.48

2808.95

4.42

10072.17

4.62

9629.65

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.84

1.87

1.09

0.83

0.84

2.25

0.00

0.45

0.00 %

20.32 %

(100.00 %)

(45.78 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
NRG ENERGY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Kevin L. Cole
Sr. Vice President, Investor
Relations

Kirkland B. Andrews
Executive VP & CFO

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Agnieszka Anna Storozynski
Seaport Global Securities LLC,
Research Division

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

NRG ENERGY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the NRG Energy Inc.'s business update
call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator
Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Kevin Cole, Head of Investor
Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

Kevin L. Cole
Sr. Vice President, Investor Relations

Good morning, Catherine. Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to NRG's business update call. This
morning's call is being broadcast live via the phone and via webcast, which can be located in the Investors
section of our website at www.nrg.com under Presentations & Webcasts.

Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on
assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of this date. Actual results may differ materially. We urge
everyone to review the safe harbor in today's presentation as well as risk factors in our SEC filings. We
undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of future events except as required by law.

In addition, we will refer to both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. For information regarding our
non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, please
refer to today's presentation. And with that, I'll now turn the call to Mauricio Gutierrez, NRG's President
and CEO.

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in NRG. I'm joined this
morning by Kirk Andrews, our Chief Financial Officer. Also on the call and available for questions, we have
Elizabeth Killinger, Head of Retail Mass; and Chris Moser, Head of operations. Before we start, I'd like to
take a moment and recognize the men and women of NRG who have been reporting to work during this
pandemic at our power plants and customer care centers.

On behalf of everyone, thank you for keeping the lights on during this difficult time. Today, I'm pleased to
share several important business updates as highlighted on Slide 3.

First, we have reached a definitive agreement to acquire Direct Energy, a highly complementary
North American home and business retail company that advances our customer-focused strategy and
strengthens our integrated platform. This is a compelling transaction that will greatly expand our retail
footprint across North America and further diversify our product offerings and earnings.

Second, this transaction will create significant shareholder value. It exceeds our stated investment hurdle
rates and strengthens our path to achieving an investment-grade credit rating. And finally, our integrated
platform continues to deliver solid results. We are reaffirming our 2020 guidance and initiating 2021
guidance in line with expectations.

I'd like to go right into a summary of the Direct Energy acquisition on Slide 5. This is the right transaction
at the right time, and it represents a considerable opportunity for our business. Perfecting our integrated
model means moving closer to the customer and rebalancing our retail generation portfolio.

These transactions does exactly that. It greatly expands and enhances our retail business by adding over
3 million electric, natural gas and service retail customers throughout the United States and Canada.
It strengthens our core operating platform by creating a more balanced generation retail portfolio,
particularly in the Northeast, where we can expand the capital-light renewable PPA strategy we have

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

NRG ENERGY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

deployed in ERCOT. It adds a proven and well-established retail gas platform with national recognition and
reach. It reduces our earnings mix from coal and keeps us on track to achieve our long-term emission
reduction targets. And it creates significant value by leveraging our scalable operational platform. We
expect to realize $300 million of cost synergies per year. This transaction is highly attractive and accretive.
It exceeds our stated investment criteria, represents a multiple of 4.9x EBIT to EBITDA after synergies
and a 28% free cash flow yield on our invested capital.

Importantly, we will achieve our targeted credit metrics within 12 months of closing. The purchase price
of $3.625 billion will be funded through a mix of debt, equity-linked securities and cash on hand. Kirk will
provide more detail around these and what it means for our capital allocation plan and financials in 2020
and '21. The approvals required to close this transaction includes HSR, FERC and the Canada Competition
Act. Additionally, Centrica will hold a shareholder vote on the transaction within the next month. We target
closing by the end of 2020.

Turning to Slide 6. I want to briefly talk about how this transaction fits within our overall strategic road
map. Since I became CEO 4.5 years ago, we have transformed our business from a highly levered IPP to
a more stable and predictable integrated power company. During this time, we simplified and streamlined
our portfolio, strengthen our balance sheet, established a transparent and compelling capital allocation
framework and made sustainability an integral part of our foundation.

Our overarching commitment was to make sure you knew who we were and where we were heading with
no head scratches. Along these lines, at our 2018 Analyst Day, we presented a strategic road map, which
you can see on this slide. With 2020, marking the final year of our 3-year, 3-part transformation plan,
we have now fully turned our attention to our next phase of redefining NRG and moving closer to the
customer. Growing our Retail businesses positions the company to benefit from current market trends and
better integrates complementary and countercyclical parts of the value chain to further stabilize earnings,
improve the quality of cash flows and lower our overall business risk profile.

Today's announcement is consistent with our plan to rebalance our portfolio, reorganize around the
customer and continuously improve our business and cost structure while maintaining financial discipline.
It is just another step we're taking that demonstrates our commitment to creating a best-in-class,
customer-focused, integrated energy organization.

The acquisition of Direct Energy is highly complementary to our business, as you can see on Slide 7. When
complete, NRG will have the strongest collection of competitive power brands offering energy products and
services in North America.

NRG brands, including Reliant and Green Mountain, have been focused primarily on electricity customers
with the highest concentration in Texas. The Direct Energy brands, including Airtron, significantly expands
our mass and C&I footprint beyond electricity and outside of Texas.

This portfolio not only enhances our current offerings, but it also adds complementary business such as
natural gas. Direct Energy operates one of the largest natural gas retail platforms in the country, which we
see as a logical extension of our current product offerings.

We have been impressed with the strong track record of Direct's retail gas business and expect they will
benefit from operating on our platform and under our risk management program. The combined portfolio
will continue to be heavily weighted towards the residential customer, allowing us the opportunity to
provide an unparalleled level of innovation across products and services.

Both residential and business customers will be able to leverage our scope and design energy plants to
fit their specific needs, taking consumer choice to a whole new level. And as we have seen time and time
again, empowering customers with choice is both good for them and good for our business.

Before we move to the next slide, I want to briefly address the impact of COVID-19 on these consumer-
facing platforms. Regarding NRG specifically, I have been impressed by the quick turn to digital selling
when face-to-face marketing was paused due to state restrictions. The adaptability of the team to quickly
evolve without missing a beat and deliver is a job well done. For Direct Energy, I will limit my commentary

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

NRG ENERGY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

as we have not completed the acquisition. But I will say that we are comfortable with what we have seen
and have taken the near-term impact of COVID-19 into our plans and expectations.

Now turning to Slide 8. This transaction provides a unique opportunity to achieve significant cost
synergies, which we expect to total $300 million per year. These significant savings are possible by
leveraging our integrated model and disciplined cost management that we have applied since 2016 and
throughout our transformation plan. Given the complementary nature of both businesses, we expect to
leverage our consolidated platform and processes, preserve the value-added talent and capabilities from
the acquisition and focus our talent on optimizing the combined model.

Onetime costs to achieve will be $220 million, primarily for systems, process and personnel consolidation
costs. Our proven model of integration results in a streamlined operating model that provides cost
competitive products and places the customer at the center of everything we do.

Now turning to Slide 9, which provides the 3 pro forma run rate metrics. As you can see, this transaction
creates tremendous shareholder value while maintaining significant financial flexibility, with $6 billion in
excess cash generated through 2025, after achieving our target investment-grade metrics and growing our
dividend at the midpoint of our 7% to 9% annual target.

On one final note, before I move to our quarterly business update, I would like to take a moment to say to
the Direct Energy team. We look forward to welcoming you to the NRG family.

Moving to Slide 11. I want to provide you with a preview of our year-to-date results and other business
updates. As you can see on the left-hand side of the slide, during the quarter, we delivered $574 million of
adjusted EBITDA, 22% higher than the same period last year.

The performance during the quarter was primarily driven by favorable weather, strong mass retail load
as a result of stay-at-home restrictions and lower sales and marketing costs due to timing. Our year-to-
date adjusted EBITDA results now stand at $922 million, a 15% increase from last year. And as a result of
our strong performance over the first half of the year, we are reaffirming our 2020 guidance ranges. We
expect to post the full earnings material and 10-Q on August 6. And given today's comprehensive strategy
and capital allocation update, do not currently expect to host a call.

Now moving to the right side of the slide. While we typically wait until the third quarter to initiate next
year's guidance, in light of today's acquisition announcement, we're initiating 2021 NRG stand-alone
guidance of $1.9 billion to $2.1 billion adjusted EBITDA and 2.275 -- $1.275 billion to $1.475 billion of
free cash flow before growth. These guidance ranges further demonstrate our ability to deliver stable and
predictable results through varying market conditions.

Moving to the bottom right portion of the slide, we're also announcing 3 strategic portfolio updates today.
First, we are opportunistically buying out the Midwest Generation leases. As a reminder, these assets were
acquired in 2014 as part of the Edison Mission transaction, and the leases have been in place since 2000.
Consistent with our efforts to simplify our balance sheet and achieve investment-grade credit rating, we
have successfully negotiated to buy out the leases.

This action creates greater operational and financial flexibility with the assets. We expect the net cash cost
to be $112 million. Next, we expect to monetize Agua Caliente, which was previously delayed by the PG&E
bankruptcy. We expect net proceeds from this asset to total $120 million.

And finally, as we roll forward to 2021 capital allocation, we will be completing the Encina site
improvement project, which began this year. We're allocating $25 million in 2021. And following
completion, we expect to monetize the site at a return significantly exceeding our hurdle rates.

So with that, I will turn it over to Kirk for the financial update.

Kirkland B. Andrews
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Mauricio. I'll begin on Slide 13 by expanding just a bit on the summary of our second quarter
highlights that Mauricio just provided before providing a financial overview of the Direct acquisition.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

NRG ENERGY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

Mauricio mentioned, based on our year-to-date results and outlook over the balance of the year, which to
be clear, includes lower expected COVID-related costs versus our last update, we are reaffirming our 2020
guidance ranges for EBITDA and free cash flow for growth. Mauricio also mentioned, we've executed an
agreement with the owner lessors of Powerton and Joliet to purchase those assets, thereby eliminating the
lease obligations we assumed as a part of their acquisition.

As a lessor, we have kept those assets in compliance with environmental regulations through back end
control investments and in the case of Joliet, by converting units from coal to natural gas. By purchasing
these assets, we're able to eliminate the lease obligations, which are treated as debt for ratings purposes,
thereby streamlining our balance sheet.

Moreover, as owners rather than lessors, we have a greater operational and strategic flexibility, thus
providing us a greater range of alternatives to optimize their benefits to NRG going forward. The purchase
of these assets will be funded with approximately $112 million of NRG capital. With the balance of the buy
in, funded with debt, replacing the $148 million lease obligation on a credit neutral basis.

Turning to Slide 14. To complete the 2020 update, I'll briefly review 2020 capital allocation, which includes
2 notable changes. First, our investments increased primarily as a result of the Midwest Gen purchase.

And second, we're reserving the remaining balance of 2020 capital of $664 million in order to help fund
the Direct acquisition, which we expect to close by early '21. We recognize that this results in a partial
decrease of the capital previously earmarked for share repurchases under our 50-50 allocation policy.
However, as I'll demonstrate shortly, we are confident that this is a superior use of this capital versus
repurchasing our own stock.

Turning to the Direct acquisition and starting with sources and uses on Slide 15, the purchase price of
Direct plus expected transaction costs and expenses, leads us to total uses of $3.775 billion. As shown on
the right side of the slide, we expect to fund this with the following sources of capital.

First, while we fully backstopped a bridge facility to fund the acquisition, our plan is to issue new secured
and unsecured notes, likely prior to closing, to raise approximately $2.4 billion towards the acquisition.
However, we view approximately $1.05 billion of this acquisition leverage to be temporary as we intend
to delever by this amount using 2021 capital in order to rapidly return to our investment-grade metrics
within the first year.

We view this as a capital allocation priority. And based on extensive discussions with the rating agencies
who understand and appreciate this commitment, we expect favorable reports on NRG and the transaction
in the very near future. With this anticipated support from the agencies and our confidence in returning to
our target metrics, we expect this will put us on track to potentially earn an investment-grade rating by
late next year or early '22, given the risk reducing impact of the transaction on our overall platform.

We have also reserved approximately $750 million in potential market sourced equity which is a base
case, we are showing as equity-linked or convertible securities. This was a critical component of our rating
strategy, and we will be focused on optimizing the structure and magnitude of this portion of the capital
sources for the acquisition. We will look to balance equity treatment, ratings impact and overall cost of
capital and will select the ideal structure based on market conditions as we move closer to closing the
transaction.

Finally, we will fund the balance of the purchase price with the 2020 excess capital I reviewed earlier.

Additionally, as noted on the slide, we'll be increasing our liquidity facilities in connection with the
transaction as well, with a total of $3.5 billion in additional facilities, supplemented by excess capacity on
our existing revolver, all of which is primarily intended to fund letters of credit in connection with hedging
activities.

Our analysis and long track record of efficient collateral management gives us high confidence in our
ability to leverage these strengths to significantly reduce these requirements as we integrate Direct. This
opportunity will be further enhanced as we move to investment-grade as we expect at least $1.5 billion in
reduced collateral needs, from an investment-grade ratings upgrade alone.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

NRG ENERGY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

Finally, in order to ensure nimble access to cash and liquidity, we are increasing our minimum cash, which
we deduct before calculating capital available for allocation by $150 million from $500 million currently to
$650 million following the transaction.

Turning next to Slide 16. I'll begin our review of the financial benefits of the Direct acquisition, with an
overview of the 2021 NRG stand-alone guidance Mauricio provided, which will provide a baseline for the
acquisition impact. We're initiating 2021 guidance of $1.90 billion to $2.1 billion in adjusted EBITDA and
1.7 -- $1.275 billion rather, and $1.475 billion in free cash flow before growth.

Our stand-alone guidance is consistent with 2020 expected results despite the backwardated power price
curves, further underscoring the resilience of our integrated model. Although we expect to close the Direct
acquisition by early 2021, we expect to realize the full run rate impact of the transaction by '23 due to the
ramp-up in significant synergy benefits as well as the decreasing incremental interest costs associated
with the transaction as we quickly repay a portion of the acquisition debt in '21 in order to return to our
investment-grade credit metrics in the first year of the transaction.

Given our strong confidence in the ongoing resilience of our integrated model, we'll use the midpoint of
NRG's 2021 guidance to show the full run rate financial power of the combination, which we'll realize by
'23.

Starting with 2021. Based on the assumption of a January 1 close, we expect Direct Energy to contribute
an incremental $500 million in adjusted EBITDA. This consists of 3 components: first, baseline or run rate
EBITDA before synergies of $440 million.

Second, we expect nearly half of the full amount of synergies of approximately $135 million in the first
year of the acquisition. And finally, having assessed and risk-adjusted our expectations for Direct's 2021
financial results to allow for the possible impact of various COVID-19 outcomes, we've made a downward
adjustment to the '21 expected EBITDA of approximately $75 million. We view these assumptions as
potentially conservative as should this possible impact abate or moderate, we may see upside to the 2021
contribution from Direct.

As we increase to the full impact of synergies over the next 2 years, we expect Direct to contribute a total
of $740 million in adjusted EBITDA or just under 5x adjusted EBITDA based on the purchase price, leading
to $2.74 billion in total pro forma adjusted run rate EBITDA in 2023.

Turning to free cash flow before growth. In 2021, we expect Direct to contribute $240 million in
incremental cash flow after deducting incremental acquisition debt interest of approximately $150 million,
dividends on the new convertible preferred and other cash flow items.

As we will be repaying approximately $1.05 billion of debt in 2021 in order to return to our target credit
metrics in the first year, we will realize approximately $50 million in lower interest from the acquisition
going forward. We will, however, likely reduce or realized rather this reduction in interest by repaying
higher coupon legacy NRG unsecured notes, which will become callable next year, helping us optimize
interest savings from delevering. These savings, combined with the full impact of synergies, drive run rate
incremental free cash flow before growth from the acquisition to $540 million by 2023.

As shown in the lower left of the slide, after giving effect for NRG capital allocated to the transaction,
which totals approximately $1.94 billion, the run rate incremental free cash flow before growth from
Direct implies a 28% free cash flow yield as compared to an approximate 17% yield on NRG shares at
the current price, helping to underscore not only the compelling financial impact of the transaction on an
absolute basis, but more importantly, relative to repurchasing our own stock with this excess capital as
well.

Moreover, as we recognize, we must fully consider the financial impact of allocating capital to this
transaction on a relative basis. To further illustrate this on the lower right corner of the slide, we've
compared the free cash flow per share impact of repurchasing shares with the capital allocated toward
Direct, using share prices ranging from the current level in the mid-30s to $42 a share, which is the 52-
week high. As you can see, this implies a run rate impact of the Direct acquisition of approximately 8% to
13% accretion to free cash flow per share, importantly, on this relative basis.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

NRG ENERGY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

Finally, by acquiring Direct, we are also able to use our substantial surplus of net operating losses to shield
incremental cash taxes over most of the remaining decades, thereby accelerating their use and driving
additional positive after-tax NPV of approximately $100 million versus the longer time frame over which
we would have used them on a stand-alone basis.

However, despite this accelerated use of NRG's NOLs, we do not expect to become a full cash taxpayer on
a combined basis until late in this decade, providing ongoing substantial tax runway even when combined.

Turning to 21 capital allocation on Slide 17. Starting with the midpoint of 2021 free cash flow before
growth, which I reviewed earlier, we expect to supplement this excess capital through the planned sale of
our remaining interest in Agua Caliente in early 2021, thereby augmenting capital available for allocation
by an expected net $120 million and leading to $1.72 billion in excess cash before deducting the increase
of minimum cash of $150 million.

This deduction leaves us at $1.57 billion in incremental 2021 capital available for allocation, which will be
first allocated to reducing debt in order to return balance sheet metrics to our target levels.

As I mentioned previously, as opposed to repaying lower cost debt, we'll issue to fund Direct will augment
the interest savings power by most likely targeting that higher coupon legacy unsecured debt, which is
callable in 2021.

We then reserved $317 million for dividends based on the midpoint of our targeted dividend growth rate
range of 7% to 9%. Finally, we have approximately $200 million in identified investments, primarily
consisting of cost to achieve in connection with generating synergies from the Direct acquisition, leaving
us then fully allocated for 2021.

Following our return to investment-grade metrics in 2021, we plan to resume our policy of returning 50%
of excess capital to shareholders with the remaining balance reserve for additional growth opportunities
but remain flexible in increasing capital return to shareholders should superior investment opportunities
not materialize.

Finally, turning to our credit profile on Slide 17 and our continuing focus on maintaining our credit ratio
and remaining on track to achieve investment grade. As shown on the table for 2021, on a stand-alone
basis, we would be at the more favorable end of our targeted range of 2.5 to 2.75x net debt to corporate
EBITDA.

When we then add the impact of this transaction, or approximately $1.5 billion of incremental debt, which
is net of almost $1.1 billion in deleveraging in '21 and $500 million of incremental EBITDA, which was --
does not yet reflect the entire expected run rate synergies, our forecasted net debt to corporate EBITDA
at the end of 2021 on a combined basis, will be close to the midpoint of our targeted range, remaining
within our targeted credit metrics by the end of 2021 underscores our commitment to continuing on a
path to achieving investment-grade in the near future, which we now expect would be possible at the end
of 2021 or early '22, based on our continuing dialogue with the rating agencies about the strength of our
integrated platform and this business risk reducing transaction.

Mauricio, I'll turn it back to you.

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Kirk. I mean before moving to closing remarks, I want to review our capital allocation road
map on Slide 20. Our capital allocation framework remains unchanged. It was built upon our long-term
commitment of value creation.

As you can see in the bar chart on the left, we have been disciplined in deploying every dollar of our
excess capital and adhering to our capital allocation principles. If you recall, my first commitment to you
nearly 5 years ago was to first leave no doubt in our balance sheet strength, and we have done that.

Next, it was to use our tremendous financial flexibility to deploy our excess cash in good, sound
investments that meet our financial thresholds and are consistent with our strategy.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

NRG ENERGY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

If this was not an option, we would return capital back to shareholders. And we did, resulting in a nearly
25% reduction in our share count. Today's investment is consistent with our strategy and exceeds all
financial hurdle rates.

We're using our financial flexibility to fund the project and expect to complete the deleveraging program in
2021. Then we would return to our target 50% growth and 50% return of capital objective in 2022.

Our dividend policy remains unchanged at 7% to 9% annual growth. This is a great transaction for NRG
and will be a source of value creation for all our stakeholders in the years to come.

In closing, on Slide 21, I believe today's business update is another example of how everyone here at
NRG remains focused on creating sustainable long-term value. This transaction is the right transaction.
It expands our geographic reach and product offerings. It diversifies our business and reduces financial
risks. It provides opportunities for significant synergies, enhancing our cost competitiveness and unlocking
further value for our customers.

It improves our path to investment-grade and resilience once achieved. It enhances opportunities for
organic growth and our ability to thrive through an increasingly cleaner and electrified economy. And it will
create significant and sustainable shareholder value.
Thank you for your time today, and I also look forward to providing all our stakeholders more information
during our Analyst Day in early 2021. Catherine, with that, we're ready to take questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

NRG ENERGY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Julien Smith with Bank of America.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Congratulations team. Well done. So a couple of quick questions. First, I suppose the outset, the
generation alignment, I know you talked about changing around some of the collateral facilities here over
time, but how do you think about the generation alignment and the strategy on that front as it aligns with
collateral benefits?

And then secondarily, can you talk about the synergies? I mean obviously the synergy number here is
very large relative to the underlying adjusted EBITDA that we're starting with. How do you think about the
confidence and line of sight to getting to that? And frankly even, what are the parameters or standard of
deviation around that as you think about it?

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So let me start with the first one. I mean the Direct Energy transaction has significant customers
in the East region which helps us balance our generation on our retail. I mean you have heard me said
before that we have an imbalanced our generation in bigger in the East. So this transaction really brings
that into balance and allows us to do and replicate what we have done in Texas by pointing generation to
Retail. So in that respect, this transaction is very, very complementary.

With respect to the synergies, I mean, since the deal is not done yet, I want to make sure that I limit my
comments on that and -- but I would be -- I'm looking forward to share with you in -- once the transaction
closes and in the Analyst Day, I will be -- I will provide a lot more clarity. Having said that, as you can tell,
this transaction is very complementary. It leverages our operating platform and I think we can achieve
significant synergies on processes and systems. I can tell you, Julien, that I am very, very confident in
achieving these synergies. And as you know, we have been integrating some of the Retail acquisitions in
the past couple of months with so much stream, so we have a process nailed down to be able to achieve
these synergies. And I mean, I can't tell you how confident I feel about this, but I will be able to share a
whole lot more in our Analyst Day and when it closes. Kirk, do you...

Kirkland B. Andrews
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Mauricio, the only thing I'd add to that, Julien, is, as Mauricio has said, we've undertaken the same
rigor and diligence that we have, not only in previous transactions, but what we undertook in the context
of the transformation plan.

What also gives me confidence when we find the cost to achieve relative to the synergy is relatively
comparable. And as Mauricio said, it's the same process. And most importantly to me as the CFO, we have
the same team and leader leading the tracking. And we're approaching this from a "what gets measured,
gets done" standpoint. So we're going to track this exactly the same way with the same rigor we did in the
transformation plan.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just a quick clarification, if you don't mind. With respect to the '20 and '21 capital allocation, I mean, you
went through some good detail there. It doesn't seem that there's a lot of latitude for buyback. Just want
to make sure that I'm looking at this correctly.

Kirkland B. Andrews
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

NRG ENERGY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Acknowledged on that, Julien. That's why, as I mentioned when I went through '20, not lost on me
that some portion of that initial capital coming out of the '21 -- '20 [ coffers ], for which we're now fully
allocated, was previously earmarked to share buybacks. That's why first focus for me on the financial
analysis was ensuring that we had a transaction that measured up relative to our own stock.

And given the priority to deleveraging and what we believe is a superior long-term sustainable impact
on shareholder value, and that's getting to that investment-grade rating. We are temporarily but very
dedicated to prioritizing that deleveraging capital I mentioned before.

But importantly, I also underscore as I think Mauricio did, once we get through that period of time, we
expect to return and remembering that we're continuing to deliver capital back to our shareholders
through our more robust and growing dividend. But beyond '21, once we get back to those ratios, and we
will, we have an opportunity to go back to our 50-50 plan, supplementing the dividend and buybacks.

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And I think that's the important part is we're maintaining the dividend with the 7% to 9% growth.
And after '21, we will go back to our capital allocation framework of 50% growth, 50% return of capital to
shareholders. So we have not changed our capital allocation framework.

Operator

And our next question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just a couple of questions here. First off, post this deal, where is this like more specifically leave you in the
East, more of your generation to load match? And what I'm trying to get at is, longer term, as some of the
older assets may retire, do you envision this becoming more of a retail platform and asset-light strategy in
the East?

And then do you -- is there any interest there in trying to monetize the Canadian clients, the services
business? And I have a follow-up.

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Well, I mean, this rebalances the position that we have in the East, but also gives us an opportunity to
expand our capital-light PPA renewable strategy that we have deployed very successfully in Texas. We will
expand that to the East. I mean, remember, Shar, we don't have to -- I believe in the integrated platform
today as much as I did yesterday and a year ago. But it doesn't mean that we have to own every single
asset. We can own the asset. We can rent it, and then we can also lean on the bilateral wholesale market.
So we have that optionality, and we're going to do what we believe is the most cost-efficient and profit
maximizing way of doing it. So I feel very, very comfortable that now that we have this platform, we're
going to be able to optimize it like we have optimized ERCOT.

Your second question was about the makeup of the businesses. What I can tell you today, Shar, is I'm
really, really excited about the platform that we're acquiring today. And this is no different than what we
do at NRG. We're constantly evaluating and optimizing our portfolio. And once the Direct Energy is part
of NRG, we're going to do the same thing with the same rigor. And -- but at this point, I am really excited
about the entire business that we're acquiring.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. And then just from a strategic perspective, the '21 cash avail allocations kind of obligated now, but
you plan on kind of reverting to the current 50-50 growth capital return plans. I mean could we see this

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

NRG ENERGY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

kind of dial turn back a little bit to return to capital? Why keep the door even open for so much growth
now that you've done this deal at this juncture? Why not just guide to 100% return of capital?

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

I mean that's a possibility, but we're talking about 2022. And there's a lot of things that can happen
between now and 2022. I mean we're laser-focused right now on closing this transaction, on integrating
the transaction, on achieving all the synergies because we believe that, that creates significant
shareholder value superior to any -- to a share buyback. And when we get closer to 2022, we're going to
evaluate the opportunities. But Kirk, I mean, do you have anything else on the...

Kirkland B. Andrews
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean, certainly, the rearing, the 50-50 program is important and not to belie our intentions
because, obviously, we make those decisions when the time comes. But I think it's important to illustrate
the order of magnitude here since we're not increasing the common share count that if you extrapolate
that run rate free cash flow, and take out since we're basically back to 0 level on our objectives from a
balance sheet standpoint beyond '21.

If you begin the additive effect of that ongoing cash flow is buoyed by our now more resilient and
diversified platform on a robust basis, I think it doesn't take very many years because you -- even after
you deduct for the dividend, you can add those numbers up on flexibility of cash flow. And within a couple
of 3 years, you start to get something close to the current market cap of the company. Again, not to say
we intend to do that, but I'm just illustrating what that means by the order of magnitude over a relatively
short period of time after we get past this deleveraging period.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Congrats on the transaction.

Kirkland B. Andrews
Executive VP & CFO

You got it. We appreciate it.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Congrats, Mauricio. So a couple of things. Just can you talk a little bit about if we have to be wary at all of
market power issues, I guess, particularly in Texas?

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Sure. I mean I'm not worried about that. I mean this transaction is primarily a niche transaction. Keep in
mind that in Texas is a very highly competitive market. We have hundreds of reps, and it has a very low
barrier to entry. So I am not concerned about market power in Texas.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. And then is there like a breakup fee in case somebody else tries to update for this?

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

NRG ENERGY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

Yes, there is. We will be providing that. That will be filed and you're going to be able to see that.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. You mentioned upfront how this changes your mix of -- reduces your mix of GHG and coal in the
company. Could you maybe give a little more color on that aspect?

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean the one thing is, as a percentage of our total EBITDA, it reduces the carbon intensity of the
organization. So this is -- when I talk about the -- on a relative basis to the size of the organization, I
mean, they don't own any generation assets. And so basically, that gives us the opportunity, as I was
saying, to expand our capital-light renewable PPA strategy, which obviously will be low carbon by definition
in the East. So that's how we intend to continue to be on a path on our carbon reduction on targets that
we have to be net 0 by 2050.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Great. And then just last quickly on the synergies. Could you maybe give a little color of the mix between
like, I guess, cost versus revenue or overhead versus like Direct driving your business better essentially?

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, Steve, I hope that you are appreciative. I mean the deal is not done. So providing a lot more
information at this point is perhaps not good. But what I can tell you is that these are complementary
businesses, right? So the underlying operating platform of invoice and billing, customer care, IT systems, I
mean, this is going to be very focused on systems and processes.

We are acquiring a very, very respected and well-run business. And we want to maintain the talent that
has built this business. So I think you should be thinking about these more as systems and process and
less about people.

Operator

Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Seaport.

Agnieszka Anna Storozynski
Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division

So I have a bigger picture question. So Centrica has already actually disclosed the -- this breakup fee,
only $30 million. It seems like Direct Energy is a unique or one-of-a-kind retail assets in the U.S., at least.
So I'm a little bit surprised, frankly, that we haven't heard one more chatter around it or 2 more interest
from integrated oil and gas companies as this would be an obvious attempt to enter the electric retail
market if they were interested. So that's one.

And secondly, so is the strategy to become basically like a nationwide retail, electric retail and natural gas
retail provider, and hence, your pursuit of your exposure to the Northeast, is it -- I mean, I'm basically
trying to understand if there's like a longer-term strategy, just not to be only a Texas-focused retail book,
but actually attempts to grow the business across the country?

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Angie. So let me start with your first question around the possible suitors for this business. And
what I can tell you is that, as you can appreciate, this transaction hangs on our ability to achieve the
synergies that rely on combining the operating platforms and leveraging the operating platforms. I don't
think there is anyone else out there that is going to be able to create this value given our platform. I mean

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

NRG ENERGY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

with respect to your question around strategy, I mean, this is pretty much in line and consistent with the
road map that I provided back in the Analyst Day of 2018. And that's why I felt that it was necessary to
put it on this deck so you can see that trajectory. I mean we want to move closer to the customer. We
believe that the mega trends that we're seeing support that move on the energy value chain. And if you
think about what this transaction does for us, it doubles the size of our Retail Mass business. It balances
our generation and retail portfolio in the East. It adds a very well-respected national gas retail platform.
It expands our product offering beyond just electricity and natural gas and other services that allows us
to reduce the acquisition cost and increases the stickiness with customers, and across our C&I business,
at a time when you're seeing more onshoring of manufacturing in the United States, given the supply
chain environment or more hostile environment in the world. And we are achieving all of that at a very
attractive multiple of 4.9x, exceeding our investment hurdle rates, achieving a free cash flow yield on the
capital of almost 30%. And all of that, we will get back to our targeted credit metrics within 12 months.
I mean to me, that is an exciting, exciting value proposition, exciting acquisition. And obviously then, we
will be focusing on getting the approvals that are necessary, closing the transaction and focusing on the
integration of this business.

Agnieszka Anna Storozynski
Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division

Can I have just one follow-up. So given -- we've seen some examples, especially in the north of
deterioration in the competitive retail environment for electric retailers, mostly related to just energy,
I mean, did you take it into account that there could be some, I don't know, either compression or
more difficult regulatory backdrops, some of the retail expansion in the Northeast? And how does Direct
Energy's existing portfolio overlap with some of those more troubled retail jurisdictions like, I don't know,
New York, Illinois, maybe?

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

I mean we have -- I mean, we already have a presence in the East markets, Angie, and we are very well
aware of the dynamics. We're very well aware of the economics. I think what this does, it provides us
incremental scale, which allows us to lower our cost. And given the expansion on products, we're able to
create more stickiness and lower attrition on our customers. So I feel that the platform that we have plus
the knowledge that we already have in the East with our retail presence, I mean this is -- like you said,
this is a very unique opportunity. And just we're very, very excited about reaching this agreement.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research.

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Just quick. And a lot of my things were asked and answered, but I'll just pick up that recent theme. I
think it's fair to say that Direct, Mauricio, probably hasn't executed as consistently as you have in terms of
retention and holding the size of the book. And I'm just curious why are you confident that you can sort
of bring them closer to where you are. Or is it more the ability to cross-sell and things like that, which you
were just talking about that makes this sort of a risk reducer rather than -- is there a concern that your
portfolio might be a little lower quality once these things together? I'd just like to hear how you answer
that.

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Well, I think Direct Energy is a high-quality retailer that is very well run. And what we have here is an
opportunity to bring 2 complementary businesses to really focus on the operating platform, achieve cost
efficiencies. But at the same time, this provides us greater geographic diversity, provides us a wider
basket of product offering. And I think that's when it's going to be essential as we go to the East market
and other markets is to really broaden the offering that we are providing to our customers. I mean the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

NRG ENERGY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

more products you offer, the lower the acquisition cost is and the greater stickiness you can create with
these customers.

So I actually think that their brand is a very well-respected brand, very well run. But I think we have an
opportunity to really combine them to and create something that is pretty special. And I don't think we
have seen in the electric and now natural gas and services space.

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Great. And if I just come back to -- Steve asked about the nature of the synergies in your slide there that
I think there are 5 bullets, and they all seem to be cost items. So can you -- I mean are you assuming in
that $300 million are very much at all for revenues? Is that what you would call revenue synergies in kind
of prior deals? Or is that more just -- is it really just a cost number?

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

No, these are all cost synergies, so there is no revenue.

Operator

Thank you. We have now reached the end of the hour. I will turn the call back to Mauricio Gutierrez for
closing remarks.

Mauricio Gutierrez
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Catherine. And thank you all for joining us today in this very exciting moment for NRG, and I
look forward to talking to you about this acquisition in the future. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

NRG ENERGY, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

