Omnicom Group Inc. NYSE:OMC
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, February 11, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.85

1.89

2.16

1.23

5.98

6.06

1.34

6.26

4072.36

4141.20

1.69

3476.00

14887.36

14953.70

0.45

15147.20

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-11-2020 12:53 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.10

1.60

1.30

1.85

1.17

1.68

1.32

1.89

6.36 %

5.00 %

1.54 %

2.16 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

John D. Wren
Chairman & CEO

Philip J. Angelastro
Executive VP & CFO

Shub Mukherjee
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Adrien de Saint Hilaire
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Alexia Skouras Quadrani
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

Daniel Salmon
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Julien Roch
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Omnicom Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Release
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.

At this time, I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations, Shub Mukherjee. Please go ahead.

Shub Mukherjee
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. On
the call with me today is John Wren, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Angelastro, Chief
Financial Officer. We hope everyone has had a chance to review our earnings release. We have posted
to www.omnicomgroup.com this morning's press release along with the presentation covering the
information that we will review this morning. This call is also being simulcast and will be archived on our
website.

Before we start, I've been asked to remind everyone to read the forward-looking statements and other
information that we have included at the end of our presentation and to point out that certain of the
statements made today may constitute forward-looking statements, and that these statements are our
present expectations and that actual events or results may differ materially.

I would also like to remind you that during the course of the call, we will discuss some non-GAAP
measures in talking about Omnicom's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to
the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the presentation materials.

We are going to begin this morning's call with an overview of our business from John Wren. Then Phil
Angelastro will review our financial results for the quarter, and then we will open the line for your
questions.

John D. Wren
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Shub. Good morning. Thank you for joining the call this morning. I'm pleased to speak with
you about our fourth quarter and the full year 2019 results.

Our fourth quarter performance was very solid, with organic growth of 3.5%. For the year, organic growth
was 2.8%. We also exceeded our margin targets for the quarter and for the year. EBIT margin for the
quarter increased 30 basis points to 15.6%. For the year, EBIT margin was up 40 basis points to 14.2%,
excluding the effect of our third quarter 2018 dispositions and repositioning actions. And EPS for the
quarter was up 6.8% to $1.89 per share.

In the face of a dynamic, yet challenging environment, I'm very pleased that our strategies, talent and
execution have allowed us to consistently deliver solid financial results. I will speak more about our
achievements in these areas later in my remarks, but let me first provide more color on our financial
performance.

Looking at fourth quarter organic growth across the disciplines, Advertising and Media was up 5.1%, CRM
Consumer Experience was up 3.3%, Healthcare was up 12.9%, PR was down 2.5%; and as expected, CRM
Execution & Support was down 6%. By region, the U.S. was up 2.8%, driven by solid results in Advertising
and Media and CRM consumer experience, and we had double-digit growth in Healthcare. CRM Execution
& Support was down double digits in the U.S., and Public Relations also had negative growth. The U.K. was
up 3.3%. Advertising and Media, Healthcare and PR performed well, offset by weaker performance in both
our CRM disciplines.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

Overall growth in the Euro and non-Euro region was 4.7%. Results in the Euro Markets was mixed.
Germany and Spain performed well. France had negative growth as it continued to be impacted by weak
performance in our specialty print production business. Our events business was also negative due to
difficult comps. The non-Euro Markets performed quite well overall, led by the Czech Republic and Russia.
Asia Pacific growth was 4.5% as China and Australia had good results in the quarter. Latin America was
down 1.3% due to challenges in Brazil and Chile. Our smallest region, the Middle East and Africa, was up
19.5%.

Looking at our cash flow in 2019, Omnicom generated $1.7 billion in free cash flow and returned more
than $1.1 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Approximately $120 million in
cash was used for acquisition-related spend during the year. At this point, our acquisition pipeline is good,
and we expect activity to pick up in 2020.

Our plans for the use of free cash flow remains unchanged: paying our dividends, pursuing strategic
acquisitions and repurchasing our shares.

Finally, our balance sheet and credit ratings remain very strong.

Turning now to our strategy and operations. We are focused on key strategic objectives that have
consistently served us well. These strategies are centered around: hiring and retaining the best talent,
driving organic growth by evolving and expanding our service offerings; investing in areas of growth with
a particular focus on data, analytics, digital transformation, CRM and precision marketing, e-commerce
and health care; and remaining vigilant on managing our costs and improving operational efficiencies in
areas such as real estate, accounting, purchasing and IT.

To meet our clients' desire for simplicity and to be better able to recruit and deliver the best talent to
them, we've structured our service offerings around our practice areas and our Global Client Leaders
group. The Global Client Leaders group provides clients a single point of access to our network of
thousands of industry specialists in a variety of marketing disciplines.

From late 2017 through early 2019, we established 12 practice areas, including CRM and Precision
Marketing, Advertising, Media, Public Relations, Retail, Branding, Healthcare, Experiential and several
others. The practice areas bring together strong expertise within a particular discipline, provide our people
greater opportunities for training and development, better match the needs of our clients with our service
offerings and help develop strategies for internal investments and acquisitions. Together, the global client
and practice area leaders can deliver expertise and talent to our clients that is aligned with their business
strategies and can tackle their marketing challenges.

One of our long-standing practice areas, which is very well aligned with our Global Client Leaders group,
is Omnicom Health Group. This group had an outstanding year, which contributed to our overall growth
in 2019. Omnicom Health Group is one of the largest health care communication scripts in the world. The
group services over 250 different client companies, including the top 25 pharma and biotech companies in
the world.

Omnicom Health Group is able to manage communications across the entire health care ecosystem
due to its breadth and depth of specialty health care agencies that are focused on 4 key health care
customers: health care professionals, payer organizations, patients and consumers and medical experts
and regulatory stakeholders.

The group's success is driven by its talent. In 2019, the group added 300 health care specialists to its
roster, which now numbers more than 4,300 people. Omnicom Health Group has invested in training and
upscaling its people in health care marketing through programs, such as its oncology university.

The group's success is also due to its use of our data and analytical tools. Over the past year, it has begun
to use Omni, our people-based precision marketing and insights platform, to better understand health care
professionals and patients' online behavior. In doing so, Omnicom Health Group has successfully created
more insightful, targeted and personalized communication strategies for its clients. All our agencies have
access to our data and analytics tools, which we've invested in for over a decade. Omni is now available
globally in the majority of markets in which we operate.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

Omni's open platform allows us to continually evolve and expand its capabilities to serve the specific
needs of our agencies and clients. As an example, our pioneering cultural consultancy, Sparks and Honey,
recently launched Q, the first of its kind, SaaS platform that combines human and AI-powered intelligence
to help organizations predict change before it disrupts their business. The capabilities of Q are fully
embedded within Omni.

While data and analytics remain a top investment and priority for us, we understand that data can only
take us so far. It is our IP, our creativity that truly sets us apart. It is creativity and innovation informed by
data and analytics that will drive the most meaningful business results.

One barometer we use to measure our success in cultivating the best talent and the strength of our
agency brands is the performance of our client work and award shows. Here are a few recent highlights.
Omnicom was named Holding Company of the Year by MediaPost for the second year in a row, while BBDO
won Agency of the Year. The Eurobest 2019, 2 of our networks were in the top 3, with BBDO coming in
first and DDB coming in third. In addition, Abbott Mead Vickers BBDO took the top spot for Agency of the
Year, and DDB Paris came in second. PHD also won media network of the year for the second year in a
row. Critical Mass was named Customer Engagement Agency of the Year and Campaign U.S. Agency of the
Year awards. In the PR Week's inaugural Purpose Awards, Porter Novelli was named Agency of the Year.

None of these awards would have been possible without our top-notch agency brands. Their rich history
and well-established cultures have shaped our industry for decades, and we applaud the award-winning
work they create year after year for our clients. We remain steadfast in believing in the value of our
individual brands, and we'll continue to support their unique cultures and go-to-market strategies.

It is the people within our agencies who make Omnicom what it is today, and our commitment to
attracting, retaining and developing talent remains our top priority. This includes fostering diverse and
inclusive workplaces, where all employees feel comfortable, confident and supported.

While this is a long-standing and continuous effort, 2019 set several milestones that highlight our
dedication and commitment. In 2019, we were recognized by Fortune Magazine as one of only 6 Fortune
500 companies that have more women than men on its Board of Directors. The Wall Street Journal also
recently released its own diversity and inclusion ranking of companies in the S&P 500, and I'm proud to
say that we were tied for third

In addition, Omniwomen, our employee resource group, continue to serve as a catalyst for increasing
the influence and number of women leaders throughout the Omnicom network. The program currently
has 14 chapters globally, and we'll be hosting several events across the globe in honor of the upcoming
International Women's Day on March 8.

In May 2019, we launched OPEN DisAbility+Allies. The launch of this group went hand-in-hand with our
ongoing strategic partnership with the Valuable 500, a global initiative putting disability inclusion on
business leadership's agenda.

Finally, for the fourth consecutive year, Omnicom received a perfect score on the Corporate Equality Index
conducted by the Human Rights Campaign, which highlights our commitment to an inclusive workforce
and designates us as a 2020 Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality. I'm extremely proud of our leadership
teams and all our people for these achievements.

In addition to our employee resource groups, we continue to invest in our talent development programs.
In December, we announced the appointment of Karen Van Bergen as Dean of Omnicom University, our
long-standing management development program. Karen previously served as CEO of Omnicom's PR
group. 2019 marked the 25th anniversary of this prestigious program. From its modest beginnings in
Boston with only 1 program, we've expanded Omnicom University to 12 programs a year on 3 continents
with nearly 5,400 global alumni. It is considered one of the preeminent professional development
programs in our industry. Our strong financial performance underpins the outstanding work of our people
and agencies. We look forward to continued success in the year ahead.

In closing, we are pleased with our performance for Q4 and the full year 2019, and I'm confident that we
are very well positioned as we enter 2020.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

I will now turn the call over to Phil for a closer look at the results.

Philip J. Angelastro
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, John, and good morning.

John just described, the fourth quarter results represented a very solid end of the year for us, reflecting
the quality of our employees and the services they deliver to help our clients achieve their goals. And
for the full year, our results were in line with the upper end of the range of our expectations. As always,
our agencies remain focused on responding to our clients' ever-changing requirements and delivering
effective solutions to meet their needs and, at the same time, managing their agency cost structures in
an efficient manner. We also continue to see the positive effects of our ongoing company-wide efforts to
identify opportunities for improvement and efficiencies.

Starting on Slide 7. Regarding our revenue for the fourth quarter, we had organic growth of 3.5% as our
agencies overall did a good job capturing year-end client project spend. For the full year, organic growth
was 2.8%, which was at the upper end of the range of our expectation of 2% to 3% growth, as we had
positive performance across most regions and major markets. FX was once again negative, reducing
our revenue by 0.9% in the fourth quarter. And while the reduction in revenue from dispositions made
during the last 12 months exceeded revenue from acquisitions in the quarter, a net reduction of 1.2% this
quarter is lower than it was in the previous 4 quarters as we cycle through the largest tranche of our 2018
dispositions during the third quarter. As a result, our reported revenue in the fourth quarter increased
1.3% to $4.14 billion when compared to Q4 of last year. I will discuss the components of the changes in
revenue in more detail later in my comments.

Turning back to Slide 1. Our operating profit for the quarter was $646.4 million, up 3.1% when compared
to Q4 of '18, while our operating margin of 15.6% represented a 30 basis point increase over last year's
fourth quarter. EBITDA for the quarter increased 2.5%, and Q4's EBITDA margin of 16.1% was up 20
basis points when compared to last year. The improvement in margins when compared to Q4 of last year
primarily resulted from the change in business mix we've experienced from the strategic disposition of
several noncore or underperforming agencies and our ongoing efforts to be more efficient throughout the
organization, particularly in the areas of real estate, back-office operations, IT and procurement.

Net interest expense for the quarter was $38.6 million, down $14.5 million versus Q4 of last year, largely
driven by the refinancing activity that took place in the third quarter of 2019, and down $10.7 million
compared to the third quarter of this year.

As a reminder, I'll recap the refinancing activity. In early July, we issued EUR 1 billion senior notes in 2
parts. We issued EUR 500 million of 8-year senior notes due in 2027 at an effective rate of 0.92% and
an additional EUR 500 million 12-year senior notes due in 2031 at an effective rate of 1.53%. Together,
the Euro note issuance, after deducting the underwriting discount and offering expenses, resulted in net
proceeds of $1.1 billion at an average rate of 1.23%. Proceeds were used to retire the $500 million of
6.25% 2019 senior notes, which came due in mid-July and to retire on August 1, $400 million of the
4.45% 2020 senior notes through a partial redemption. As a result of the refinancing activities, our
expected ongoing long-term debt portfolio will be comprised of $4 billion in dollar-denominated debt and
EUR 1 billion in euro-denominated debt.

In addition, with the drop in long-term interest rates, we settled our fixed-to-floating rate interest swaps
for a small gain. As a result, our debt portfolio is now 100% fixed rate debt at very attractive rates,
an effective rate of approximately 3.3%. And total third-party interest expense for the fourth quarter
decreased by $15.2 million when compared to Q4 of 2018.

In addition, interest income decreased $1.8 million period-over-period, with the reduction in interest
rates on our cash deposits over the past year more than offset the increase in our cash balances. When
compared to the third quarter of 2019, interest expense decreased $10.8 million, driven by the refinancing
activity in the third quarter, while interest income was flat.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

Note, gross interest expense in Q4 was approximately $7.6 million lower than in Q3 because Q3 included
incremental net interest expense recorded as a result of the early redemption of $400 million of the 2020
senior notes.

For the full year 2020, we expect net interest expense savings of approximately $20 million primarily from
the refinancing activity when compared to 2019's reported results. However, total interest expense for
2020 and going forward will be subject to changes due to the translation of interest expense into U.S.
dollars related to the euro notes that we issued in 2019.

Our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 26.1%, bringing the 2019 full year effective tax rate to
26%. As previously discussed, the annual rate for 2019 includes a benefit of approximately $11 million
resulting from the favorable settlement of uncertain tax positions in Q2 of 2019. Heading into 2020, we
expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 26.5% to 27% before considering the impact of the tax
effect from our share-based compensation, including the impact of any future stock option exercises, both
of which are subject to changes in the value of Omnicom's stock price.

Earnings from our affiliates were less than $1 million for the quarter, down versus Q4 of last year,
primarily due to lower earnings at our affiliates as well as the negative impact of FX. And the allocation of
earnings to the minority shareholders and our less-than-fully-owned subsidiaries was up $4.3 million to
$34.8 million during the quarter due to the strong performance from several of our less-than-fully-owned
agencies. As a result, net income for the fourth quarter was $415 million, up 4% or $15.8 million when
compared to Q4 of 2018.

Now turning to Slide 2. Our diluted share count for the quarter decreased 2.8% versus Q4 of last year to
219.3 million shares. As a result, our diluted EPS for the fourth quarter was $1.89, which is an increase of
$0.12 or 6.8% when compared to our Q4 EPS for last year.

Next, I'll provide a quick recap of the summary P&L, EPS and other information for the full year results.
As a reminder, in the third quarter of 2018, we closed on the disposition of Sellbytel as well as other
dispositions that resulted in a net pretax gain of $178 million. At the time, we also recorded charges of
$149 million for repositioning actions primarily resulting from severance and lease terminations. And
lastly, we recorded additional tax expense of approximately $29 million, resulting from adjustments of
the provisional amounts originally recorded in connection with the 2017 tax act. As we reported last year,
the net impact of these items on our full year 2018 results increased our reported operating profit by $29
million, net income by $18.2 million and diluted earnings per share by $0.08.

Therefore, on Slides 5 and 6, we presented the fiscal '19 results in comparison to 2018, both with and
without the impact of the net gain from dispositions, the repositioning charges and the tax adjustments
in connection with the tax act. The non-GAAP adjusted amounts for these items show how our underlying
business performed year-on-year on a comparable basis, which we believe is a meaningful presentation
for investors and is consistent with how management measured our 2019 operating performance.

Since the full year results for 2019 were in line with our quarterly performance, I will just give you a few
headlines. Organic revenue growth for the full year was 2.8%, which was in line with the upper range of
our expectations for the year of between 2% and 3%. FX translation decreased revenue by 2.1%, and the
net impact of acquisitions and dispositions reduced revenue by 2.9%. So for 2019, our reported revenue
totaled $14.95 billion, a decrease of 2.2% compared to 2018.

Our reported operating profit for 2019 was $2.12 billion, down slightly when compared to our reported
results last year, while operating margin improved 20 basis points year-over-year to 14.2% on a reported
basis and 40 basis points after adjusting 2018's operating income with a net gain from the dispositions
and repositioning actions we undertook during Q3 of 2018. And our full year reported diluted EPS for
2019 was $6.06 a share, up $0.23 or 3.9% compared to the reported amount of $5.83 a share in 2018.
Adjusting for the impact of 2018's net gain from the dispositions, repositioning actions and tax reform
activity, 2019's diluted EPS represents a $0.31 improvement or 5.4% over the 2018 non-GAAP adjusted
amount of $5.75 a share.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

Turning to the details of our revenue performance in the fourth quarter, starting on Slide 7, FX once again
was negative in the quarter, but not as negative as the impact we saw in the first 9 months of the year. FX
reduced revenue by 0.9% in the fourth quarter or $37 million. This impact remains fairly widespread. On
a reported basis, consistent with the year-over-year impact, dollar strengthened against practically every
one of our major foreign currencies. In the quarter, only the Japanese yen and Russian ruble strengthened
against the dollar.

The FX movements creating the largest reductions in the quarter continue to be from changes in the dollar
compared to the euro, the Chinese yuan, Brazilian real and the Australian dollar. As for our projection
of the FX impact for the upcoming year, any assumption on how foreign currency rates will move over
the next few months, let alone on the balance of 2020, at this point is speculative. But if currencies
stay where they currently are, based on our estimates, FX could reduce our reported revenues by
approximately 50 basis points in the first quarter and be slightly negative over the balance of 2020.

The impact of our recent acquisitions, net of dispositions, decreased revenue by $51 million in the quarter
or 1.2%. This is lower than earlier quarters as we cycled through much of our recent disposition activity
during the third quarter of 2019. Based on transactions completed to date, we estimate the impact of our
acquisition activity, net of dispositions, will be a net reduction of about 75 basis points in the first quarter
of 2020 and close to flat over the remaining 3 quarters of the year, resulting in a projected net negative
impact of 25 basis points for the year.

And finally, our organic growth for the quarter was 3.5%. Growth this quarter was fairly well distributed
and reflective of the positive effects of year-end client project spending. Geographically, our domestic, Asia
Pacific and European regions all had good performances. Within our service disciplines, our Advertising,
Media and CRM Consumer Experience agencies all experienced positive organic growth this quarter, while
our CRM Execution & Support and PR agency group once again lagged.

Slide 8 shows our mix of business by discipline. For the fourth quarter, the split was 58% for Advertising
and 42% for marketing services. As for their organic growth by discipline, our Advertising discipline was
up 5.1%. We saw solid performances from our global advertising agency networks and several of our
regional brands as well as solid performance at our Media businesses.

CRM Consumer Experience was up 3.3% organically, driven by continued strong growth from our precision
marketing agencies as well as from our events businesses outside the U.S. CRM Execution & Support
was down 6% this quarter across most of the service offerings and discipline. PR was down 2.5%. The
reduction is consistent with the performance of our PR discipline throughout earlier quarters in 2019.
Lastly, Healthcare was up double digits organically at 12.9%, and the growth continues to be well
distributed, both domestically and internationally.

On Slide 9, which details the regional mix of business, you can see during the quarter, the split was 52%
in the U.S., 3% for the rest of North America, 9% in the U.K., 19% for the rest of Europe, 11% for Asia
Pacific, 3% for Latin America and 3% for the Middle East and African markets.

Turning to the details of our performance by region on Slide 10. Organic revenue growth in the fourth
quarter in the U.S. was 2.8%, led by our CRM Consumer Experience, Healthcare and Advertising and
Media disciplines, with our CRM Execution & Support and PR agency group lagging. Outside the U.S., our
other North American agencies were down 2.3% due to the sluggish performances at our Advertising and
Media businesses.

Our U.K. agencies were once again positive, up 3.3%, driven by the strong performance of our
Advertising, PR, Healthcare and field marketing agencies. The rest of Europe was up 4.7% organically
in the quarter. In the Eurozone, we saw solid performance across most markets, the strongest being
Germany, Belgium, Portugal and Spain. The Netherlands was slightly positive in the quarter, while France
was once again negative, driven by continued weak performance in a few of our CRM Execution & Support
businesses in that market.

Organic growth outside the Eurozone also continues to be positive across most markets. Organic growth in
Asia Pacific for the quarter was 4.5%.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

Our Greater China agencies performed well this quarter after coming off a poor performance in Q3,
primarily driven by growth from our media and events agencies on the Mainland. However, we do not
expect this to continue in the first half of 2020 given the uncertainty in China.

Elsewhere in the region, we saw a somewhat mixed performance by market. Solid performance by our
agencies in Australia, South Korea and Thailand was partially offset by reductions in Japan and Singapore.
Latin America was down 1.3% organically in the quarter. Brazil once again returned to a negative organic
performance, as did Chile and Colombia, offsetting some growth in Mexico in the quarter. And lastly, the
Middle East and Africa, which is our smallest region, was positive for the quarter, with Qatar and the UAE
turning in strong performances.

Turning to Slide 11, we present our mix of revenue by our clients' industry sector. As we saw throughout
the year, when comparing the full year revenue for 2019 to 2018, there was a small shift in our mix. As a
result of the Sellbytel disposition, the mix of revenue from technology clients has been reduced.

Turning to our cash flow performance. On Slide 12, you can see that for the year, we generated $1.73
billion of free cash flow, excluding changes in working capital.

As for our primary uses of cash on Slide 13, dividends paid to our common shareholders were $564
million, up about $16 million year-over-year. As you recall, we increased our quarterly dividend by $0.05 a
share, effective with April's payment. The increase in the cash payment was partially offset by a reduction
in common shares over the past 12 months. Dividends paid to our noncontrolling interest shareholders
totaled $97 million, down versus the prior year due to a combination of dispositions and the repurchase of
shares from our minority shareholders.

Capital expenditures were $102 million year-to-date, down compared to 2018, primarily due to a
reduction in leasehold improvements from our real estate activities year-over-year. Acquisitions, including
earnout payments, totaled $124 million. As we've mentioned previously, this is a decrease when compared
to last year when we opportunistically executed on several acquisitions. And stock repurchases, net of the
proceeds received from stock issuances under our employee share plans, were $604 million. All in, we
generated $239 million in net free cash flow over the past year.

On Page 14, we present our capital structure as of year-end, which reflects the changes we discussed
earlier regarding the refinancing actions we took in the third quarter. Regarding our capital structure at the
end of the year, our total debt was $5.14 billion. And our net debt position as of December 31 was $835
million, down almost $400 million from this time last year. Year-on-year, the improvement in net debt
is primarily due to our positive free cash flow of $239 million and changes in operating capital of $125
million, which includes the year-over-year improvement of $45 million in our working capital management.

As for our debt ratios, they remain solid. Our total debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 2.2x, and our net debt-to-
EBITDA ratio was 0.4x. And our interest coverage is 10.4x, which has improved over the past year due to
the reduction in our interest expense.

And finally, on Slide 15, you can see we continue to manage and build the company through a combination
of well-focused internal development initiatives and prudently priced acquisitions. For the last 12 months,
our return on invested capital ratio was 29.5%, while our return on equity was 49.6%.

And that concludes our prepared remarks.
Please note that we've included several other supplemental slides in the presentation materials for your
review. But at this point, we are going to ask the operator to open the call for questions. Thank you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan.

Alexia Skouras Quadrani
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

My first question is really on more detail on the outlook for 2020, if you could give us a sense of how
we should be thinking about organic growth. And then the margin efficiencies that you had highlighted
that benefited Q4 -- actually the full year 2019, can they continue in 2020? How we should think about
profitability as well?

Philip J. Angelastro
Executive VP & CFO

I'll start, and then John can add his comments. I think for 2020, in terms of where we are of the planning
cycle for the year right now, our expectations are similar to what they were at this point in 2019. So
we see an organic growth range of 2% to 3% again for 2020. And with respect to margins, we're going
to continue to focus on growing EBIT dollars. That's been our focus all along. That's how we approach
planning and executing in our business, and it's been successful. We're always looking for opportunities
for improvement and efficiencies throughout the organization. We're particularly focused or have been in
the last 3 or 4 years in the areas of real estate and back-office and IT. We're going to continue to do that.
And at the same time, we're going to continue to invest for growth, especially in the areas of data and
analytics, training and some other initiatives as we always strive to find the right balance between those
investments and finding sustainable growth. So for 2020, at this point in our planning cycle, we expect
margins to approximate what they were in 2019. So flat right now, and we'll see how it goes as the year
evolves.

Alexia Skouras Quadrani
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And then, John, can I ask you a follow-up question? Is -- you touched on -- or maybe Phil touched on
China or Asia and the region in your opening remarks. I'm curious, I know it's not a huge market for you,
but how are the multinational sort of dealing with ad spending in China right now?

And then just a last question for Phil or John. On the CRM Execution business, which continues to be a
tough area for you, do you see more divestitures there or opportunity to sort of -- I guess, what's the --
how do we fix that business? Do we get out of some of the businesses? Or is it a question of sort of just
cyclical, and then it will come back?

John D. Wren
Chairman & CEO

First, Alexia, with respect to China, we are -- we, like most other people, are playing it day-to-day at
this point. Our primary focus is the safety of our employees. January, which we know the results were
fine, it wasn't until after that, that it just became a full-blown crisis. It depends on how long it goes on.
People have been working primarily from home and work goes on for most clients. Some of them are
even spending more because of the products that they sell into the marketplace. The one area for the
quarter anyway that I think will be affected will be our events business in China. Because several -- any
planned events have been canceled at this point, and we don't know if that will be done later in the year
or whatever. But as you said in your comments, China is an important market, but it's not a terribly large
market for us in our numbers.

And your second question?

Alexia Skouras Quadrani

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

On the CRM Execution, just a question if you can do more divestitures there? Or how was your outlook
really?

John D. Wren
Chairman & CEO

Do you want to do it or...

Philip J. Angelastro
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. I think we're going to continue to look at the entire portfolio as we go through our planning process
and all throughout the year to identify businesses that strategically may make sense for disposition. We've
been through -- we believe we've been through the bulk of that process as far as acquisitions of size,
but we're always open to reconsiderations. And there's a lot of change that's happened in our industry.
We expect that change to continue. We don't have any particular meaningful businesses targeted to
disposition at this point. And we think a bunch of the execution and support businesses that we have are
going to get back to being positive growth, maybe not high-growth businesses with good returns with
some exceptions. There are some that are still cycling through some of the issues that they faced in 2019.
But the part of the portfolio represents as a smaller part of our portfolio now than it was over the last
few years. And some of those businesses are really good businesses and have always been. They've been
overshadowed by some of the underperformers within that group or grouping. So I think you can expect
we're going to continue to work with the management teams to look for opportunities for growth and
improvement. And to the extent that we feel strategically we're not going to continue to invest in them
and they're not -- and they are opportunities for good returns for disposition, we may continue to consider
going down that route, too.

Operator

Our next question then will come from the line of Craig Huber from Huber Research Partners.

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

I've got a few questions. Can you just size for us, if you would, the China revenues for last year? What
percent of revenues that was? And what was the organic revenue there? We get that question a lot.

Philip J. Angelastro
Executive VP & CFO

The size of China for us is it's probably a little bit less than 1.5% of our revenues. And I think given that
size, we typically don't disclose every country-by-country organic revenue growth percentage. But if you
give me a minute, I'll just double-check it. So for the year, China's organic growth was negative. So I think
-- in the mid-single digits in 2019.

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

My next question, John, I guess, you have various conversations you've had with your larger customers,
particularly here in the U.S. I'm just curious how the tone of business is with them. And as you sort of
think about the U.S. economy, what's your sort of sense of that? Is it holding you back? Is it helping you?
And the same questions for Continental Europe as well. What's your sense of the economy in both places,
please?

John D. Wren
Chairman & CEO

Sure. Most of the conversations we've had -- I've had with clients in the U.S., the U.S. economy continues
to be strong, and clients are trying to take advantage of the growth that they see in the marketplace.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

Obviously, with the election coming up, there is some cautiousness did goes along with that. But for the
most part, it states a net positive. Once you get into Europe, it -- the market -- it changes market by
market. The real behind-the-scenes conversations about Brexit are -- is uncertainty, not so much for
2020, but post-2020, as businesses decide where they have to be positioned and what needs to get done.
France is -- the market's okay. We've suffered an individual loss in some of our execution businesses,
which affect our numbers, but the market's okay. In Germany, Germany is a question mark at this point.
Not a negative, but a question mark, especially since, I think it was last night, the expected success that
Angela Merkel decided she would not be running for that position. So we don't have any better information
at the moment. Russia continues to be a strong performing market for us. And I don't know if that covers
most of the things you want me to cover.

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

No, I appreciate that. Every year in the fourth quarter, you tend to have some variability around your
project-related work, obviously, here in the fourth quarter. Can you maybe size that for us? How did -- in
terms of dollars, maybe how you want to do it in the fourth quarter this year versus last year, please?

Philip J. Angelastro
Executive VP & CFO

I think we typically see, as we head into the fourth quarter, there's somewhere around $200 million or
$250 million of project work that is typically available for our agencies to achieve. And our agencies do
typically achieve something in that range. Some years, it's a little bit lower, some years they actually do a
little bit better. And there's a whole variety of factors. And it's not just -- when we speak about that in the
fourth quarter, it's not just our project-based businesses alone that are actively pursuing year-end project
opportunities with their clients. So I think this year was probably similar to or maybe a little bit better
than last year's fourth quarter. And I think if you go back to '18, it probably wasn't as good a performance,
where there wasn't as much of it that we were able to convert in that fourth quarter. But that's the typical
range that we see. It's hard to actually put your finger on every dollar and whether where -- what exactly
the client situation was that led to us being able to capture those dollars. So that's traditionally what we
found, and it's been pretty consistent over the years.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Dan Salmon from BMO Capital Markets.

Daniel Salmon
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

John, I was hoping you could comment on the recent news about Accenture reportedly closing their media
auditing division. You commented, I think, on that specific issue on prior calls, and I'd love to hear an
update on that specifically. But really, more importantly, I'd love to hear just your broader thoughts,
particularly as you enter 2020, about the competitive environment and particularly with that group.

And then just you mentioned all the sort of success of the Healthcare division, and the numbers are clearly
robust there. I hate to ask about one of the markets that are seeing challenges, but I'd just love to hear
an update on the PR division. In particular, just we know that that's a business where it might have lagged
in adopting technology within marketing traditionally, but where it does appear to be really picking up.
And I'm wondering how you see the role of technology in helping bring that division back to growth going
forward this year.

John D. Wren
Chairman & CEO

Well, first, on Accenture, I did comment. I forget when it was, back a while ago, that some of their
ambitions and the fact they're still in the media auditing business was inconsistent. And I'm just happy
to see that they got out of the business. And we'll continue to compete with them where we see them,
although we haven't run into them very often on major pitches.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

Your second question was about Healthcare. And could you just reframe it for me for a second?

Daniel Salmon
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Rather you emphasized the strength in Healthcare. What I was hoping to just hear a little bit more about
was the PR division and how you aim to get it back to growth? And in particular, the role of technology and
whether you're seeing that become more significant within those businesses?

John D. Wren
Chairman & CEO

Sure. Well, I think the utilization of Omni, and especially Q, which I mentioned in my remarks, will benefit
PR business in some of their assignments. The other activity that's going on -- now let me frame it. Even
though we've had some difficulty with a couple of percentage points loss here and there, the profitability
of the PR division has been and remains very strong. So the opportunity's a marketplace opportunity, it's
not anything structurally to do with the business at this point. And we're continuing to go through and
evaluate. Recently, John Doolittle took over for Karen van Bergen as the head of that practice area. And
we're sitting down and taking another hard look at where we get our revenue, what we can expect in the
future and what changes we want to make to the business. So it's an opportunity from my perspective.
It's not really a problem. It's just constantly running 1% or 2% below the prior year. And technology will
help that as well. Q especially, which has just been -- it's been in development for over 5 years, but it's
just been added to the Omni offering, I believe will particularly help the PR business in some of the things
that they're doing.

Operator

Our next question then will come from the line of Julien Roch from Barclays.

Julien Roch
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Coming back on China quickly. You said it was less than 1.5% of revenue, and that so far the only impacts
were your events business because no event was taking place in China. How much is events either out of
the Chinese revenue or out of the 1.5%? That's my first question.

The second one is, could you give us some color on the organic growth of your media practice in full year
'19? You said it was solid. It's one of your largest practice, and it's been the growth engine of agency in
the last few years. So organic would be great. And if you don't want to give a precise number, maybe a
range, I don't know, 2.5% to 5% or 5% to 7.5%?

And then last question is on the number of shares. It was flat in Q4. Well, it usually goes down by about 1-
plus million a quarter. So what happened in terms of number of shares in Q4?

John D. Wren
Chairman & CEO

I'll let Phil answer some of these. Are you applying for a job? Because some of the detailed questions
are probably questions a few employees that actually look at it. We're not in the business of segregating
our businesses in a particular market. We haven't done in the past. But our events business -- our main
business is Media, Advertising, Public Relations in that market. Events add something to it, but I'm not
going to get into the dissection of that for disclosure. So I apologize for that. But what was the second?
The -- go ahead.

Julien Roch
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

And then -- no. I mean, if you knew that, I just wanted to have an idea of the growth of media in 2019?

Philip J. Angelastro
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

I think overall, it wasn't disproportionately higher or lower than our overall growth rate. I think if you go
through the numbers we've been through on the call, you can see Media, Advertising and Healthcare grew
better than the overall portfolio. And some of the overall portfolio, namely PR, CRM Execution & Support,
in particular, either didn't grow. So by that, you can include the 3 that did grow or the primary drivers of
our growth grew at a little bit higher rate than our overall average rate for the quarter and the year. And
I think each of those businesses had a good year and did well and drove our growth overall. But as far as
the specific percentages, I think we provide quite a bit of information to give you a good sense of that. But
I don't think there's any dramatic -- anything dramatically different about that part of our portfolio. And
some of our media businesses actually in like markets such as Brazil and some others are integrated into
the advertising businesses. They aren't stand-alone media businesses, so it's hard to pull out exactly how
much of the growth in those markets came from stand-alone media versus advertising because they were
integrated.

And as far as shares go in the fourth quarter, I'm not quite sure I follow in detail your observation, but
we can go through that after the call. I think, certainly, we bought back through share repurchases a little
bit more in the fourth quarter this year than we did in the prior year. And maybe what you're seeing has
something to do with just the way the year-end averages get compiled, and we haven't seen the effect
just yet.

Julien Roch
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Is that just the timing? Because you had 219.3 million diluted number of shares in Q4, and you had 219.4
million in Q3. So it's just the timing of the average then?

Philip J. Angelastro
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, yes. You kind of -- you'll see, I think, more of that or an acceleration of that effect when you get into
2021 as the averages start over.

I think given when the market's so going to open, we probably have time for one more call -- one more
question.

Operator

Our final question then will come from Adrien de Saint Hilaire from BofA.

Adrien de Saint Hilaire
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Might be quick. I'll try and be quick. So first of all, on the Chinese points, you said it was down mid-single
digits. I'm just curious if you have any explanation why it is indeed down mid-single digits in an economy,
which is still growing 5% to 6%.

Second question is on your expectations around the phasing out of cookies at Google, do you think that's
bad news in the short term, good news in the long run or maybe the other way around? Or is that good
news in all cases?

And then lastly, about your performance in the Middle East, should we expect some carryover into the first
half of 2020 as well?

Philip J. Angelastro
Executive VP & CFO

I'll take the China question. So I think our growth this year in China was largely due to some performance
challenges. I think we lost a couple of clients. And frankly, as a portfolio, our agencies -- with some
exceptions, but our agencies didn't perform as well as they did the year before, frankly. I think the current
situation is -- presents a very different set of challenges. So until we get some more clarity until the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

situation resolves itself, I think our expectations are similar to everybody else's. There is just a little bit
too much uncertainty to have a clearer picture as to how it's going to roll out in China.

And in the Middle East, I think we've got some good businesses that we expect to continue to grow. But as
an overall percentage of Omnicom's portfolio and Omnicom's growth, we don't expect that to be significant
or meaningful. But it's been a nice part of our portfolio. And we've got some nice businesses over there
that have been doing well, and we certainly expect them to continue to do well.

John D. Wren
Chairman & CEO

With respect to your first question, regarding cookies, honestly, we've been expecting this for some time
now. This is not new news to us. It will make targeting a little bit more challenging than it was in the past,
and it certainly will make Google stronger. But in anticipation of it, that's why we've worked so diligently
on the creation of Omni and the enhancements that we've made to it. In the future, it's not just going to
be the data, it also has a lot to do with the execution, what you actually do with that data and how you
process it. Clients, other people have other sources, which we can get access to for first-party data, which
can be used to accomplish many of the objectives that were made a little bit easier with cookies.

Adrien de Saint Hilaire
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So you don't expect any impact on your media activities, just to be clear from that news?

John D. Wren
Chairman & CEO

Very minor. But I expect, because we've been adjusting, and we've been anticipating this for some
period of time. There'll be changes to everything. What happens today will be different to what happens
tomorrow. But we're not threatened by it, and it makes us more valuable.

Philip J. Angelastro
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think the more complexity there is in the marketplace, the more clients need our expertise and need
us to help them solve some of the challenges that this creates for them, not just for us.

Thank you, everybody, for taking the call and for joining us. And have a good rest of the day.

John D. Wren
Chairman & CEO

Thank you.

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your
participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference, you may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

OMNICOM GROUP INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 11, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

