Organon & Co. NYSE:OGN
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 11, 2021 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.44

1.67

Revenue  (mm)

1585.30

1600.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-20-2021 5:17 AM GMT

15.97

0.93

1.39

6.20

5.96

1605.66

6286.72

6345.47

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.57

1.43

1.44

1.56

1.72

1.67

(0.64 %)

20.28 %

15.97 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
ORGANON & CO. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Jennifer Halchak
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

Matthew M. Walsh
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Chen Yuan Yang
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Christopher Thomas Schott
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David A. Amsellem
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Gregory Daniel Fraser
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Navann Ty
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Stephen Michael Scala
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Unknown Analyst

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

ORGANON & CO. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the
Organon Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call
is being recorded. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Jennifer Halchak, Vice President,
Investor Relations. Please begin your conference.

Jennifer Halchak
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Polly. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call.
With me today are Kevin Ali, Organon's Chief Executive Officer, who will cover strategy and operational
highlights; and Matt Walsh, our Chief Financial Officer, who will review performance, guidance and capital
allocation.

Today, we'll be referencing a presentation that will be visible during this call for those of you on our
webcast. This presentation will also be available following this call on the Events and Presentations section
of our Organon Investor Relations website at organon.com.

Before we begin, I would like to caution listeners that certain information discussed by management
during this conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially
from those stated or implied by forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with
the company's business, which are discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, including our Form 10 registration statement and subsequent periodic filings.

In addition, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures on this call, which should be considered
a supplement to, and not a substitute for, financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. A
reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP measures is included in the press
release and conference call presentation. I'd now like to turn the call over to our CEO, Kevin Ali.

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

Good morning, everyone, and thank you, Jen. Welcome to today's call where we will talk about our first
full quarter as a stand-alone company. Also, as today is Veterans Day in the U.S. and Remembrance
Day in other parts of the world, we would like to thank all of those who have served, especially our own
employee veterans.

Let me start by saying I continue to be inspired by the commitment of our employees across the world.
They are unified in the dedication to our vision, creating a better and healthier every day for every
woman. Already, less than 6 months after spinning into an independent company, we are delivering on
our corporate and financial goals. Our year-to-date results have shaped up very much in line with our
expectations with third quarter revenues of $1.6 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $636 million. And with
about 7 weeks left in 2021, we have good visibility into the performance of each of our key 3 franchises
for the remainder of the year. Accordingly, we affirmed our guidance and narrowed the ranges for revenue
and adjusted EBITDA margin for full year 2021, which Matt will discuss with all of you shortly.

Importantly, we have been active on the business development front, as we told you we would be. We
have executed 3 transactions in the last 6 months. This underscores our stated commitment to deliver
health care interventions that address unmet and undermet needs in women's health. We're partnering
with or acquiring companies to advance true innovation, something that has been woefully lacking in the
area of women's health.

Today, we announced our proposed acquisition of Forendo, a clinical stage drug development company
focused on novel treatments in women's health. This acquisition brings a pipeline of candidates, including
a lead candidate for endometriosis and a secondary candidate in polycystic ovary syndrome, or PCOS.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

ORGANON & CO. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

Endometriosis is a high priority unmet need for us. It affects up to 170 million patients or up to 10%
of all women of reproductive age. The current therapies and development candidates target the pain
associated with endometriosis but do not address disease progression. Existing treatments also often lead
to systemic estrogen depletion, which impacts bone mineral density and triggers menopausal symptoms.
Such treatments are, therefore, unsuitable beyond short-term use in premenopausal women.

Completing the acquisition of Forendo will be another step in building our end-to-end women's health
portfolio. It joins our other recent additions, including Alydia Health and its JADA System, which Organon
acquired in June of this year. The JADA System is aimed at controlling abnormal postpartum bleeding
or hemorrhage, one of the most common complications of birth impacting up to 10% of mothers and
potentially resulting in emergency interventions such as hysterectomy and blood transfusions.

In July, we also announced the licensing of the global development manufacturing and commercial rights
to an investigational agent, ebopiprant from ObsEva. Ebopiprant is currently being studied as a first-in-
class innovation for the treatment of preterm labor, which impacts an estimated 15 million babies or about
11% of all babies born globally. These acquisitions are tightly aligned with our goal to be the leader in
women's health by addressing the significant unmet needs of women. We have quickly expanded beyond
contraception and fertility, where we are well established and already hold leading market share positions.

I want to turn my attention to fertility, where we saw revenue growth of approximately 30% year-to-
date x FX. We don't believe the opportunity for the products in our fertility portfolio, Follistim, Orgalutran
and Elonva are always well understood. These products are used in the patient-friendly GnRH antagonist
protocol, which requires few injections and is favored in conjunction with egg and embryo freezing.
Globally infertility rates are increasing. We have seen the average age for giving birth to a first child
increase from 20 years -- 21 years old in 1970 to 29 years old today. About 15% of couples worldwide
experience infertility, impacting almost 190 million people. These figures are impacted by

women proactively choosing to delay parenthood until an optimal time due to advances in modern fertility
protocols and egg and embryo freezing technology.

Governments are recognizing fertility rates are not just a personal family planning issue but also have
an impact on GDP. In 100 countries, birth rates are now below 2.1, the level needed to maintain the
population. Low birth rates are a growing threat to some very large economies such as China, the U.S.
and Japan, triggering public sector responses that serve as structural tailwinds for fertility treatment.
Recently, China introduced the 3-child policy. Next year, Japan will introduce reimbursement for IVF
treatments, and the French, Swiss and Spanish governments recently passed bills allowing egg freezing
and IVF treatments for same-sex couples.

These recent changes are just the beginning of providing equal access to reproductive assistance.
Government interest in increasing fertility rates and changing laws on access to reproductive assistance
makes us optimistic for the growing prospects of our fertility portfolio.

Let's talk now about contraception and NEXPLANON, the #2 contraceptive worldwide by revenue.
We believe NEXPLANON, a LARC, or long-acting reversible contraceptive, has blockbuster potential.
Historically, there has been a sustained shift in the hormonal contraception market away from the daily
combined oral contraceptive segment towards LARCs. LARCs are highly efficacious and considered to be
one of the most effective forms of hormonal contraception.

Implanon or Implanon NXT, as it's known in some markets, is differentiated even within the large
segment. It is the only single rod subdermal long-acting reversible contraceptive comprised of a
progesterone-only rod inserted in a woman's upper arm. Average insertion time takes about a minute.

Historically, NEXPLANON sales have been highly correlated with well visits, and logically, the pandemic
dampened our ability to reach health care providers and patients, especially in the U.S. However, as the
pandemic is slowly receding, we are seeing improvements in recent weeks. Additionally, since NEXPLANON
has been in our hands, we have been aggressively working to modernizing the brand's marketing and
our operating model. This has included a direct-to-consumer education campaign in television and social
media with digital campaigns to drive traffic to our revamped websites, where patients can find healthcare

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

ORGANON & CO. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

professionals by zip code trained in NEXPLANON insertion. This was complemented by targeted bespoke
campaigns aimed at specific patient segments.

Additionally, our clinical training programs ramped up quickly once providers' offices reopened. We trained
over 7,500 healthcare professionals in the third quarter alone, which is above our pre-pandemic baseline
levels, and we trade over 6,000 healthcare professionals in Q2. This is a steep ramp -- a ramp-up from
the 2,000 that were trained in Q1. And we believe it's contributing to increasing demand, and we are very
encouraged by the results of these programs, especially given we're less than 6 months into this journey.
We continue to feel very positive about NEXPLANON path, particularly now midway through the fourth
quarter.

Now let's talk about biosimilars, which has grown 30% year-to-date and where we are well positioned
with our commercial strategy. In the U.S., our 2 offerings are: RENFLEXIS, or infliximab biosimilar;
and ONTRUZANT, our trastuzumab biosimilar. The infliximab market continues to grow every year, and
RENFLEXIS has benefited from that tailwind with sales still growing even 4 years after launch. The
trastuzumab market has some of the highest adoption rates, about 70% among biosimilars, and the
uptake of ONTRUZANT in the U.S. continues to show unit growth since its launch last year.

Outside the U.S., our recent launches of HADLIMA in Australia and Canada have been performing
exceptionally well. We also continue to evaluate other potential pipeline opportunities with Samsung as
well as other developers as we pursue the potential opportunity to present it by the estimated $100 billion
plus of blockbuster biologics going off-patent over the next decade.

As we now turn our attention to Established Brands, I'll repeat what I said last quarter. Part of the
strategic timing of our spend is that 2021 is an inflection year. It is the last year during which the portfolio
is subject to significant new LOE risk. Beyond 2021, the impact from the LOE decreases significantly.

This portfolio of 49 products is comprised of brands with significant customer loyalty that tend to respond
well to promotion. For example, in China, our retail business now representing almost 50% of our China
Established Brands revenue continues to grow strong double digits because of brand loyalty, offsetting the
impact of the volume-based procurement program, or VBP and positioning Organon for sustainable growth
in China post VBP.

Importantly, we are taking a very entrepreneurial view of this portfolio and have uncovered a number of
accretive opportunities within our existing portfolio. For example, we anticipate taking Nasonex OTC in
Russia, with that launch planned for early next year.

All 3 franchises are global businesses, as you will see on Slide 7. There are several areas I want to
highlight about our business geographically. The decline in Asia Pacific is primarily related to Zetia's loss
of exclusivity in Japan. In the U.S., the LOE from NuvaRing as well as NEXPLANON performance through
the pandemic were factors. However, importantly, we continue to grow in China despite 4 of our products
being included in the volume-based procurement process in the fourth quarter of last year.

Revenue from China is up 4% Ex FX this quarter driven by the respiratory market recovering from the
COVID impact in 2020, the favorable positioning of our fertility portfolio and continued contribution from
the retail channel. Overall we are very encouraged by our performance in this very important market. Now
I'd like to turn it over to Matt to discuss our third quarter performance in more detail.

Matthew M. Walsh
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Kevin. Before we dive into the specifics of our financial performance, let's start briefly with
data on presentation and make sure we align on exactly what numbers we're looking at, where we have
apples-to-apples comparability and where we may have something less than that. On the plus side, our
third quarter results marked the first time that Organon is reporting an entire quarter of standalone
result. As I discussed in last quarter's call, our results prior to the June 2 spin-off date are presented
on the carve-out basis of accounting. Carve-out accounting is a GAAP convention which has a lot of
positives. However, it's not intended to present results as if Organon were a stand-alone company. So I
want to be clear as we discuss results for this quarter and for the next 3 quarters that any comparisons

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

ORGANON & CO. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

to prior year periods will be somewhat apples-to-oranges and that we'll be comparing Organon's stand-
alone performance to pre-spin carve-out basis of the county. With that said, where we'll have the
best comparability is at the revenue line. So I'll be focusing attention at the top line as we discuss our
performance.

So turning to Slide 8. Revenue for the third quarter was $1.6 billion down 1% as reported and down
about 3% at constant currency exchange rates when compared to the third quarter of last year. In this
graphic, we break out the change in revenue according to key drivers, and I'll highlight some of the more
significant impacts. The impact of loss of exclusivity, or LOE, during the third quarter compared to the
third quarter of last year is approximately $70 million, and it's primarily related to the LOE of Zetia in
Japan and NuvaRing LOE in the United States.

Continuing to read across the waterfall chart, the Established Brands portfolio has exposure to VBP in
China. The total impact to sales for the third quarter compared to the third quarter of last year was
approximately $60 million and was associated with the third round of VBP, the largest round so far, which
occurred in the fourth quarter of 2020 and that included 4 of Organon's products: SINGULAIR pediatrics,
PROSCAR, PROPECIA and Arcoxia.

In the third quarter of 2021, the negative impact of COVID-19 was estimated to be approximately $100
million, which is about $20 million above Q3 of last year. Our product portfolio is comprised of physician
prescribed products, which have been impacted by the shortage of qualified personnel, social distancing
measures and delayed medical visits.

In the third quarter, we continued to see lingering effects from COVID as compared to the year ago
quarter, including, as Kevin just mentioned, a slower return of well visits, which particularly impacts
NEXPLANON. We continue to observe restrictive measures, which vary by country and region. So we
expect to see some further lingering negative impacts from COVID persisting into the fourth quarter,
although we believe we're starting to see encouraging trend development in U.S. NEXPLANON early in the
fourth quarter, which could be pointing to stronger sequential performance in Q4 versus Q3.

Foreign exchange translation had about 200 basis points of favorability for the quarter. Year-to-date, that
impact is more pronounced at about 350 basis points, which is not really surprising given the impact of
COVID-19 on global currency markets in the prior year period and also understanding that about 75% of
our revenue is derived outside the United States. And finally, on the plus side, we saw a volume growth in
Q3 mainly driven by growth in China, in U.S. biosimilars and in Europe with Established Brands.

So now let's take a look at performance by franchise, and we'll start with women's health on Slide 9. Our
women's health business was down 10% as reported and 11% in constant currency in the third quarter
versus the prior year. NEXPLANON declined 8% Ex FX in the quarter. As Kevin mentioned, well visits are
not yet back to pre-pandemic levels in the U.S., and NEXPLANON sales are largely tied to that metric.

So we know the question on investors' minds is, can NEXPLANON have a $200 million revenue quarter in
Q4. And while we don't provide specific guidance by product, this question is important enough to address
and provide you at least a directional answer. And based on current visibility into the data that we're
looking at, we do see fourth quarter as being favorable for U.S. and NEXPLANON.

There's 3 reasons why. Reason number one goes back to the quarter just completed. Third quarter
negative growth should be considered in the context of Q3 2020 being a tough comp from the standpoint
that, in September of last year, even though we were in the pandemic, we saw a short-lived resurgence in
patient well visits that positively impacted third quarter 2020 NEXPLANON sales. There has been volatility
in the trend of patient OB/GYN well visits over the last year. But for the third quarter of last year, those
visits were almost back to a pre-COVID baseline and Q3 2020 NEXPLANON sales were the highest since
the start of the pandemic. So the message here is that the third quarter of 2020 was a tough comp for
NEXPLANON.

Second reason goes to phasing of revenues within this year. There was a tender that we were expecting
in the third quarter in Mexico that was delayed and has now become signed business for us in the fourth
quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

ORGANON & CO. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

Third and final reason goes back to what Kevin said about our next NEXPLANON DTC campaign in the
United States, which began running this summer. It's starting to show results now as well as other new
digital campaigns that are raising brand awareness for NEXPLANON and driving sizable increases in our
website traffic by potential new users.

Beyond NEXPLANON, also pressuring women's health this quarter was the continuing and expected decline
in NuvaRing down 17% Ex FX in the quarter, relates to increased generic penetration as a result of the
product's LOE in 2018 in the U.S. On a positive note, our fertility portfolio continues to show strength.
FOLLISTIM grew 18% Ex FX in the quarter. Volume growth came from an increase in demand from new
accounts as well as from patients returning to clinics. And our observation has been that patients seeking
fertility treatments are more motivated to return to doctors' offices than those patients seeking normal
course OB/GYN well visits.

Turning to biosimilars on Slide 10. Biosimilars grew 41% as reported in the third quarter and 39% Ex
FX. We have 5 assets in the portfolio, 3 in Immunology and 2 in Oncology. RENFLEXIS and ONTRUZANT
are our 2 largest offerings, and both are offered in the U.S. Globally, RENFLEXIS grew 43% Ex FX in the
quarter, driven by strong performance in the U.S. And ONTRUZANT, which was launched in the U.S. in July
of last year, was up 47%. The biosimilars business outside the U.S., which represents about half of our
total biosimilars revenue, is tender-driven and, therefore, it's more price sensitive. And timing of tenders
can also make this business somewhat lumpy, and we benefited from that in the third quarter. So while
we are coming off 2 quarters of about 40% year-on-year revenue growth in biosimilars, we see some
moderation of that growth rate for the remainder of 2021, resulting in solid double-digit revenue growth
year-on-year.

I now turn to Established Brands on Slide 11. Revenue for Established Brands was down 6% as reported
and 8% Ex FX in the third quarter of 2021. Excluding the impacts of LOE, revenue was down 4% Ex FX.
Volumes were up incrementally mainly driven by COVID rebound, although not as strong as it was in
Q2, as well as growth in China retail. Price was down about 5% across the Established Brands portfolio.
And given that this is a portfolio of medicines that, for the most part, are well beyond their LOEs, it may
be counterintuitive to investors to hear that, in the third quarter, more than 50% Of Established Brands'
revenue came from products for which volumes grew. These brands are well known. They respond to
promotion, and we're actively managing life cycle opportunities across the portfolio. These factors support
our May Investor Day discussion that we expect erosion in this portfolio to be in the low single-digit area
Ex LOE over the intermediate term.

China. China is an important market for Established Brands. And part of our strategy in this market has
been to drive volumes into the retail channel versus our historical presence in the hospital channel, and
this effort continues to be successful. The retail channel in China grew 20% in the third quarter versus
prior year and now represents almost 50% of Established Brands revenue in China, up from approximately
35% a year ago.

Now turning to our income statement on Slide 12. Our GAAP income statement for Q3 and year-to-date
are available in our earnings release, and I encourage investors to look at that important information.

Here on Slide 12, we'll be looking at our non-GAAP income statement for these same time periods. For
gross margins, we're excluding purchase accounting amortization and onetime items related to the spin-
off from cost of goods sold. So making these straightforward adjustments in the third quarter of 2021,
non-GAAP adjusted gross profit was $1 billion, representing gross margin of 64.9% compared with
68.6% in the third quarter of 2020. The decline reflects costs associated with standing up Organon as
an independent company, including certain costs related to manufacturing agreements between Organon
and Merck, which have lower gross margin percentages compared to product sales. Those manufacturing
agreements had an approximate 180 basis point negative impact to gross margins in the third quarter.

Also included in cost of goods sold this quarter was a $24 million onetime cost related to estimated losses
associated with the vendor supply contract conveyed as part of the spin, which had a 160 basis point
negative impact to gross margins. There were some spin-related accounting items that partially offset this
unfavorability but this quarter's gross margin is a good example actually of where we had apples-and-
oranges comparability issues with prior year comparisons and why our 2021 guidance becomes a much

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

ORGANON & CO. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

more useful yardstick for investors. That said, our gross margin for the third quarter was squarely aligned
with the guidance that we've communicated in the low- to mid-60% range.

Adjusted EBITDA margins were 39.8% in the third quarter, which brings year-to-date margins to 38.9%.
We had told you last quarter that we expected second half EBITDA margins to be lower than the first half.
The reason why our EBITDA margins are running stronger than we forecasted is driven by lower operating
expenses, and this is mainly timing related. We're onboarding our stand-alone operating expenses a bit
more slowly than we thought in headcount costs, as well as promotional spending in certain markets.

And if you're doing back-of-the-envelope math, you'd likely draw the conclusion that Q4 adjusted
EBITDA margin would have to be markedly lower than year-to-date for us to finish within the EBITDA
margin guidance range that we'll be discussing shortly. So we do expect operating expenses to increase
sequentially in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter as the pace of onboarding some of these
expenses speeds up going into year-end.

Given the strong EBITDA performance in Q3, we did consider raising the adjusted EBITDA margin
guidance range for the full year but it would have been by a relatively small amount. So instead, we
elected to just narrow the range and communicate to you a high and improved level of confidence in the
guidance that we are affirming.

A few words on debt capitalization on Slide 13. At September 30, our bank debt was $9.3 billion against
cash and cash equivalents of $1 billion. Now embedded in that cash balance is approximately $320 million
that is earmarked for finished goods inventory purchases from our former parent that's really related to
the spin-off transaction. So a more representative net debt number as of September 30 is closer to $8.6
billion. If we use the implied midpoint of our 2021 EBITDA guidance just for illustrative purposes, that
would put our pro forma net leverage at about 3.7x, which is a modest improvement in leverage ratio
compared sequentially to last quarter.

And one more item here, our imputed cash flow for the third quarter is a good indicator that we are
meeting our pre-spin forecasting and is representative of the cash-generating power of this business. Our
capital allocation priorities remain consistent with what we laid out in our pre-spin-off communications,
and we are reiterating them today.

Now that our Board has established a dividend, the dividend becomes our first priority. We're targeting
the dividend at a low 20s percentage of free cash flow excluding onetime costs of the separation, a level
of which we believe is very manageable. Our second priority will be organic growth. and that would
include life cycle management opportunities for existing products within our portfolio, supported by capital
deployed in our manufacturing plants. And on the latter, we expect to see annual CapEx in the range of
3% to 4% of revenue on an ongoing basis, once again, excluding separation costs.

Our third priority for capital allocation is really a tie. It's a tie between, a, execution of external growth
plans to develop a pipeline of new product opportunities like you've seen us announce already, Alydia
Health and the JADA System, investigation of ebopiprant for preterm labor and now Forendo targeting
endometriosis. We'll balance that against, b, debt reduction and our commitment to maintaining our BB/
Ba2 parent rating. We are targeting a long-term leverage ratio below 3.5x net debt to adjusted EBITDA.

Turning to guidance on Slide 14. Consistent with previous communications, this guidance is all non-GAAP
and pro forma and just the spinoff happened on January 1 of this year. Beginning with revenue, this is a
chart we showed at Investor Day, and changes since then have really been at the margin. Based on where
we are in the year, we're narrowing our full year 2021 revenue range from $6.1 billion to $6.4 billion to
$6.2 billion to $6.3 billion. This revenue is essentially all organic. We do include a de minimis partial year
revenue contribution from the acquisition of Alydia Health.

The biggest component to the year-over-year change in revenue is the expected LOE impacts. Impacts
from LOE were approximately $280 million year-to-date and primarily related to the loss of patent
protection for Zetia in Japan and NuvaRing in the U.S. We continue to expect a full year LOE impact
of approximately $300 million to $400 million. As we've been careful to describe previously, 2021 is

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

ORGANON & CO. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

an inflection year for Organon as regards LOE impacts. After 2021, our LOE exposure dissipates to
approximately $300 million cumulatively over the next 4 years combined, 2022 through year-end 2025.

We now think our VBP exposure in China for the year will be on the low end of the $200 million to $300
million range we previously communicated. Year-to-date exposure has been about $150 million and we
have a fairly good understanding of what will be included in the next rounds of VBP, which is likely to
include Ezetrol, Hyzaar and Nasonex.

Now COVID is something that we're obviously watching very closely. We updated our view on COVID
impact last quarter to expect that our total year impact from COVID in 2021 would be about even with
what we experienced in 2020, which was about $400 million. Year-to-date 2021 impact from COVID was
$320 million. And given the recent trends that we've seen in NEXPLANON prescriptions, which is the
product where we see the most lingering COVID impact, we are comfortable with that implied estimate of
about $80 million of COVID impact in the fourth quarter.

On a yearly basis, we expect foreign exchange translation to be a modest tailwind based on year-to-date
currency performance and where spot rates are currently. And finally, for performance, we've tweaked this
bucket down in here, and this is mostly tied to my earlier commentary on biosimilars and the lumpiness of
tenders quarter-to-quarter.

Taken as a whole, year-to-date revenue performance is largely to be expected despite the uncertainties
introduced by COVID. The key themes that we've been talking about in our public communications
prior to spin-off and since the spin-off remains very much intact, and those are: LOE issues that are
waiting; women's health, especially fertility; and biosimilars that are delivering growth; and China, that's
performing very well despite VBP headwinds.

Turning to other guidance metrics on Slide 15. The message here is that for all the items shown, we're
affirming prior guidance for most metrics. And for revenue and adjusted EBITDA, we're simply narrowing
the ranges in light of where we are in the fiscal year.

Reiterating the point I made earlier, during 2021, we've onboarded operating expenses more deliberately
than we had forecasted. We're not yet at our run rate for SG&A expense as an independent company. We
know R&D expense will be increasing in 2022 and beyond as we add pipeline assets. And I say this more
as we start to look forward to next fiscal year, and we will provide quantitative guidance for 2022 when we
report our full year 2021 results in February.

Wrapping up the financial discussion, the franchises are progressing as we had expected. And given our
outlook for 2021, we continue to believe that we're well positioned for future organic revenue growth
in the low to mid-single digits on a constant currency basis. This will be driven by stabilization in the
Established Brands portfolio and continued growth in both women's health and biosimilars, each of which
has the potential to grow at low double-digit CAGRs in the intermediate term. At this point, I'll turn the
call back to Kevin for closing remarks.

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

Thank you, Matt. Again, we are very pleased with how our year has been taking shape. Organon is very
well diversified geographically and therapeutically. Our mix of business is uniquely aligned to our future
vision. Additionally, timing is in our favor as we move out from the negative impacts of the LOEs and can
focus on building out our vision. Further, as the pandemic starts to recede, we have doubled down on our
operational investments behind NEXPLANON in the U.S. to ensure that we meet her where she is.

And we have started to see very positive impact of those investments in the first weeks of the fourth
quarter. We've been very disciplined in our business development plans and have action on 3 attractive
assets; 2 of them are earlier stage products with significant downstream opportunities as well as the
recently commercialized device in JADA, which is helping to address a significant unmet need. All in all, we
are very pleased with our third quarter performance, and all the evidence points to a solid fourth quarter
to finish off the year. So now we're happy to take your questions. Thank you.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

ORGANON & CO. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

Jennifer Halchak
Vice President of Investor Relations
Polly, I think we can queue up the first question.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

ORGANON & CO. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Chris Schott with JPMorgan.

Christopher Thomas Schott
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

My first one was just on EBITDA margins as we think about going forward. I guess, given some of the
comments you're making about the timing of onboarding and the R&D step-up, can you just directionally
help us in '22, [indiscernible]you're not giving formal guidance yet. I guess at a high level, I guess, I'm
assuming we shouldn't use 4Q as a run rate for margins. But when we think about full year margins for
next year, is it fair to think about us coming down a bit from '21 as, again, it sounds like SG&A comes up,
R&D comes up. So just any directional color there, I think, would be very much appreciated.

And then my second question was just on the pipeline build-out. You've done 3 deals this year. Should we
think about these type of transactions, which it seemed like there's some R&D elements to them. They
seem a bit smaller in size is kind of the sweet spot in terms of acquisitions, both near and long term. Or
do we think about deals starting to skew towards larger transactions as you delever? So I'm trying to
sense of like if there wasn't capital constraints right now, would you be also mixing in some larger deals?
Or again, is this -- these type of transactions more than go forward to think about?

Matthew M. Walsh
Chief Financial Officer

So I'll start with the EBITDA margin question, Chris. This is obviously sensitive territory because we're not
providing 2022 guidance today. I want to be clear on that. Directionally though, providing maybe some
bumpers. I think the comment that you made -- well, let's back up and just repeat some of the prepared
comments, which were geared to start to address this question, which is we know that R&D expense
will be increasing in 2022 to support pipeline assets. This is, we believe, very important for the future,
sustainable revenue growth of the company. So you'll see R&D expenses increasing.

We've been very careful about how we are adding costs at the SG&A line to reach out what we believe
our run rate -- every dollar that we're adding, we're analyzing it very carefully. So that said, you had said,
Chris, it looks like 2022 EBITDA margin was likely to be below what you're guiding for in 2021. I think
directionally, that's a fair statement. You also said how should we think about the fourth quarter EBITDA
margin in the context of 2022. It might not be as low as that, I think that's directionally accurate. Now
I think it probably makes sense to just stop there at this point, and we'll be providing quantitative very,
very transparent guidance in February.

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

And Chris, to your second point in regards to kind of our appetite on business development, look, even
though we're just shy of 6 months into this journey since we rang the bell on June 3, we've been working
on these assets in terms of identifying and reaching out to potential targets well over probably 6 months,
a year before that. So we've been very disciplined, exceptionally disciplined in the way that we've looked
at our business development portfolio. We did signal early on in the Investment Day that we were going
to kind of using baseball parlance, its kind of go after singles and doubles because we do -- we saw
opportunities like, for example, with JADA to solve a significant unmet need in postpartum hemorrhage.

We saw an opportunity with ObsEva's product with preterm labor, a significant unmet need today in that
world. And now we are very excited about the Forendo acquisition because they bring a new mechanism
of action to treat a significant issue around the world, which is endometriosis affecting really 170 people --
70 million women across the world.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

ORGANON & CO. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

So we see great opportunities there. I've mentioned before there's about 140 assets out there in various
stages of development. But having said that, let me be clear, we're not saying no to larger deals. We're
not saying no to essentially anything that we believe could be accretive ultimately down the road for
Organon. We are open to whatever is actually going to be working best for us as a company. And so -- but
right now, what we see is opportunities that are really what we consider low-hanging fruit to go after in
order to be able to really round out our portfolio and be a leader in women's health.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Navann Ty, Citi.

Navann Ty
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Can you discuss your expectation on the recovery of contraception visits and NEXPLANON? And when do
you expect DTC and training programs to benefit NEXPLANON in sales? And then my second question is
around the cash balance, which was higher than expected. Can you discuss the free cash flow generation
this quarter and going forward?

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

So let me take that first question. It's a very important question in regards to the performance of
NEXPLANON. Look, I mean the thing to keep in mind is the fact that we truly believe that NEXPLANON
will be a blockbuster for all of us. We have patent protection until 2027 with an opportunity to extend it to
2030 as we start to round out and look at our 5-year extension data that will possibly come through and
report out in the 2025 time frame.

Having said that, we have invested, really truly invested, in the operational opportunities in the U.S. And
I'd like to point out 3 key investments. And then, ultimately, I'm going to lead to answering your question
by -- after going through that. Clinical training programs, these are essentially -- just to keep you in mind
that physicians or healthcare providers need to be certified and trained on how to insert and remove a
NEXPLANON in order to be able to prescribe the product.

Prior to the pandemic, Merck had averaged about 18,000 certifications per year. Since spin, that would
essentially be June through September, we've done 10,000 certifications. We're essentially averaging in
the second and third quarters nearly 13,500 certifications. That is a significant proxy for NEXPLANON
uptake and performance going forward. direct-to-consumer marketing. We've invested in the direct-to-
consumer, initiated a TV and social media campaign with a well-known celebrity and more importantly
real-world users of NEXPLANON.

Two observations. Unaided awareness of NEXPLANON has increased when compared to the prior 3
months, and our organic searches for NEXPLANON information have increased as we have made significant
-- really significant improvements and enhancements to our nexplanon.com site where we expect to see
about 7 million visitors uniquely every year.

Finally, representative activities as the COVID pandemic recedes. Over the last 3 quarters of 2021
versus the 3 quarters of 2020, our representative calls face-to-face have increased by 60%. All of that is
leading to the fact that right now, in the first 5 weeks of performance of the first -- of Q4, we see sales
distributors have increased strong double digits strong double digits. We expect the fourth quarter to be a
very strong quarter for us in NEXPLANON.

And ultimately, as I've always been saying, as we start to invest in senior management attention, as we
start to invest in some of these programs, we will see NEXPLANON just from the sheer fact of the matter,
what it can represent in dealing with unintended pregnancies in the U.S. and beyond start to really ramp
up and start to go back to that double-digit performance that we expect of it.

And on the second part of your question regarding free cash flow. The reason why we included Slide 13
of the earnings deck in the format that we did, was so that investors would be able to triangulate back to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

ORGANON & CO. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

what third quarter operating cash flow was and free cash flow. And so now the question is, is that figure
for operating cash flow, is it representative?

And I would tell you that there are one-timers that are running through that, but they're going in both
directions. Some good guys and some bad guys use colloquial terms that we use within the company,
but they're netting out so that the Q3 operating cash flow figure that we're looking at is really pretty
representative of what the company should do. And I put that in my prepared comments to say that the
cash flow generating performance in Q3 is well aligned with what we had forecasted. So that much I can
say for this fiscal year, and I'll refrain from making any free cash flow commentary for 2022 at this point.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Umer Raffat with Evercore.

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I kind of thought it would be helpful today to focus on the latest tuck-in that you guys announced on
Forendo, just given the potential optionality. So if I may, perhaps a few quick ones. One, could you speak
to endometrial thickness changes you saw in Phase Ib? And secondly, can you also speak to any ECG
changes and/or hypertension with this molecule so far? Third, perhaps just the selectivity for 17B HSV-1
versus sort of 11 beta or other ones? And finally, would you potentially intend to develop it in oncology
indications as well?

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

Thank you for that question. And I will say that, first of all, we are truly excited about the Forendo
announcement and potential acquisition going forward. I mean it does -- I mean when you think about
endometriosis, it's really under-researched, underfunded and misunderstood with essentially an average of
8 to 10 years before a woman is actually diagnosed with the diagnosis of endometriosis.

In regards to your questions on endometrial thickness, we're still -- we're just starting our Phase II
proof-of-concept studies. We expect to report out in the 2024-2025 range with commercialization of this
product, if all goes well, knock on wood, by the 2027-2028 time frame. It is something that we need to
get back to you as we start to kind of go down deep in terms of understanding exactly the data in that
respect. We can return back to you on that.

But just to say this, currently, as you know, the treatment of endometriosis is really relied on pain
medication and managing the symptoms in regards to endometriosis not necessarily the underlying issues
that are essentially causing the problem.

GnRHs, for example, acts systemically at the pituitary level, cutting off all signals to female -- to the
female reproductive system, which basically is plunging woman at the menopause and really causing
all kinds of bone mineral density issues. So that's why it's really short-term usage. FOR-6219, it's really
targeting the estradiol pathway, essentially targeting only impacting esterone to estradiol conversion
process,-and that process is exclusively responsible for endometriosis. And ultimately, all of the sequelae
when you see in terms of inflammation and all the things regarding the pain and bleeding all the issues go
on.

So we feel very excited about this mechanism. It is a potential, and I underscore potential for disease
modification as well as managing the symptoms of endometriosis are really at the sight of where it really
needs to be addressed. In terms of endometrial thickness and in terms of any ECG or any cardiovascular
issues, we'll get back to you in terms of as we start to be able to get a better insight in terms of the data.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Stephen Scala with Cowen.

Stephen Michael Scala

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

ORGANON & CO. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I have a few questions and then an observation. First, under the drug price reform proposal,
reimbursement for Part B drugs would go from ASP plus $6 to ASP plus $1,000. This would seem to
potentially encourage prescribing biosimilars over more expensive brand drugs. Can you put some
numbers on it -- on that? To what extent could biosimilar usage increase by simply reimbursement
changes? Or do you think that that's not correct, that biosimilar use will not be encouraged by any
reimbursement change?

Second question is on the acquisition of Forendo. The total consideration of $954 million seems strikingly
high. How would -- how much is that attributable to the lead asset versus the follow-ons? And what
happens with the existing collaboration with Novartis for chronic liver disease?

And then lastly, the observation. For a company that has a core strategy of business development, I'm
surprised that business development is third or even last on the capital allocation priority list. So that's it.

Matthew M. Walsh
Chief Financial Officer

So let's take the capital allocation question first. So the business generates strong cash flow today. The
collective view of our former parent, Merck, our Board of Directors, is that investors should be able to
share in that cash flow in real time and that the valuation of the company at a very sensitive time around
the spin was that the dividend would be an important consideration in achieving the right value on the
company. So that was the reason for the institution of the dividend. And of course, once it's in, it does
become the #1 priority.

The reason why organic growth projects come in #2, Steve, is because these are products that are already
in the portfolio. They've got a demonstrated track record of safety and performance. And so simply
introducing these products in new markets or potentially for adjacent indications are generally de-risked
investment opportunities and have very, very attractive risk-adjusted returns. And I would also add it's not
a big consumer of capital in the overall scheme of things.

So with the dividend being a relatively modest and manageable number, with the organic growth plans
being derisked and also modest and manageable, that still leaves really a substantial amount of our
available operating cash flow, free cash flow available to pursue the business development agenda. So I
hope that explanation makes sense.

In terms of the economics around the Forendo deal, of the number that you cited in terms of total
consideration, $600 million of that are commercial milestones. So the product has to be successful
commercially for most of the value of the deal to be realized. And the consideration is about $84 million
upfront and then approximately $270 million of clinical milestones. So we did wait the deal to be back-
ended and dependent as much as we could justify commercial success of the product. And yes, most of
the value has been ascribed to the lead candidate.

And I think your last question was on biosimilars. And we do view the current dialogue in Washington as
very positive for biosimilars, Steve. And it's difficult to quantify the impact for Organon at this point. It'll
certainly be articulated when we provide guidance for 2022, but we do see the dialogue in Washington as
being favorable for our portfolio of biosimilar products.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Greg Fraser with Truist Securities.

Gregory Daniel Fraser
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Just following up on your comments around NEXPLANON, was the intent to suggest that $200 million plus
of sales in Q4 is achievable given the positive drivers that you mentioned. And then on endometriosis,
clearly an area of women's health with unmet need for Endo's assets, it appears promising. It's

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

ORGANON & CO. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

relatively early development. Would you say that it did make sense to have multiple shots on goal for
endometriosis? And is this an area that's [indiscernible] focus for BD?

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

Do you want to take the first question?

Matthew M. Walsh
Chief Financial Officer

I will. So we do see a $200 million-plus quarter as well within the realm of achievability for NEXPLANON.
We wouldn't normally make those kind of definitive statements on a forward-looking basis, especially
for the quarter that we're in. But we wanted to be responsive to any potential extrapolation of the Q3
results that we just announced on NEXPLANON. We do see it as bucking sort of counter to the trend going
forward for NEXPLANON. And so we decided to put some definitive commentary around what we see in
Q4. And so yes, we do see north of $200 million as a real -- we have high confidence in that figure for
NEXPLANON on Q4 sales.

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

And Greg, to your second question in regards to endometriosis and shots on goal, Forendo does have
backup compounds to the lead 6219 compound. So we feel very excited and extremely thrilled that we're
able to work with Forendo and acquire this -- potentially acquire this company for this very exciting asset.
And we look forward to being able to continue to develop this product out.

And of course, they've got a very exciting earlier-stage asset, not in humans yet in terms of PCOS, which
is another significant unmet need. And I just want to -- I want to reiterate the fact that we started this
journey saying that there was significant unmet needs in women's health across the world that there's --
this is the right time for a company like Organon to be born to take on those challenges of being able to
resolve issues like postpartum hemorrhage, preterm labor, endometriosis, PCOS. And this is the beginning
of the journey in that respect. So -- but we do hear you, and Forendo does have backup molecules.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Jason Gerberry with Bank of America.

Unknown Analyst

This is Ashwin on for Jason. I just had one. In terms of contracting for biosimilars, Myovant during 2022,
do you expect to have a line of sight on this contracting, Does the company believe that the payers will
look to form of the deals in the first half to mid '22 given the [indiscernible] biosimilar in 2023?

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

Are you referring to HADLIMA specifically?

Unknown Analyst

Yes.

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

Okay. Yes, there's ongoing right now discussions. It's early. We expect to launch in June of 2023 with
our HADLIMA or our HUMIRA biosimilar. It's going to be a busy year in 2023, but we expect to be second
in line in terms of overall launching sequence, which is obviously a very important aspect in terms of
sequence of launch. And right now, there are discussions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

ORGANON & CO. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

The unique thing about Organon is that the fact that the biosimilar team essentially moved over from
Merck. And they've been working for a number of years and have significant great relationships with all
the PBMs as well as there are ongoing discussions with them. You remember that this is a pharmacy-
dispensed product. And so it's going to be controlled and it's going to move very fast, we believe, by the
PBMs to essentially take advantage of biosimilar switch.

Operator

And your next question comes from the line of Charlie Yang with Morgan Stanley.

Chen Yuan Yang
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Yes. So I just have 2 questions, please. I think one is, can you just talk a little bit more details on the
about similar price and volume dynamics going forward? And the second question is kind of regarding the
NEXPLANON outlook, how -- in the out years, what would that look like in terms of the kind of the growth
acceleration and trend?

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

Yes. So Charlie, I think that those are good questions. Let me take the NEXPLANON first. As we've said
in our last May in our Investor Day, we believe that NEXPLANON is poised for strong double-digit growth.
It was a double-digit growing product prior to the pandemic; we believe that, that will continue to be the
case as soon as clinics start to open up as they are reopening now and staffs are coming back online,
that's kind of why we made the investments we did in things like clinical training programs, direct-to-
consumer marketing, all the rep activities that are ongoing right now and many other things that we're
doing right now in the space.

Keep in mind, that NEXPLANON really only has about 5% market share. So there's tremendous room for
growth going forward. And we do have patent protection for some time in order to build this product out.
It will be a billion dollar product for us. We feel very sure about that. And as I mentioned, first half of the
fourth quarter looks very strong for NEXPLANON, which is -- again, it's tied to the fact that as women go
back into the clinics right now, there's opportunities to really be able to utilize NEXPLANON in a manner
by which kind of comes along with our vision of double-digit growth for this product and blockbuster
potential.

In regards to the second point, I think you were mentioning in terms of price volume activity around
HUMIRA biosimilars. Look, we expect unlike, say, for example, hospital products like infliximab is and
Remicade, where the price tends to move in kind of a lumpy fashion hospital-by-hospital, account
by account. We do expect that it's going to move very quickly, not like small molecule erosion, but
nevertheless, it's going to move fairly quickly in terms of price erosion with the loss of exclusivity of
HUMIRA and moving forward in 2023 as you start to see all the launches of biosimilars.

And you're going to probably see anywhere between 7 to 8 biosimilar launches in the first, say, year
of opportunities for biosimilars to come in. So we'll see, I think, significant erosion. Again, nothing like
the small molecule type of erosion, but nothing like that you see, for example, in a hospital dispense
biosimilars that you see today.

Operator

And your final question comes from the line of David Amsellem with Piper Jaffray.

David A. Amsellem
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

So I just had a couple of another question on biosimilars, and this relates to HADLIMA, but it's also maybe
a broader question as well. With Boehringer Ingleheim into changeability, how do you think about the
role of interchangeability and what that means for your volume share or other products that don't have

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

ORGANON & CO. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

interchangeability? So this is really not the question about price, but more impression of that volume
share, given that -- given the interchangeability dynamics.

And then the second question I have is on Ex U.S. Established Brands. Is there a good way to think about
what may be steady state pricing erosion, if there is any at all? Could be over the long term? I mean it's a
business that, admittedly, is a little more opaque. So I'm wondering if you could help us get a window into
your thinking there.

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

Okay, David. Let me take the first question in regards to interchangeability because I know it's coming
up recently. Look, the way that we've really looked at this market, and let's just take HADLIMA rather the
HUMIRA biosimilars, you're right, Boehringer does have a low-dose interchangeability study that they've
done. That represents a very small segment of the market. The majority of the market is in high dose, the
high-dose segment.

So really, the following variables, we believe, are very important. Order of entry, again, is very important,
and we're still planning to be the second to the market in June 2023. The high-dose citrate-free
formulation is exceptionally important because that is essentially what the dominant form is today with
AbbVie's product.

Real-world experience, and we have that from successful launches in Europe, Canada and Australia for our
HUMIRA biosimilar, HADLIMA, which -- where we've launched that product in those places. Quality. Quality
product from a manufacturing partner, you can rest assured, it's got top line quality manufacturing, like,
for example, Samsung Bioepis.

But having said that, our thinking around interchangeability, especially interchangeability in a high-
dose citrate freeform is evolving. And we're in very active discussions with our partner in Samsung right
now. And we will take a decision shortly in terms of what needs to be done in that space. But we are
going to be very competitive. We're not going to be essentially a company that's going to have all the
right variables to launch and succeed in this segment because it's an important area for us and not be
competitive in regards to competitive pressures from other companies.

But keep in mind, there are no -- no company is perfectly positioned. As we look today in terms of
being kind of early launching with high concentration citrate-free dose, also having interchangeability
designation for high concentration at launch, nobody's got that. So essentially, it's going to be that
we launch with what we have. And then ultimately, you'll see later post launch as many of the other
competitors are stating the interchangeability indication coming through. And in regards to Established
Brands, what we do see -- let's have Matt address that.

Matthew M. Walsh
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So just to ground you, Dave, approximately 92% of our Established Brand sales are Ex U.S. Across
the entire portfolio, we see, let's say, on -- over a planning horizon, so 4 or 5 years, we see price decline
approximately 3% to 4% per year. We see volumes actually across the portfolio growing about 1% to
2% per year. And that's what has been supporting our commentary that we see the Established Brands
business having a low single-digit CAGR in terms of glide path revenue over the foreseeable future.

Jennifer Halchak
Vice President of Investor Relations

Kevin, any concluding remarks?

Kevin Ali
CEO & Director

Yes. So thank you. Thanks, everyone, to -- for your very thoughtful questions. But I just want to just say,
as we wrap up today's call, I want to conclude by saying we are exactly where we want to be. At our first

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

ORGANON & CO. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

Investor Day in May, one month before spin, we laid out our plan for delivering low to mid-single-digit
organic growth. We are delivering on what we committed to. Women's health driven by NEXPLANON and
fertility remains positioned to deliver double-digit growth over the intermediate period, plus we're making
the changes necessary to build the foundation for continued growth going forward.

Year-to-date, biosimilars are already delivering double-digit growth, and we expect that to happen over
the planning period. We are stabilizing the Established Brands business with volume increases in more
than 50% of our products, and we believe we have a pathway to sustain performance over the coming
years.

This portfolio serves as a cash generator, contributing to the free cash flow that Matt referenced, enabling
us to build out our pipeline with targeted and disciplined business development and life cycle management
activities focused on our company's purpose to address significant unmet medical needs in women's
health.

With our 3 deals in the past 6 months, we have lost no time in tackling areas where new innovation is
sorely needed. We have commercialized the JADA device to address postpartum hemorrhage, launched
in the U.S. with plans to bring it to the rest of the world as quickly as possible. We've licensed ObsEva's
investigational preterm labor agent, a new mechanism of action in a space with few options.

And our existing deal announced today -- our exciting deal announced today, the proposed acquisition of
Forendo brings an early-stage asset with new mechanism of action being studied for endometriosis plus an
earlier-stage asset for PCOS.

In addition, we have a number of life cycle management opportunities underway, including the potential
for a NEXPLANON 5-year label extension and many, many more. overall, our company is shaping up just
as we planned; sustainable, predictable and on strategy. So I want to thank you, and we'll talk again early
next year. All the best.

Operator
And thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your
participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

ORGANON & CO. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 11, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

