Parker-Hannifin Corporation NYSE:PH
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, August 06, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.49

2.55

71.14

1.83

9.69

10.79

11.35

9.43

2877.70

3160.60

9.83

3014.67

13410.89

13695.52

2.12

13382.20

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-06-2020 2:04 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.66

2.27

2.26

1.49

2.76

2.54

2.92

2.55

3.76 %

11.89 %

29.20 %

71.14 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Catherine A. Suever
Executive VP of Finance &
Administration and CFO

Lee C. Banks
President, COO & Director

Thomas L. Williams
Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Andrew Millard Casey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

John George Inch
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Nathan Hardie Jones
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Parker-Hannifin Fiscal 2020 Fourth
Quarter and Full Year Earnings release Conference call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that
today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over
to your speaker today, Cathy Suever, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.

Catherine A. Suever
Executive VP of Finance & Administration and CFO

Thank you, Sarah. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our teleconference this morning. Joining me
today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Williams; and President and Chief Operating Officer,
Lee Banks. Today's presentation slides, together with the audio webcast replay, will be accessible on the
company's investor information website at phstock.com for 1 year following today's call.

In Slide #2, you'll find the company's safe harbor disclosure statement addressing forward-looking
statements as well as non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations for any reference to non-GAAP
financial measures are included in this morning's press release and on Parker's website at phstock.com.

Today's agenda appears on Slide 3. We'll begin with our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Tom
Williams, providing an update on Parker's response to COVID-19. Tom will then discuss highlights from
the fourth quarter and full year. Following Tom's comments, I'll provide a review of our fourth quarter
performance together with guidance for fiscal year 2021. Tom will then provide a few summary comments,
and we'll open the call for a question-and-answer session. We'll do our best to take all the calls we can
today.

Please refer now to Slide 4, and Tom will get us started.

Thomas L. Williams
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Cathy, and good morning, everybody. A couple of comments from me before we start Slide
4. First, I hope that everybody listening in that you and your families are safe and healthy. And I'd like to
extend our thoughts to those affected by this crisis, and our deepest sympathies go out to those that have
lost loved ones as a result of the virus.

I have a special thank you for all Parker team members that are listening in for their hard work and our
dedication really delivering 2 high level accomplishments. First, we delivered outstanding performance
during unprecedented times, as you saw by the quarter and by the full year results. And we're living up
to our purpose. We're providing products and technologies that are helping society through the crisis and
helping to do our part to create a better tomorrow for people.

So on Slide 4, we talk about our response to pandemic. It starts with safety. That's the first goal on
everyone's strategy. And really, when we made that change in 2015, it provided a great foundation for us
to respond to this pandemic. We're helping society through the crisis. Our technologies are essential. What
was interesting with all the government orders that came out, almost every one of those deemed us as an
essential manufacturer. Our purpose and action is more clear than ever, and I'll give you a few examples
of that. And our manufacturing capacity has stayed near-normal levels throughout the pandemic. The
governing principle that's really been the takeaway on this page, which is our 2 safest places that we want
for our people is to be at work and at home. And we're doing everything we can to live up for that.

So on Slide 5, the performance during this health and economic crisis and the confidence in the results
that you saw in Q4 really come from this list that you see. I want to just touch on the very last bullet, to
engage people. This was a big change that we made in Win Strategy 2.0 2015, and we recognized the
strong correlation between safety, engagement and business performance. We are now top quartile in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

safety, top quartile in engagement, and you can see the significant progress we're making towards being
top quartile on our financial performance-based on the results that we just turned in.

If you go to the next page, I'm going to talk about the strength of our portfolio and our purpose and
action. And on Slide 7 is the unmatched breadth of technologies that we have, those 8-motion control
technologies. They are our competitive differentiator. It's how we bring value to customers. And our
customers see it. 60% of our revenue comes from customers who buy 4 or more of these technologies.

Go to Slide 8. Our capital deployment strategy has been thoughtful and we've been transforming this
already great portfolio through these strategic acquisitions by acquiring CLARCOR, LORD and Exotic. This
is $3 billion of acquired sales. We bought 3 great companies, the 3 largest in our history. And they've
increased our resilience because of their technologies and because of their aftermarket content. And
you've seen in the results they are accretive to growth, margins and cash. And this was especially evident
during a crisis. And we've been able to equal or beat our synergy goals despite the macro conditions.

Slide 9 is our purpose statement, enabling engineering breakthroughs that lead to a better tomorrow,
which has really acted as our compass and our guiding light and provide a lot of inspiration to our team.
On Slide 10, just some examples of that purpose in action. On the left-hand side is the food supply, we're
basically from the farm all the way to your kitchen table. Transportation, whether it's truck, air or rail,
we're helping the world move products and goods around the various customers. In the middle section
there on life sciences, we're helping patients, whether it's in the hospital or in the ambulance. And that
-- probably the poster child for us and the one that's really -- is probably the signature of the purpose
in action for the last quarter was the work we did on the ventilator. So 6 of those 8 technologies that
I showed in the prior page or 2 are ventilators. And we saw dramatic, you might expect, ramp-up in
production needs based on what was happening in the society with existing customers, and we took on a
lot of new customers that could not find suppliers that could keep up with this production demand. And
in some cases, we went from 0 to full production in weeks, and it was really a remarkable job by the
divisions involved.

On the right-hand side in the upper right, we are an essential manufacturer, as I mentioned earlier. And
basically, if you look at any plant in the world, you can probably find a Parker part somewhere in that
plant. So we're an essential manufacturer because we're needed by everybody else. Then on power
generation, whether it's traditional renewables, we're there to help customers with their energy source.

Moving and shifting to really a summary of the quarter and the full year on Slide 12, it was outstanding.
It was a difficult time, probably the most difficult in the history as a company. The organic growth came
in at 21% decline. So we clearly felt that impact we paid down debt by $687 million. That was on top
of what we did in Q3. And when you look at margin on the 2 different categories we're going to look at
here, it was just terrific performance. On operating margins, it's better to look at it without acquisitions,
given the acquisitions we've got and not -- and don't have in prior periods. But if you look at the adjusted
growth there, 18.1% versus 17.6%. So 50 bps increase in Q4 as a 16% decremental, just fantastic. That's
a fantastic job by all the groups and divisions around the company.

And then without acquisitions, EBITDA -- it's a good way to look at this, apples-to-apples. If you go down
to the last row, 20.4%, 160 basis points improvement, probably the first time, at least in recent memory
that we've ellipsed 20% EBITDA margin. So this is really a combination of the base business performing
well, the Win Strategy, the prior period restructuring and bringing on acquisitions that are accretive on
margins.

If you go to Slide 13, a quick summary of a full year. We've made continued progress. I would just remind
people that we were already in an industrial session before the pandemic hit. So these accomplishments
really are up against a pretty stiff headwind.

And on safety, 35% reduction in recordable incidents. This puts us in the top quartile and I would just
contrast, 5 years ago, we were in the fourth quartile on safety and we're not in the first quarter, so
remarkable progress there. Cash flow from operations from a dollar standpoint is an all-time record. So
that's an all-time record in the history of the company, $2.1 billion. If you got to hit a record, cash is a
good place to hit a record on.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

You can see the CFOA margins at 15.1%, free cash flow conversion 152%. And then just some debt
metrics, leverage metrics there. You can see that we improved on our gross debt, down to 3.6 to 3.8x.
And then on a net debt standpoint, is at 3.3 from 3.5. What we're very proud of is the cumulative debt
reduction in FY '20 was $1.3 billion, approximately 25% of the transaction debt. So in just a little over 8
months of acquisition ownership we, paid off a quarterly of debt that we took on to acquire the company.
It's just a great job by the teams here.

And then moving on 14 to the full year. Again, just great margin performance for that. So the full year
organic was down about 10%. and again, same methodology without acquisitions, look at the operating
margin that, to us, simply hold out flat at 17.2%, which is very hard to do on a volume drop and came
in at a 17% decremental, which is a best-in-class performance. With acquisitions, looking at EBITDA
adjusted, we raised it to 19.3%, again, showing the combination of the Win Strategy and acquiring
companies that are accretive on margins to help out the total business.

So if you move to the transition here. So the Parker transformation, it's happening. Those numbers that
you saw in the prior pages don't happen just by accident or by luck. So what we've been doing to drive
that. So if you go to Page 16, all roads lead to the Win Strategy. And I would say it's the combination of
our decentralized divisional structure with the Win Strategy that drives this unique ownership culture that
is really putting up these kinds of results.

If you go to Page '17, just to elaborate a little bit more on what's different. We started off this time
period with a major restructuring activity that's really started in FY '14, and you look at the cumulative
restructuring we did for those 3 years. It was approximately $270 million of restructuring. So that really
set us on a path of putting the right kind of cost structure in place.

We've built upon that. We launched simplification in 2015. Immersed simplification on a broad standpoint
is a structure and organization design on 80/20 and on Simple by Design. But just from a structure
standpoint, you can see that we reduced 1/3 of the divisions of the company. And we made 2 major
updates to the Parker business system, which is the Win Strategy. Building on the success of the original
Win Strategy, we did 2.0 in 2015 and of course, 3.0, just recently and we're very excited about that
because we have a ton of potential. We just launched it and has a lot of runway in front of it.

We talked about the power of the companies that we acquired. And you see that resilience coming
through in the business like. I'm going to give you 2 slides coming up that will show you that resilience,
objectively, looking at both margins and growth. But don't underestimate the takeaway of the purpose
statement has really provided great create alignment and aspiration. And there's a big difference between
being at work and being inspired by your work and purpose does that for you. And that's what our people
feel about that.

So on Slide 18, talk about the margin side. And I showed you this last quarter. And this is looking at the
last 5 manufacturing recessions. And I would argue FY '20 has actually got 2 separate recessions in it.
The industrial recession we were already in and the pandemic that came in, in March. But you can see
whether you look at it on an as-reported basis or adjusted, you would see the significant step change
in performance over these manufacturing recessions type here. Something we're very proud of and
something that we intend to keep doing. And if you go to 19, this was a look at top line resilience and --
go to 19. Well, there. Okay.

So I recognize that the Great Recession and COVID-19 is not the same, but these are 2 examples of
significant shocks to the system. My view, COVID-19 is worse. If you look at the GDP reduction across the
world in the last quarter, it dwarfs any kind of GDP reduction happened in the Great recession. But let's
just say, for the sake argument that the organic -- that the environment was the same. And we took the
worst period that happened in the Great recession happened to be Q4 as well, and FY '09 was down 32%,
and then what did we do last quarter? We did minus 21. Now hopefully, that'll be our worst quarter, time
will tell. But we think it's going to be the worst quarter.

So why is it better? There's some distinct structural reasons why it's better. First, the CLARCOR acquisition
is now part of our organic performance, and it has 80% aftermarket. So that's more resilient. The percent
revenue that we get from innovative products and the way we calculate that as a percent of revenue is

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

new to the world, new to the market, divided by our total revenue. That, over the last 5 years, that has
more than doubled over this period of time. Innovative production more resilient, they grow faster, better
margins. And then you've heard us talk about how we changed the mix in the international distribution
by raising that by 500 bps over this period of time. And we've had better customer experience. We're not
there. We have lots more to do on customer experience, but that's been another contributor.

So the top line, we're not immune to the cycle. We felt it, obviously, but it is better than we were before,
and there's distinct reasons why it's better. And it's only going to get better in the future because LORD
and Exotic, not yet in our organic numbers. And you can see, by the results we've showed so far, they are
performing better than legacy Parker

We move to Slide '20. Something we're very proud of, our cash generation history. I mentioned the CFOA
record at $2.1 billion. And then we've just been very, very consistent. Good times and bad times, you've
seen 19 consecutive years up to double-digit CFOA and greater than 1% free cash flow conversion. So I
want to move to FY '21 and the outlook, and we decided to reinstate guidance. And you can make good
arguments as to why not to give guidance with the uncertainty. And we're not trying to pretend that we're
any smarter than anybody else because we're not. However, we're 4 months smarter than we were the
last earnings call, and we've proven that we can operate safely and with strong results. And while the
future is uncertain, we felt we are in the best position to communicate to shareholders and provide them
the insight as to where we're going. And hence, that's why we decided to do guidance.

Of course, it's an opportunity we'll have every quarter, and we will certainly get smarter as order entry
comes in. And we'll update your thoughts as we go through and certainly, we'll go through this in more
detail in the Q&A portion of the call. But I wanted to give you that context as to why we decided to guide
before Cathy actually gives you some of the specific numbers.

So then if you go to 22, a big part of our success in Q4 was our actions on costs. And this is a
combination, as I've mentioned, of prior period restructuring, the Win Strategy and all the things we've
been doing for years. And then the speed and agility of our pandemic response. But what you see here
in contrast between what we did in Q4 and what we're going to do in FY '21 is a strategic shift in the
cost to a more permanent cost action basis. So you can see the little donut chart in Q4 of FY '20, 12%
permanent, and that's going to move to 55% permanent in FY '21.

If you look underneath the donut for Q4, you see permanent actions. These are all savings. It was $25
million. And that was spot on what we told you last quarter. And you see the $175 million of savings that
was less than what we told you. We told you a range of $250 million to $300 million. And it was lower
because our volume was better, which was a good thing. We didn't necessarily give you specific guidance
last quarter, but we -- in our own internal planning, we were projecting a 30% decline in volume. And
hence, that's why we gave you the range in discretionary, came in at minus 21%, which we were grateful
for, and we didn't need to do as many discretionary actions. We needed people to work more hours, which
was a good thing.

Then when you move to '21, you see discretionary of $200 million. That will be mostly in the first half,
and we will gradually wean off of that as we go through the first half. There will be some in the second
half. There will be more local driven by what the general manager needs based on local conditions and
predominantly help balancing plant hours to demand.

But then you see a permanent action rising to $250 million. And if you look at when COVID hit, and you
take the second half of FY '20 and add all of FY '21, and look at our restructuring cost. So we did $65
million -- we're proposing $65 million of restructuring in FY '21. We did $60 million in the second half of FY
'20. So that's $125 million, of what I would call COVID-related restructuring that's going to generate this
$250 million of savings. So that might seem a little more efficient than normal. And the reason for that is
it's going to be an asset-light restructuring plan. We will have very few plant closures, as a result, that's
why it's a lot more efficient than normal.

So with that, I'm going to hand it back to Cathy for more details on the quarter.

Catherine A. Suever

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Executive VP of Finance & Administration and CFO

Okay. Thanks, Tom. I'd like you to now refer to Slide 24, and I'll summarize the fourth quarter financial
results. This slide presents as reported and adjusted earnings per share for the fourth quarter. Current
year adjusted earnings per share of $2.55 compares to $3.31 last year. Adjustments from the 2020
as reported results netted to $0.28, including business realignment expenses of $0.37 and lowered
acquisition integration and transaction expenses of $0.05.

These were offset by the tax effect of these adjustments of $0.09 and the result of a favorable tax
settlement of $0.05. Prior year fourth quarter earnings per share had been adjusted by $0.14. The details
of which are included in the reconciliation tables for non-GAAP financial measures.

Moving to Slide 25. You'll find the significant components of the $0.76 walk from prior year fourth quarter
adjusted earnings per share to $2.55 for this year. With organic sales down 21%, adjusted segment
operating income decreased the equivalent of $0.61 per share or $99 million. Decremental margins on a
year-over-year basis were 19%. Decremental margins without the impact of acquisitions were just 16%,
demonstrating excellent cost containment and productivity by the teams.

Offsetting this decline, we gained $0.07 from lower corporate G&A as a result of salary reductions taken
during the quarter and tight cost controls on discretionary spending. Interest expense cost an additional
$0.15 of earnings per share as debt is currently at a higher level because of the acquisitions. Income taxes
accounted for an additional $0.08 of expense because we had fewer favorable discrete tax credits in the
current quarter.

Slide 26 shows total Parker segment sales -- total Parker sales and segment operating margin for the
fourth quarter. The fourth quarter organic sales decreased year-over-year by 21.1%, and currency had
a negative impact of 1.1%. Acquisition impact of 8.1% partially offset these declines. Total adjusted
segment operating margins were 17.4% compared to 17.6% last year. This 20 basis point decline is net of
the company's ability to absorb approximately 100 basis points or $33 million of incremental amortization
expense from the acquisitions.

On Slide 27, we're showing the impact LORD and Exotic had on fourth quarter FY '20 on both an as-
reported and adjusted basis. Sales from the acquisitions were $298 million and operating income on
an adjusted basis were $32 million. The operating income for LORD and Exotic includes $35 million in
amortization expense. I'd like to point out that the improvement of 50 basis points in legacy Parker
operating income despite the $818 million drop in sales. The great work the teams did on controlling costs
resulted in a 16% decremental margin for the quarter within the legacy businesses.

Moving to Slide 28. I'll discuss the business segments, starting with diversified industrial North America.
For the fourth quarter, North America organic sales were down 24.7% while acquisitions contributed 7.6%.
Operating margin for the fourth quarter on an adjusted basis was 16.5% of sales versus 18.4% last year.
This 190 basis point decline includes absorbing approximately 60 basis points or $9 million of incremental
amortization.

North America's legacy businesses generated an impressive decremental margin of 24%, reflecting the
hard work of diligent cost containment and productivity improvements, a favorable sales mix together
with the impact of our Win Strategy initiatives. I'll continue with the Diversified Industrial International
segment on Slide 29. Organic sales for the fourth quarter in the industrial international segment decreased
by 15.4%. Acquisitions contributed 5.4%, and currency had a negative impact of 2.9%. Operating margin
for the fourth quarter on an adjusted basis increased to 16.8% of sales versus 16.4% last year. This 40
basis point improvement is net of the additional burden of approximately 110 basis points or $12 million
of incremental amortization expense. The legacy businesses generated a very good decremental margin of
just 9.8%, again, reflecting diligent cost containment, a favorable mix and the impact of the Win Strategy.

I'll now move to Slide 30 to review the Aerospace Systems segment. Organic sales decreased 22.3% for
the fourth quarter, partially offset by acquisitions contributing 14.3%. Declines in commercial OEM and
aftermarket volume were partially offset by higher sales in both military OEM and aftermarket. Operating
margins for the current fourth quarter increased to 20.4% of sales versus 17.9% last year. This is net

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

of the incremental amortization expense impact of approximately 190 basis points or $12 million, a
favorable mix, proactive realignment actions, cost containment and lower engineering development costs
contributed nicely to the quarter. Good margin performance from Exotic and hard work by the teams on
cost containment and productivity improvements helped contribute to the solid performance in the quarter.

On Slide 31, we're showing the impact LORD and Exotic has had during FY '20 on both an as-reported
and adjusted basis. Sales from the acquisitions for the year totaled $949 million and operating income
on an adjusted basis contributed $114 million. The LORD team was able to pull forward synergy savings,
reaching a run rate of $40 million by the end of the year. These savings plus a great deal of hard work
by the teams on integration, productivity and adjusting to lower volume due to the pandemic, helps
the acquisitions be $0.04 per share accretive for the year after absorbing $100 million of amortization
expense.

Adjusted EBITDA from LORD and Exotic is 26.3%. With this meaningful contribution from acquisitions,
fiscal year '20 total Parker adjusted EBITDA has increased to 19.3% as compared to 18.2% for fiscal year
2019. Note that the legacy Parker business was able to improve EBITDA margin 60 basis points to 18.8%
despite lower sales of nearly $1.6 billion.

On Slide 32, we report cash flow from operating activities. We had strong cash flow this year, resulting
in record cash flow from operating activities of $2.1 billion or 15.1% of sales. This compares to 13.5% of
sales for the same period last year. After last year's number has adjusted for a $200 million discretionary
pension contribution. Free cash flow for the current year is 13.4% of sales, and the conversion rate to net
income is 152%.

Moving to Slide 33. I'd like to discuss our current leverage and liquidity position. Based on the continued
strong free cash flow generation, and effective working capital management, we made a sizable $687
million reduction to our debt during the quarter, which brought our full year debt reduction to $1.3 billion,
which is approximately 25% of the debt issued for the LORD and Exotic Metals acquisition. I apologize for
a typo on the slide, the second bullet should be $1.3 billion rather than $1.3 million.

With this reduction, our gross debt EBITDA leverage metric at the end of the quarter was 3.6x, down
from 3.8x at March 31, despite a drop in EBITDA. Our net debt-to-EBITDA reduced to 3.3x from 3.5x at
March 31. We've continued to suspend our 10b5-1 share repurchase program and we remain committed
to paying our shareholders a dividend, and we intend to uphold our record of annually increasing the
dividend paid.

Moving to Slide 34, we show the details of current order rates by segment. Total orders decreased by
22% as of the quarter ending June. This year-over-year decline is a consolidation of minus 29% within
Diversified Industrial North America, minus 21% within Diversified Industrial International and minus 5%
within Aerospace Systems orders. Just a reminder that we report the Aerospace Systems orders on a 12-
month rolling average.

The full year earnings guidance for fiscal year '21 is outlined on Slide 35. Guidance is being provided
on both an as-reported and an adjusted basis. Beginning with this fiscal year '21 guidance, as we've
previously announced, we are revising our disclosures for adjusted segment operating earnings and
adjusted earnings per share. With this guidance, we will now start to include acquisition-related intangible
asset amortization expense in our adjustments. We think these adjusted results will provide a better
representation of our core operating earnings year-over-year. In the appendix of today's slides, you can
find the impact of the acquisition-related asset amortization expense on fiscal year '19 and fiscal year '20.

In today's pandemic environment, total sales for fiscal year '21 are expected to decrease between 10.7%
and 6.7% compared to the prior year. Anticipated organic decline for the full year is forecasted at a
midpoint of 11.3%. Acquisitions are expected to benefit growth at a midpoint of 2.7% while currency is
projected to have a marginal negative 0.1% impact. We've calculated the impact of currency to spot rates
as of the quarter ended June 30, 2020, and we have held those rates steady as we estimate the resulting
year-over-year impact for fiscal year '21. You can see the forecasted as reported and adjusted operating
margins by segment.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

At the midpoint, total Parker adjusted margins are forecasted to decrease approximately 80 basis points
from prior year. For guidance, we are estimating adjusted margins in a range of 17.8% to 18.4% for the
full fiscal year. The full year effective tax rate is projected to be 23%. For the full year, the guidance range
on an as-reported earnings per share basis is $7.41 to $8.41 or $7.91 at the midpoint.

On an adjusted earnings per share basis, the guidance range is $9.80 to $10.80 or $10.30 at the
midpoint. The adjustments to the as-reported forecast made in this guidance, at a pretax level, include
business realignment expenses of approximately $65 million for the full year fiscal 2021 with the
associated savings projected to be $120 million in the current year.

We anticipate integration costs to achieve of $19 million. Synergy savings for LORD are projected
to hit a run rate of $80 million and for Exotic, a run rate of $2 million by the end of the year. And in
addition, acquisition-related intangible asset amortization expense of $321 million will be included in our
adjustments. Some additional key assumptions for full year 2021 guidance at the midpoint are: sales will
be divided 47% first half, 53% second half; adjusted segment operating income is divided 43% first half,
57% second half; adjusted earnings per share first half/second half is divided 40%, 60%.

First quarter fiscal 2021 adjusted earnings per share is projected to be $2.15 per share at the midpoint,
and this excludes to $0.67 per share or $115 million of projected acquisition-related amortization expense,
business realignment expenses and integration costs to achieve.

On Slide 36, you'll find a reconciliation of the major components of fiscal year 2020 adjusted earnings per
share compared to the adjusted fiscal year '21 guidance of $10.3 at the midpoint. Fiscal year '20, adjusted
earnings per share was reported at $10.79. To make it comparable to the fiscal year '21 guidance, which
includes an adjusted for which includes an adjustment for acquisition-related asset amortization expense,
we show the adjustment of $1.68 to get to a comparable $12.47.

With organic sales down over 11%, adjusted segment operating income is expected to drop approximately
$1.95. This would result in decremental margins of 27% on a year-over-year basis. Corporate G&A and
other expense is projected to negatively impact earnings per share by $0.36 because of gains achieved in
fiscal year '20 that are not anticipated to repeat.

Offsetting these declines, interest expense is projected to be $0.29 lower in fiscal year '21. An income
tax rate of 23% will reduce earnings per share by $0.10 year-over-year. And the assumption of a full
year of suspending share buybacks is projected to result in a $0.05 dilution due to an increase in average
shares outstanding. We ask that you continue to publish your estimates using adjusted guidance, which
should now include adjusting for acquisition-related amortization expense. This concludes my prepared
comments. Please turn to Slide 37. I'll turn it back over to Tom.

Thomas L. Williams
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Cathy. I thought we would close with what is probably an obvious question on most people's
minds is, how do you feel about the FY '23 targets that you just outlined in IR Day given the pandemic and
what it's done. And the short answer is, we're still committed to them.

We've made tremendous progress on margins, and our top line is clearly becoming more resilient. While
the top line revenue that Cathy articulated in IR Day was $16.4 billion, that will be very hard to hit. But
we can still grow faster than the market, which is our intention. So these targets you see in this page,
growing faster than global industrial production index.
The margin targets of 21% at the op margin and EBITDA free cash flow conversion and EPS, barring a
recession in FY '23 and recognize that we have 3 full fiscal years left to get here and provided we get
some modest growth as we go in FY '22 and '23, we believe we can hit these numbers. So again, I wanted
to just close by saying thank you to the Parker team, especially thank you for keeping each other safe and
for what you've been doing on all of our safety protocols and for the great results we had in FY '20. And I'll
turn it over to Sarah to start the Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank.

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

So maybe starting with the expectation for decremental margins. I saw on the slide that you guys are
anticipating 30% decremental. I think that's inclusive of the cost savings plan you laid out. So I guess just
maybe frame for us why decrementals should step-up from here since the performance this quarter was
so impressive.

Thomas L. Williams
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Nicole, it's Tom. So I'll start. Our decrementals, if you look at the quarters for FY '21, our projection
float in the range of 25% to 30%. So still best-in-class type of performance. The difference between, say,
where we were in Q4, and that is a couple of things. One, in Q4, we had a little bit of help with mix. We
had a lot less mobile business than we had in the past. And that business is typically significantly lower
margin than distribution and industrial.

So the distribution and industrial portion of the company's revenue in Q4 was disproportionately higher
than it normally is. So that is not going to sustain itself. It's going to go back to more normal levels as
mobile comes back as we go through the full year. So that will become a headwind.

The other part in Q4 is we had, as you saw from the results, a terrific performance by Aerospace, which
was helped with some seasonal help on the international military MRO, where we had a very sharp
increase versus prior periods, and that's very high margins that comes with it. So those will be the 2 key
reasons. But even with that, I would suggest to you that with these kind of volume drops, a 25% to 30%
decremental. And I looked at all of our peers before we came into this, would still put us in the top quartile
position.

Nicole Sheree DeBlase
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes, absolutely. And just as my second question, I know you guys have said that you didn't see a ton of
improvement from April to May when you spoke previously, but can you maybe characterize what you
guys saw in June and anything quarter-to-date in July?

Thomas L. Williams
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So I'll continue on Nicole. So through the quarter, we saw industrial North America and international
bottomed in May, improved in June and July's orders are indicative of what -- I'll give you kind of how we
feel what the first and second half splits for our guide. And then aerospace weakened through the quarter,
and I'll give you more color on aerospace here in a second. So when you go to the full year, you saw our
guide at minus 11%. That minus 11% is made up of our first half of minus 19%, second half of minus 3%.

So what was our thinking as we thought through this. So if you look at it by segment, North America, and
I'll start with how Q4 ended and ten kind of parlay that into how our thinking about the first half. So Q4 in
North America ended at minus 25%. Based on the orders we saw in June and July, we see some modest
improvement going into the first half. We forecast at a minus 21% for the first half, then it gets to flat for
the second half of FY '21. International came in at minus 15% organically. Again, based on order entry in
June and July. We have that going to a minus 12%, modest improvement and going to almost flat in the
second half as well.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

And aerospace was minus 22%, helped a little bit because of that high international military MRO. We
see that weakening a little bit in the first half at minus 26% and then improves but still being in a tough
environment and longer cycle, minus 15%. So again, you get the first half of minus 19%, second half at
minus 3%. But we get to Q4 when we anniversary the pandemic, and we show high single-digit positives.
The thing that I would point out our view on this is that and our thinking behind the whole guidance is that
the industrial recovery has started, but it's going to be uneven, and there's going to be a fair amount of
demand uncertainty. And I think that, that improvement is going to follow the more or less a lag behind
how the virus improves. In that sense, while we forecasted a modest improvement in the first half, and we
still had Aerospace declining as it's a longer cycle, taking a while to adjust out those orders.

In the second half, we see things slowly starting to build. And what I would say is positioning for a really
good Q4, but really positioning ourselves for an excellent FY '22. Industrials are obviously going to
outpace aerospace here as far as performance, and Asia is going to -- it's going to run fast within North
America and EMEA. So that's just a little color so far on what we think for the guide.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Also, maybe a little clarification on how the cost actions work through, if we could, Tom or Cathy. I guess
the nature of my question, first, just looking at Slide 22. So should we think of discretionary actions then
as a headwind in the first quarter of roughly $125 million. So we're going from $175 million in Q4 to $50
million in Q1 and running $50 million a quarter through '21 to get to that $200 million?

Thomas L. Williams
Chairman & CEO

Jeff, it's Tom. No. Most of the discretionary things will continue in Q1, and we'll start to slowly muting
them off in Q2. And I -- so -- mostly, it's going to happen so Q1 will look a lot like Q4 or less, and Q2 will
have a small amount, and then you'll have just a very little valve-like trickle into the second half of '21.

That portion is hard to predict because it will be very much sensitive to demand, just like you saw what
we did in Q4, how it flexed based on demand, it will flex based on what happens on demand as we go
forward. But we're going to continue the discretionary, pretty much full steam for Q1, but the permanent
starts to compensate for that based on what we did in the second half and what we're doing in FY '21. To
cover those total costs, we need to come out, plus at the same time, our volume is starting to get better
as we move through those quarters.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Yes. So on the permanent then, Tom, sounds like those build over the course of the year. Is that -- can
you give us a little color on that trajectory? Is that indicative of the run rate also as you exit? Or do you
actually exit at a higher run rate than that $250 million?

Thomas L. Williams
Chairman & CEO

Well, the splits on the $250 million approximately 57% in the first half, 43% in the second half. And so
part of it's making up to $250 million is we get $130 million that's carryover from FY '20's actions. And
then we got $120 million coming from the new $65 million of costs that we're incurring in FY '21. So it's a
combination of the 2 coming in there.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

And just one last one, if I could. On cash flow, greater than 10% now doesn't sound like a real high bar.
But are you assuming now, given the performance that you've put up recently, but are you assuming some
kind of negative working capital swing into next year that would be muting the cash flow?

Thomas L. Williams
Chairman & CEO

No. Again, Jeff, it's Tom. We don't want to go backwards on that percent. The dollar has become tougher
because we're forecasting $1.2 billion less revenue. However, from a percent standpoint, CFOA margin
and recognize we had -- that was a really great year at 15%. It's -- I'm not saying we can always do that
every time. But I would -- I can tell you, I would not be happy if we came in at 10. So we're going to be
looking to be well north of that. And where we come in, we'll see what happens. But the expectation is we
will continue to work the working capital. We have opportunities still on inventory. We have opportunities
with our acquisitions on inventory and we're going to work receivables and payables like we normally do.
So I would see it being a team effort on the cash flow, just like we've always done.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So Tom, maybe just digging in a little bit further into the end market trends. I know a lot of your business
is short cycle, so there isn't a tremendous amount of visibility. But it seems like if I heard you correctly,
the modest improvement in both North America and international, I mean, is the way to think about it,
that July then, for North America, was down, let's say, north of 20%, international's still down double
digits, mid-teens?

And then I guess just -- I guess, the second part of the question is really, as you talk to your distributors,
what are they saying about inventory levels and the potential for restock?

Thomas L. Williams
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So let me start with the restocking question. So right now, we're forecasting that distribution will
continue to probably have some mild destocking for the first half, not as much as what we saw, obviously,
in Q4 with some mild destocking. To maybe give you a little bit more color on the markets. We -- so the
minus 11% at the midpoint is North America at minus 11%, international at minus 7%, Aerospace at
minus 20%.

But I want to give you a little bit more insight on international. So we're forecasting EMEA, and these are,
obviously, put a plus or minus on these numbers at minus 10%, Asia Pacific is flat, and Latin America at
minus 10%, so it's a small part of the portfolio. But we have a number of markets that, if I just give you --
I'll give you a couple of comments, and I'll try not to make this too lengthy.

Our view of end markets for FY '21 and, again, my comments are not trying to position the entire market.
I'm just speaking on how Parker is going to do. But what we saw as positive is life sciences, and we're
going to continue to see a pretty good first half on that based on the ventilator, but that will decline as
we go into second half. Power generation coming off the bottom, still being positive. Semiconductor being
positive. And then we'll have Aerospace, military OEM and Aerospace Military MRO being positive on mid-
single digits. And automotive actually being positive for the full year. And automotive will be negative for
the first half. But it turns to be a positive for the second half as we see both combustion engine volume,
and in particular, our content on EV and HEV, being such a strong bill of material there that, that will
drive a lot of growth for us in our engineered materials business. Then in the neutral category, we've got
mean material handling, mining, ag, telecommunications, refrigeration and forestry. Then on the negative
portion, for FY '21, we've got distribution now. We think distribution has reached bottom. And it started a
slight recovery except for those distributors that support oil and gas. I mentioned in my comment about
destocking. So it'll be down probably high single digits in the 5% to 10% range in the first half. Some

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

regions could be worse, turning positive in Q4. But we look at Asia being positive for distribution for the
full year.

And then on the aerospace, which is probably where people have a lot of questions, what did we assume
on the aerospace side? So commercial OEM, we assumed a minus 25% to 30%, something in that range
for the full year. And how we came up with that is we took current anticipated production rates. So the
rates that you see published by the airframers and the engine makers and times our bill of material.
Obviously, that's subject to change, but that's based on current production rates that we know of right
now.

And then on commercial MRO, we forecasted that down to minus 35% to minus 40%. And recognizing
that, that tends to follow available seat kilometers and so we got a first half being obviously more stressed
on commercial MRO at minus 50% and a second half of minus 20% to minus 30%. And then rounding out
the rest of the negative markets of construction and truck, machine tools, oil and gas, rail, tires and mills
and foundries. So that's a quick spin to the end markets that kind of how we came up with the guidance.

And I would tell you that our process, we use a process, which is similar to what we've done in the past,
where we take all the end markets, the top 20, we look at external forecasts and we build it up kind of by
end markets. We take our divisions and groups and build it up. We also take our customer distributors. But
this year, we've built an AI model, which is the first time we've ever done this. And we used the last 10
years with the data in our history to help come up with what are the interdependencies on things that will
predict our future forecast.

Now recognizing, we never had a pandemic in the past 10 years. So that's new and while the AI model
was helpful, until we have more months of the pandemic in there, it will continue to be refined. So there's
been -- there was a fair amount of science, but I would just tell you, this is a forecast, and we all know
what happens as forecasts. This is our best effort at this point to tell you what we think is going to
happen.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

That was very helpful. And my quick follow-up, and apologies if I missed it because I got cut out of the
last question, and I think Jeff asked this question.

But just thinking from a quantification perspective on the cost outs. I just want to make sure it's clear. So
for fiscal '21, you've got $450 million in cost benefits. We netting that number against the $175 million in
discretionary actions from fiscal year '20? Or what's the right number to think of it as a net benefit in fiscal
'21?

Catherine A. Suever
Executive VP of Finance & Administration and CFO

So maybe I can help you out a little bit. We're keeping the permanent savings separate from the
temporary action savings. So they're independent of each other. We did about -- the total year of fiscal
year '20 had about $76 million of cost. And we see carryover savings into fiscal '21. A lot of those costs
came through the fourth quarter. And we see the benefit coming into '21.

So of the savings you see in fiscal year '21, some comes from the actions we already took. The rest will
come -- about $120 million will come from the actions we plan to take in the -- in fiscal year '21. Those
actions will be heavily weighted into the first half, about 75% of the dollars will come through the first
half and 25% in the second half. So you'll see most of the savings coming into fiscal year '21 from those
actions.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

And lots of great detail. So no free cash flow forecast for FY '21. So should we take the cash EPS as the
best estimate for free cash flow? But we do have cash restructuring to think about. And I guess my -- my
real question is, do you think that working capital will come down in line with sales? Or are we getting to a
point now where we have to start rebuilding some during the second half of fiscal?

Catherine A. Suever
Executive VP of Finance & Administration and CFO

Good question, Nigel. Yes, you can expect that cash flow -- what we like to say for our target is more than
10%, as Tom described, 10% only would be disappointing for us at this point. If sales decline, as we're
projecting, then we would expect working capital to come out accordingly as we typically do. We're very
good at pulling that working capital down as the volume comes down.

The improvements that we talked about in the second half or in the fourth quarter, keep in mind, is talking
against some pretty low comparables. So it shows improvement year-over-year, but it's not a significant
dollar increase in terms of volume. So it would not require significant working capital in the fourth quarter.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Great. And then my follow-on is on price. It doesn't feel like there's a lot of price pressure across cap
goods right now. And clearly, your margin performance suggests you're not seeing much price either. But
commercial aero is an area where we -- there are some concerns. I'm just curious if you are seeing some
price concession requests or some give backs to your OEM customers in commercial aero?

Lee C. Banks
President, COO & Director

Nigel, it's Lee. I would -- maybe I'll just couple that with commodity material inflation. We do see some
modest material inflation across the channels. But our goal always has been, from a cost price standpoint,
to be margin neutral. And we still expect that to happen this coming fiscal year.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin with Bank of America. .

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Great quarter, by the way. Just first question, I guess, on supply chains, a, both global and North America.
A, have you seen any disruption, shipping stuff from Asia to North America and also Mexico to the U.S.?
And have you made any adjustments to your supply chains post-COVID? Are you thinking about making
structural adjustments?

Thomas L. Williams
Chairman & CEO

Andrew, it's Tom. So I would take you back to, really, our strategy of what has been a long-term strategy
in supply chain that we make, buy, sell local and local. It helps us a lot on this, and that we do not have a
tremendous amount of cross continent type of activity. We've not seen any disruption that's been material
of nature. The supply chain team has done a really great job. And part of our protocol is always we look at
risk mitigation, and we look at the solvency of suppliers and their ability to deliver.

We always look at that and make sure that things are in good shape, and we don't see any major things
to worry about there. But this is an opportunity for us as our customers look at this, and they may have
supply chains that are different than the way we're structured. And as that happens, and not that we've
seen it of any material standpoint yet, that will provide a revenue opportunity for us as they move plans or
relocate things. We have an opportunity since we have a global footprint to satisfy them as they move.

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Can -- I guess, a follow-up question on inventories in the channel and both distributors and sort of OEs.
A, we really -- since the great financial crisis, we really haven't seen a big restocking cycle. Do you think
we're going to get one after COVID? I know you said people have sort of destocked a little bit. But are we
going to see you think anything material coming out of it?

And the second thing, what can you tell us about sort of the bullwhip effect of your OE customers, how
much this sort of distorts sales and what do you see in the channel?

Thomas L. Williams
Chairman & CEO

Andrew, I can start. If Lee has anything to add, he can add on it. I think what you see with both the OE
-- a lot of your question, the answer will be the trajectory of any kind of recovery. At this point, based
on what we're -- just gave you as guidance, we're projecting a modest recovery, not some sharp type of
recovery. If it's sharper, then I do think you'll see some restocking type of opportunities. But based on
what we're projecting, I think you're going to see just normal kind of end pull-through type of stocking.

So we saw a pretty major destocking in Q4. We think some of that will continue at a lower rate in both OE
and distribution in the first half. But I think the restocking opportunity, we're not projecting or counting on
any of that right now. But if the trajectory or the recovery was to be a lot more sharp, then obviously, I
think people would be looking at that as something they need to do.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of David Raso with Evercore ISI.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I'm trying to better understand the margin guide for the year. Now you're looking at the guidance with
amortization excluded. So you're guiding 18.9% goes down to 18.1%, which seems, let's say, reasonable.
But given amortization this year, is it going to be a lot more helpful to the margins than last year? Last
year, it added 210 bps. Given your sales guide, it adds 260. So when you strip that away and we have
more history, looking at before this change of how you're reporting, you're implying the margins before
amortization being pulled out at %15.5, that's on the $12.5 billion sales base. The last time you had
margins that low, revenues were $1 billion or $0.5 billion less than what you're guiding. And just given the
improvement the company has been showing on margin, I'm just making sure, is that what we're trying
to suggest that the margins, the old way you used to report it before you pulled out amortization, the
margins are going to be down at 15.5%? That just seems $0.5 billion or $1 billion less than some years
back when you're doing 15.8% or 14.8%. I'm just trying to understand, why would the margins be that
low? I mean aerospace mix issue a little bit. But can you just help us level set why it would be lower than
even years ago when revenues were even lower?

Thomas L. Williams
Chairman & CEO

David, it's Tom. I'll start. I'll let Cathy add on. First of all, it's a little bit difficult. You do have to back
out acquisitions because acquisitions in the first quarter do throw out the MROS a little bit. So if you --
and we can share this with you more privately in a one-on-one you'll have with Robin and Jeff. With the
decrementals, without acquisitions, and we kept them in when they lapped, are in that 25% to 30%
range. For a guidance and in uncertain times, that is a really good guide on MROS. So the MROS has come
out to be appropriately positioned.

When you look at the respective segments, so North America at 18.9% versus 93. Again, this is on
making apples-to-apples amortization, put back in both years. We had 11% volume drop, and we have a
mobile mix headwind. So that seems -- dropping 40 bps seems reasonable. International, we've got lower
volume, and so that's dropping 30 bps, 17.1% versus 17.4%. And aerospace drops the most, which is
what helped a lot here in FY '20, from 20.5% to 17.9%. And the big difference there is the international
military MRO that we had, which really gave us a strong fourth quarter. And then they had the most

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

severe volume drop for the full year at 20% organically. So I think these are really good numbers, MROSs
for an August guide are best-in-class as far as what we would guide to. I can tell you, we've never ever
guided to a 25%, 30% MROS. We always typically guided higher to that 30% range. So we are reflecting
how the business has gotten better, but we're also forecasting into a very uncertain period of time. Hence,
why we didn't go down to the teens because that's a difficult thing to repeat.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Yes. I think, Tom, when you strip out the change and you look at a pre adding back amortization, what
really sticks out is international, which just put up margins year-over-year through the amortization add
back. And last year, in total, did 15.9% and you're guiding at around 14.8% with a decremental of around
40%. And I'm just trying to understand, is there's something unique going on internationally. Pre adding
back more amortization -- something going on in international with the mix? Is there something I'm
missing?

Thomas L. Williams
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Part of it -- for me, international, there's is a lot less amortization that's getting allocated. So
you got to look at both years with amortization in, and that's why I was articulating to you. FY '20
with amortization all-in is 17.4%. It's only dropping to 17.1%. So it is not much of a drop at all for
international, and it matches what you would expect with the kind of volume drop. So I think part of the
issue is...

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

We'll talk offline about the add-backs for -- by section.

Thomas L. Williams
Chairman & CEO

Yes. You're throwing in international amortization as if it has the bulk of the amortization. The bulk of the
amortization would reside in North America.

David Michael Raso
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Yes, I'm just taking the quarter you just reported and times-ing it by 4, essentially keeping it as a run rate
by quarter. So maybe Robin or Cathy offline, we can get the exact add back by segment for '21 would be
great.

Thomas L. Williams
Chairman & CEO

Yes.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel.

Nathan Hardie Jones
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I've got one that's probably for Lee. Can you guys talk about what kind of friction you're seeing in your
own operations from safety protocols that you've had to put in as part of your processes, whether that's
changing how the U-shaped cells are laid out or anything like that or additional costs that you've incurred
and if that's meaningful to your results? And then are there plans for you to be able to improve those
processes and eliminate some or all of those frictions as we go forward?

Lee C. Banks
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

President, COO & Director

Nate, that's a great question. Thank you. First off, because I know there's a lot of team members
listening, I can't say enough about what our worldwide team has done in putting in these safety protocols.
We've been audited by a lot of outside governments, and they always applaud what we're doing internally
to separate things out and keep our workers safe. But -- yes, there's a cost. It's not material to put things
up. But it's remarkable what our teams continue to do in terms of reconfiguring ourselves, still getting the
same productivity flow but separating our workers from each other, giving them the space, giving them
the, in many cases, plexiglass separations and just organizing a production system that is consistent with
our lean production system, it gives us excellent flow and keeps everybody safe. So nothing meaningful to
talk about, doing a great job and the results, I think, prove it out.

Nathan Hardie Jones
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Fair enough. Maybe on capital allocation, Tom, we're getting down to net debt in the low 3, probably by
this time next year, it's going to be in the 2.5, maybe a little bit better than that even. Depending on
how the recovery goes. When -- how are you guys thinking about when to reenter the M&A market in a
meaningful fashion, what kind of leverage metrics do you need to get down to before you look at that?
And how is the cultivation of the pipeline going in the meantime?

Catherine A. Suever
Executive VP of Finance & Administration and CFO

Nathan, I'm going to start with that, and then I'll turn it over to Tom. I'd like to recalibrate you a little bit.
Keep in mind that EBITDA is dropping. So the denominator gets a little bit more difficult. I think 2.5x next
year is a pretty aggressive projection and not what we're anticipating we'll be able to do. So Tom, you
want to comment?

Thomas L. Williams
Chairman & CEO

But on that -- yes. So we are probably going to be still north of 3 when we finish. But obviously, we're
going to do what we possibly can. You saw the pace of debt reduction we did this last fiscal year. But on
acquisitions, we continue to always build those relationships and look at those strategic targets and have
those discussions. But we're not going to enter into those until we get the M&A -- get the leverage down
into those low 2s and we're going to work very hard. As soon as we can get there, the better we'll do.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of John Inch with Gordon Haskett.

John George Inch
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

Cathy, could you comment a little bit on the first quarter expectations for core growth? And obviously, the
genesis of my question is, you've got North American orders and international orders much worse than the
core growth you just put up and then an outlook that shows a substantial top line rebound, right, in all of
fiscal '21. So I'm assuming we're heading to a pretty tough next quarter or 2. Is there anything you could
say about that?

Thomas L. Williams
Chairman & CEO

John, it's Tom. So similar to what I mentioned when I went through the first half, the first half is going
to be minus 19% for the total company and North America is going to get a little better, minus 25%
last quarter to minus 21% and international minus 15% and minus 12%. So we see that gradually
improvement. It'll be a little bit in Q1 and a little bit more in Q2. The only thing that will weaken will be
Aerospace as Aerospace is longer cycle, we'll be finding bottom. Probably most likely kind of in the middle
of the year is when Aerospace finds the bottom.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

John George Inch
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

And do you expect these businesses to go turn positive by the end of fiscal '21 just as part of your guide
or still hovering negative?

Thomas L. Williams
Chairman & CEO

Yes. No, yes. We got -- in Q4, it'll be probably plus high single digits on the industrial portion. And
Aerospace still trying to get back to even.

John George Inch
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

Got it. Yes. Apologies if you went over this before, there are just a lot of moving parts. I wanted to ask
you then, as a follow-up, the structural actions. I guess I was under a bit of an impression that the
company was not looking to take structural actions based on all of the work that you've done before. So
Tom, I'm wondering kind of what perhaps -- maybe I got that wrong. But was there something that did
trigger your thought process to go ahead and take structural actions like you think the outlook merited
as the quarter proceeded? And can you tell us anything about sort of how you're allocating these actions
across, say, Aerospace versus international versus the domestic ops?

Thomas L. Williams
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I'll give you kind of more the strategic piece. I can let Cathy comment as far as within the segments.
But when looked at it, John, we looked at Aerospace, oil and gas, going to be down for long. And so we
needed to take structural actions there. And we also just looked at the trajectory here and the opportunity
between all the things we've been doing for even more continuous improvement regarding the structure of
the company. So that's why we're looking at permanent.

If this was to bounce back sharply already, would not be doing it, but based on the fact that this is going
to be a little longer trajectory, and we have some certain end markets that are down for probably several
years. We wanted to take the actions now to get in the right position. And we really felt that way as we're
going through it at the end of Q4, and that's why we took those actions. So the actions we took in Q4 are
really helping us springboard into FY '21 on our savings. I don't know if Cathy wants to add on as far as
how it's going to split between the segments or not.

Catherine A. Suever
Executive VP of Finance & Administration and CFO

Yes. For FY '21, John, the split will be -- about half of the costs will be through the international
operations. And then the remaining 50% will be fairly evenly split between Aerospace and North America.
And keep in mind that these actions are more workforce-related than they are asset-related.

Thomas L. Williams
Chairman & CEO

I guess I would just add on, John, one thing that we did by structuring about a 50-50 blend permanent
discretionary is it gives us the flexibility to move depending on what happens on demand.

John George Inch
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

I'm sorry, I don't understand. The permanent discretionary gives you the flexibility to what?

Thomas L. Williams
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

To move based on demand. As an example, if we just made all permanent action, you probably have a
little less flexibility. By doing a mixture of both, we get a little more flexibility. And we're not taking out
assets, which gives you even more flexibility. You can obviously add people back in.

Catherine A. Suever
Executive VP of Finance & Administration and CFO

In respect of everyone's day, we're going to take one more question and then let you go.

Operator

Our last question comes from the line of Andy Casey with Wells Fargo Securities.

Andrew Millard Casey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I guess it dovetails with John's last question on the concept of workforce versus assets within the
restructuring. Can you comment on, as other companies may have done similar things, whether your
experience with this pandemic has accelerated stuff you've already had in the pipeline? And what sort of
things might those be?

Thomas L. Williams
Chairman & CEO

Andy, it's Tom. So we always look at how to continuously get better as far as our people and how we
deploy them and that's a combination of lean and kaizen and simplification, all those type of things. So I
would say we always have a pipeline of those types of ideas, the groups and the divisions do. And when
you run into where volume is down, if this volume is going to be down for longer, some of those things get
accelerated. Clearly, when we look at the most distressed end markets, that is causing us to take more
aggressive action in there because we don't expect them to come back aerospace as an example anytime
soon. But we always look at -- to get better, on the structure of the company. And I would say that this is
that plus our response to the end markets that are being the most distressed.

Andrew Millard Casey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then the last question, there have been quite a few questions around this. But if I take the
midpoint of the first half, second half framework that Cathy put out the decremental margins with all the
adjustments are slightly above 30% in the first half and then kind of high 20s in the second half. Is that
difference -- I know I'm splitting hairs a little bit, but is that difference really mix related and the impact of
acquisitions? Or is there something else?

Thomas L. Williams
Chairman & CEO

No. Andy, you summarized it because when you take out the acquisitions, and only have them when
they've lapped so it's apples-to-apples, the decrementals are in the 25% to 30% range is what I've been
saying. So that's pretty good because, to your point, mix is not going to help us next year as well.

Catherine A. Suever
Executive VP of Finance & Administration and CFO

So this concludes our Q&A and our earnings call. Thank you, everybody, for joining us today. Robin and
Jeff will be available to take your call should you have further questions. We appreciate your time this
morning. Enjoy the rest of your day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

PARKER-HANNIFIN CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

