PepsiCo, Inc. NasdaqGS:PEP
FQ3 2020 Pre Recorded Earnings Call 
Transcripts
Thursday, October 01, 2020 12:00 AM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.25

1.49

Revenue  (mm)

15472.04

17238.53

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Sep-29-2020 11:55 AM GMT

11.41

4.95

5.37

67987.74

5.88

-

5.94

71372.65

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

1.51

1.45

1.03

1.25

1.56

1.45

1.07

1.32

COPYRIGHT © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3.31 %

0.00 %

3.88 %

5.60 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

3

4

COPYRIGHT © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
PEPSICO, INC. FQ3 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 01, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Hugh F. Johnston
Vice Chairman, Executive VP &
CFO

Ramon Luis Laguarta
Chairman & CEO

Ravi Pamnani
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

PEPSICO, INC. FQ3 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 01, 2020

Presentation

Ravi Pamnani
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, everyone, and welcome to this prerecorded management discussion of PepsiCo's third
quarter earnings results. My name is Ravi Pamnani, and I am the Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations at PepsiCo. Joining me today are PepsiCo's Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta; and PepsiCo's
Vice Chairman and CFO, Hugh Johnston.

Before we begin, please take note of our cautionary statement. We will make forward-looking statements
on today's call, including about our business plans and 2020 guidance and the potential impact of
the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and
uncertainties and only reflect our view as of today, October 1, and we are under no obligation to update.

When discussing our results, we refer to non-GAAP measures, which exclude certain items from reported
results. Please refer to today's earnings release and 10-Q available on pepsico.com for definitions and
reconciliations of non-GAAP measures and additional information regarding our results, including a
discussion of factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from forward-looking statements.

As a reminder, our financial results in the United States and Canada or North America are reported on a
12-week basis, while substantially all of our international operations report on a monthly calendar basis for
which the months of June, July and August are reflected in our results for the 12 weeks ended September
5, 2020.

And now it's my pleasure to introduce our Chairman and CEO, Ramon Laguarta.

Ramon Luis Laguarta
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Ravi, and good morning, everyone. My agenda today will include a detailed discussion of
our business performance and a reiteration of the guiding principles and priorities on becoming a faster,
stronger and better company. I will then turn it over to Hugh for additional perspectives on our financial
results and 2020 outlook.

But before I start the business review, I'd like to note that I am very pleased with how our people
and businesses have performed in what continues to be a complex and volatile environment. As this
environment continues to evolve, we remain very focused on controlling what we can with an unwavering
commitment to keeping our employees safe, servicing our customers to the very best of our abilities and
supporting our communities in both good and difficult times.

The dedication and resilience of our employees have been nothing short of exemplary during these times,
and I want to thank them for everything they do.

Now with respect to our business performance, our organic revenue growth accelerated in the third
quarter. Our global snacks and food business remained resilient, while our global beverage business
returned to growth. Specifically, our Q3 organic revenue growth accelerated to 4.2%, with both our
North America and international businesses, delivering mid-single-digit growth. Our global snacks and
food businesses delivered 6% organic revenue growth, while our global beverage business delivered 3%
organic revenue growth. The global beverage business meaningfully improved versus the previous quarter
with especially encouraging results in our PepsiCo Beverages North America division.

Core constant currency operating profit increased 5%, and reflect that increase in our advertising and
marketing spend, and core constant currency EPS increased 9%.

Now starting with North America snacks and food, both Frito-Lay and Quaker Foods continued to deliver
robust growth as at-home consumption trends have remained strong despite the measured reopening
of economies and activities in certain areas since May. Frito-Lay sustained its strength with 6% organic

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

PEPSICO, INC. FQ3 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 01, 2020

revenue growth and gained market share in the macro snack category in the quarter. These results were
powered by strong net revenue growth across each of our billion-dollar brands, including double-digit
growth for Tostitos, high single-digit growth for Cheetos and mid-single-digit growth for Doritos and
Ruffles.

We also saw continued strength in the e-commerce and large-format channels, while trends in the
convenience and gas channel meaningfully improved versus the previous quarter.

And finally, Frito's core constant currency operating profit increased 4% in the quarter, which included a
strong double-digit increase in advertising and marketing spend and additional COVID-19-related costs.

Quaker Foods delivered 6% organic revenue growth, along with an improvement in household penetration
rates in the quarter. Quaker's revenue growth was in line with what we had expected, and consistent with
where the business was trending after economies in certain areas began to reopen during the second
quarter. Quaker's third quarter performance included strong double-digit net revenue growth in light
snacks and side dishes, such as pasta and macaroni and cheese. Pancake mixes and syrup sales increased
at a high single-digit rate, while both hot and ready-to-eat cereal also delivered good growth. Quaker's
strong net revenue growth and cost management initiatives resulted in 170 basis point increase in core
operating margin and 14% increase in core constant currency operating profit.

Now I will turn to our North America Beverages business where we delivered a strong improvement in
results, with 3% organic revenue growth and 12% core constant currency operating growth.

Many of our large brands performed well with double-digit net revenue growth for bubly, Lipton and
Starbucks, high single-digit growth for Gatorade, mid-single-digit growth for Mountain Dew and Tropicana,
and low single-digit growth for Pepsi.

Innovation has continued to play an important role in the portfolio. For example, Gatorade Zero, bubly and
Mountain Dew Zero Sugar, in aggregate, have delivered more than $1 billion in retail sales on a year-to-
date basis. We also continue to invest in our successful Pepsi Zero Sugar product, which has grown in its
retail sales by more than 30% year-to-date.

From a channel performance perspective, both the large-format and convenience and gas channels
delivered strong growth while the decline in foodservice channel moderated. Our market share trend
within the liquid refreshment beverage category improved versus the previous quarter, and we gained
market share in the coffee, tea and juice categories. We also executed well on our net revenue
management initiatives in larger categories such as carbonated soft drinks and sports drinks.

In addition, our expanded presence in the energy category contributed to our net reported growth and
reported operating profit in the quarter. We are very excited about our expanded presence in this highly
profitable category with our recent acquisition of Rockstar and distribution agreement with Bang.

Our focus will remain on improving the performance and marketplace execution of these terrific brands
while also effectively competing in the category with existing brands such as Mountain Dew. Overall, I'm
very pleased with PBNA's performance during the third quarter. I'm encouraged by our North America
energy integration process as it nears its completion.

Moving forward, I remain optimistic about the long-term potential of the North America Beverage business
and believe we have the right plans and portfolio in place to deliver sustainable growth and margin
expansion over time.

In summary, our North America businesses performed well in the quarter, and we expect our snacks
and food business to remain resilient while our beverage business should sustain its momentum for the
balance of this year.

Now I will turn to our international businesses which improved meaningfully versus the previous quarter
and delivered 4% organic revenue growth in the third quarter.

Our international snacks business remained very resilient and delivered 5% organic revenue growth
while our international beverage organic revenue increased nearly 2% as pandemic-related closures

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

PEPSICO, INC. FQ3 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 01, 2020

and restrictions eased to a certain extent in some markets. Within our international markets, developed
market organic revenue growth increased 8% and outpaced developing and emerging markets, which
increased 2%. Some notable highlights include double-digit organic revenue growth in France, Australia
and Brazil, high single-digit growth in India and mid-single-digit growth in the U.K., China and Russia.

We gained savory share in many of our key snack markets, including Mexico, Brazil, China and Russia. And
for beverages, we gained share in the U.K., Russia, Turkey, France, Germany and Thailand. And finally,
we again delivered strong double-digit net revenue growth in our SodaStream business, as consumers
continue to adopt this environmentally friendly, convenient at-home beverage system.

Now to touch on the outlook for our international businesses, we expect our snack business to remain
resilient while the recovery for our beverage business may take more time due to ongoing and reinstated
pandemic-related restrictions and closures as it relates to certain channels.

From a geographical perspective, we continue to expect our performance to vary between developed
and developing and emerging markets due to differences in pandemic-related impacts and responses,
disposable income and affordability metrics, foreign exchange dynamics and fiscal and monetary policy
support.

To conclude, I believe our overall business is performing well and is benefiting from the diversity and
breadth of our portfolio and strategic actions we have taken to complement our growth agenda. We are
content with your composition of our portfolio and are more focused now on maximizing the full potential
of our existing and recently acquired assets to drive improved growth and returns over time as we aim to
become an even faster, stronger and better organization.

And I'd like to spend a few minutes on reinforcing this strategic framework that prioritizes our actions and
behaviors within the company. When we say faster, we mean that we must win in the marketplace and
improve market share by being more consumer-centric and investing in both large, established brands and
smaller emerging brands to accelerate our growth.

Our key priorities to become faster include: sustaining or improving growth and market share in our high-
return snacks and food businesses in North America; improving the profitability of our North America
Beverage business and capturing our fair share of category growth; accelerating our growth and presence
in international snacks and food while investing wisely in beverages to balance between growth and
returns; and making the necessary investments in our manufacturing capacity, go-to-market systems
and digital initiatives such as improving our presence and scale in our e-commerce business, which nearly
doubled during the third quarter.

When we say Stronger, we mean that we must continue to transform our cost structure, capabilities and
culture. Our priorities here include a renewed focus on driving holistic cost management throughout all
our organization to support our investments in advantaged capabilities such as: a highly agile and flexible
end-to-end value chain; more precision around revenue management; investing in data analytics that can
provide more granularity around consumer insights; and we continue to invest to further expand global
business services into new capabilities, which will enable better insight and support for our businesses at a
much lower cost.

With respect to transforming our culture, we're committed to diversifying our workforce, balancing
internal views with more outside-in thinking, and reinforcing the PepsiCo way, where we emphasize that
employees act like owners to get things done quickly.

And when we say better, we're focused on further integrating purpose into our business strategy
and brands by becoming planet positive, strengthening our roots in our community and advancing
social justice. For example, we're committed to becoming planet positive by supporting practices and
technologies that improve farmer livelihoods and agricultural resiliency. We're also focused on using
precious resources such as water more efficiently, accelerating our efforts to reduce greenhouse gas
emissions throughout our value chain, and driving progress towards a world where plastics need never
become waste by focusing on reducing, recycling, and reinventing packaging.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

PEPSICO, INC. FQ3 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 01, 2020

And when it comes to our people across the value chain, PepsiCo remains committed to advancing respect
for human rights, building diverse and inclusive workplaces, and investing to promote shared prosperity in
local communities where we live and work.

In summary, I believe we're executing well against our strategic framework and remain well positioned
for future success with our portfolio of large, trusted brands that participate in attractive and growing
categories; a team of trusted and highly seasoned business leaders; a very powerful go-to-market
distribution system; and an agile end-to-end supply chain network.

Before I conclude my portion of this discussion today and turn it over to Hugh, I want to reiterate that I'm
incredibly proud of the way our organization has executed and performed to what has been an incredibly
complex and dynamic environment, and I want to thank everyone again for their dedication and efforts.

With that, I'll turn it over to Hugh.

Hugh F. Johnston
Vice Chairman, Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Ramon, and good morning, everyone. As Ramon covered in detail, our business performance
improved in the third quarter, and we delivered 4.2% organic revenue growth. I'll focus my commentary
on our profit performance and financial outlook for 2020.

From a margin perspective, our core gross margin declined 60 basis points in the quarter. The year-over-
year decline is driven by our recently completed acquisitions of Pioneer Foods and Be & Cherry and certain
COVID-19-related costs included in our cost of goods sold.

Our core operating margin decline moderated and was down 40 basis points in the quarter as we
increased our advertising and marketing spend and experienced $147 million of higher labor, personal
protective equipment and logistics and service costs associated with COVID-19. When excluding the
incremental COVID-19-related costs, our core operating margin increased 40 basis points.

We expect some of the COVID-19-related cost to persist and remain committed to making the necessary
long-term investments to support our employees and customers while also investing in capabilities that
drive competitive advantages for our business.

To mitigate some of these challenges, we have continued our efforts to control what we can. This includes
tightly managing our discretionary expenses, reducing nonessential advertising and marketing spend to
reflect the realities of the current environment, and sharpening our revenue management capabilities
across brands and packages.

Now as we look forward, and consistent with Ramon's earlier comments, we do expect our North America
businesses to remain resilient for the balance of the year while the recoveries across international markets
will likely remain uneven across both developed and developing and emerging markets.

So based on what we can reasonably predict for the balance of this year, we are updating our full year
guidance and now expect organic revenue growth of approximately 4% and core earnings per share of
approximately $5.50, and we continue to expect a core annual effective tax rate of approximately 21%.

Based on current market consensus rates, we now expect foreign exchange translation headwinds to
negatively impact our net revenue and core earnings per share performance by negative 2 percentage
points, and this expectation is reflected in our core EPS guidance.

With respect to cash flow, we now expect full year cash flow of approximately $6 billion, which reflects net
capital spending of approximately $4 billion and continue to expect total cash returns to shareholders of
approximately $7.5 billion, comprised of dividends of $5.5 billion and share repurchases of $2 billion.

Our expected cash returns reflect a 7% increase in the annualized dividend per share that began in June.
This represented the company's 48th consecutive annual dividend per share increase.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

PEPSICO, INC. FQ3 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 01, 2020

With respect to our liquidity and balance sheet, we continue to believe that we have ample flexibility to
meet the reinvestment needs of the business and return cash to shareholders.
With that, we conclude our prepared remarks for today. We thank you for your time and the confidence
you've placed in us with your investment. We invite you to listen to our live question-and-answer webcast,
which will begin today at 8:15 a.m. Eastern Time and will be available on pepsico.com.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

PEPSICO, INC. FQ3 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 01, 2020

Copyright © 2022 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

