PerkinElmer, Inc. NYSE:PKI
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, July 28, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.88

Revenue  (mm)

716.99

1.57

811.91

78.41

13.24

1.09

4.06

4.67

751.41

3008.02

3175.27

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-27-2020 6:13 AM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.01

1.33

0.52

0.88

1.06

1.35

0.67

1.57

4.95 %

1.50 %

28.85 %

78.41 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
PERKINELMER, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Bryan Kipp
Vice President of Investor
Relations

James M. Mock
Senior VP & CFO

Prahlad R. Singh
CEO, President & Director

ANALYSTS

Catherine Walden Ramsey
Schulte
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Daniel Anthony Arias
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Derik De Bruin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Doug Schenkel
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Stephen Barr Willoughby
Cleveland Research Company

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

PERKINELMER, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Presentation

Bryan Kipp
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, and welcome to the PerkinElmer Second Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. With me on today's call are Prahlad Singh, President and Chief Executive Officer;
and Jamey Mock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. If you have not received a
copy of our earnings press release, you may get one from the Investors section of our website at
www.perkinelmer.com.

Please note, this call is being webcast live and will be archived on our website until August 11, 2020.

Before we begin, we need to remind everyone of the safe harbor statements that we have outlined in
our earnings press release issued earlier this afternoon and also those in our SEC filings. Statements
or comments made on this call may be forward-looking statements, which may include, but are not
necessarily limited to, financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives,
expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's actual
results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested by any forward-looking statements due
to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail on our SEC filings. Any forward-looking statements
made today represent our views only as of today. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking
statements in the future even if our estimates change, so you should not rely on any of today's forward-
looking statements as representing our views as of any other date after today.

During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the
non-GAAP financial measures we plan to use during this call to the most directly comparable GAAP
measures is available as an attachment to our earnings press release. To the extent we use non-GAAP
financial measures during this call that are not reconciled to GAAP in that attachment, we will provide
reconciliations promptly.

I am now pleased to introduce the President and Chief Executive Officer of PerkinElmer, Prahlad Singh.
Prahlad?

Prahlad R. Singh
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Bryan, and good afternoon, everyone. To start, I could not be more proud of how we, at
PerkinElmer, have met the obstacles that have faced us the past few months. We have proven to be a
resilient, responsive and agile organization. Individually and collectively, we are all being presented with
new challenges, big and small, every single day. At PerkinElmer, our employees have met these challenges
by rallying and responding to a call to action to help during the global pandemic.

As I mentioned on our first quarter call, improving lives is in PerkinElmer's DNA. It is what impassions
our team. The energy and purpose that pervaded throughout the organization during the second quarter
was palpable. I felt it daily, and I recognize the same passion in the countless number of employees who
went above and beyond. Whether through late night time-sensitive discussions with hospitals, health care
systems and governments to determine the best way to quickly ramp up COVID-19 testing, rapidly scaling
our test kit assembly to fulfill urgent customer needs or personally delivering products to testing sites,
PerkinElmer colleagues demonstrated over and over again the very passion, perseverance and purpose
that underpins our culture.

Our strong second quarter results were truly a team effort and further reinforced the diversity of our
business from a portfolio and geographic standpoint. Jamey will speak in more detail about our second
quarter performance. However, overall, we delivered very strong top and bottom line results despite
severe macroeconomic headwinds. Our COVID-related sales contributed $196 million, 27% growth. And
our non-COVID or core portfolio declined 14% organically, with Diagnostics, excluding COVID, declining
20% and Discovery & Analytical Solutions declining 10% compared to the second quarter of last year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

PERKINELMER, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

In terms of profitability, we delivered the best quarter of profitability since the creation of the modern-day
PerkinElmer in 1999, with 28% adjusted operating margins. And we grew our adjusted earnings per share
over 50% and our adjusted free cash flow by over 200% compared to the second quarter of 2019.

PerkinElmer, as an organization, has dramatically transformed over the past year. Not only did we
undertake the largest organizational transformation in our company's history last summer, but
unbeknownst to us then, we made the changes months ahead of the largest global pandemic in over a
century. At the time, the change was a conscious decision to better position PerkinElmer for the future.
We needed to become a more collaborative, responsive and nimble organization. We thought the progress
would be iterative, and it would take years before bearing real fruit. However, looking back, the timing
could not have been more ideal. Our first half performance in 2020 validates that the actions taken were
the right decisions. We've reduced red tape, promoted cross-functional collaboration, and we've struck a
cord with employees that has resulted in our launching breakthrough innovations at the fastest clip I have
ever seen in my career.

While I could easily do so, I will refrain from spending the next hour talking through all our recent product
introductions because I know you have a lot of questions teed up for Q&A, but we have launched over a
dozen new products and solutions to help combat COVID through the first 7 months of the year, and we
have several more COVID-related products and solutions in the pipeline. Additionally, we have launched
13 non-COVID products year-to-date, with one of the most significant being the NexION 5000, a true
multi-quadruple ICP-MS, which delivers performance beyond high-resolution ICP-MS and traditional triple-
quad technology, with phenomenal stability and unmatched matrix tolerance. We also expanded our
flagship cellular imaging portfolio with the launch of the Opera Phenix Plus, which marries our premium
high-content screening system with a fully automated liquid handling option and fast imaging frame rate,
allowing researchers to tackle fast response assays ideal for cardiology and neurology research.

If you recall from our first quarter earnings call, 1 of our 4 guiding principles during the pandemic was to
utilize our expansive capabilities to join the fight against COVID-19. We remain committed to doing so. We
see the future COVID diagnostics landscape splitting into 2 broad categories: direct viral detection; and
immune insights. There will be many different types of tests that will be needed. In response to that need,
we are actively investigating additional solutions to help on both fronts.

On the viral detection side, in addition to our full suite of PCR solutions, we are looking to add both point-
of-care and ELISA antigen testing as well as a respiratory panel that brings together COVID and flu that
we hope will be commercially available before the start of the flu season in the fall.

On immune insights, we believe that antibodies are only part of the story. There has been increasing
COVID-related research into innate or cell-mediated immunity over the past few months as some recent
work suggests that not all infected patients appear to have a durable circulating antibody response.
As a result, we have several assays in development that we hope will aid researchers and clinicians in
understanding how the broader immune system may help confer protection, including a patient's T cell
response, cytokine levels or cellular damage.

PerkinElmer has a storied history of being at the forefront of innovation in the analytical tools industry. Our
teams are passionate about developing solutions that address unmet needs or solve common customer
pain points in the markets we operate. We have and will always lead with science. Specific to COVID,
this has been no different. From our R&D team in Taichung, to our manufacturing groups in Turku and
Texas, to our scientists in Lübeck, we ran full speed ahead with the confidence we have always had in our
capabilities and technologies and never looked back. Each of our COVID offerings, spanning RT-PCR, high-
throughput RNA extraction, automation, ELISA and lateral flow-based serology testing, have proved vital
for specialty and reference diagnostics labs, clinics, hospitals, pharmaceuticals and biopharmaceutical labs,
academia and governmental and research institutes in combating the pandemic.

Underlying our science is our customer-first approach that has earned us the trust of so many. Our
commitment to producing and delivering high-quality COVID tests, especially in light of shortages and
bottlenecks and pockets around the world, has proven to be and will continue to be a differentiator.
In fact, we are now live-streaming our turnaround time for the delivery of COVID tests to increase

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

PERKINELMER, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

transparency and allow testing centers to maintain maximum capacity and enable labs to rapidly respond
to evolving public health needs.

Having our own network of clinical labs has also been a competitive advantage for PerkinElmer during this
crisis. The PerkinElmer genomics team has been instrumental in helping PerkinElmer be at the forefront
during the pandemic. We have been able to respond more quickly to market needs because we are one of
the only life sciences and diagnostics companies with a clear end cap-certified internal commercial testing
lab. Our lab in Pittsburgh allows us to rigorously test our full suite of solutions to better optimize them
for our customers. It also allows us to actively demo full workflow solutions in a real-time clinical setting
for labs across the globe looking to scale. And it affords us the ability to develop and validate testing in-
house.

Combating COVID has energized our organization and enhanced our ability to deliver what our customers
need in the most agile way with science they can trust. Moreover, the brand equity we have built up from
new partnerships in the wake of COVID has opened doors to larger, even more impactful opportunities to
make a difference. For example, governments around the world have chosen to partner with PerkinElmer
on milestone collaborations, such as our partnership with Public Health Wales. We are honored to work
with them, and we are filled with gratitude for the feedback they provided in their recent press release on
the collaboration.

We have engaged in similar collaborations across the world, setting up labs, providing around-the-clock
support and swiftly delivering instruments and reagents to various top hospitals, national ministries
of health, networks of labs and testing companies as well as state health organizations. For example,
we recently announced collaborations with Semaphore as well as with Sonora Quest Labs through its
partnership with the state of Arizona. We also teamed up with the Texas Department of State Health
Services and the Georgia Esoteric and Molecular Laboratory.

At our EUROIMMUN site in Lübeck, Germany, we received a visit from the Prime Minister of the region to
learn more about our test systems, automation solutions and software. From drive-thru testing in Brazil,
to labs in New Zealand, PerkinElmer's global footprint helped us make a global impact.

Again, much has changed at PerkinElmer over the past year. While there is a lot of uncertainty in
the world, our focus and determination to help is resolute. I am humbled by and proud of our entire
organization. Our 13,000 employees have and continue to go above and beyond. To them, I say thank
you.

As I close my prepared remarks, I want to take a moment and make some general comments. Setting
COVID aside, we are all living in a challenging and ever-changing world, whether it is due to climate
change, important social justice issues or increasing constraints on global resources. At PerkinElmer,
we need to do more to be a part of the solution. We need to take a more proactive role to be better,
to do better. Ask any PerkinElmer employee, and they will tell you the same thing. We do what we do
because we are passionate about helping people. It's personal, but it also extends beyond the individual.
It includes helping our communities and our planet.

It was very timely that during the second quarter, we debuted our latest corporate social responsibility
report, which put a stake in the ground for PerkinElmer as we enter an era where our voice as a company
needs to ring even louder. I invite you to read this report and share your feedback with us since we are all
truly in this together to make the world a better place.

With that, I will turn it over to Jamey to discuss our financial results in more detail. Jamey?

James M. Mock
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Prahlad, and good evening, everyone. To start, I hope you are all safe and doing well. I would like
to echo Prahlad's comments by thanking the global team at PerkinElmer. We've all been through a lot of
change over the past 18 months, and our team's passion and dedication has been amazing. So a big thank
you to everyone.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

PERKINELMER, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Over the past 3 months, I spent a disproportionate amount of my time working with our segment leaders,
especially within our applied and food businesses, to understand our go-to-market strategy, competitive
advantages and future opportunities. We evaluated the product pipeline, strategy and profitability of these
businesses, and we identified significant opportunities that have me even more excited about the future
potential of PerkinElmer. We will be sure to democratize some of those learnings in future discussions with
the external community, but I wanted to take the time to reinforce that we have also been making a lot of
progress on our non-COVID portfolio, which will position us well for the future.

On a related point, given our inability to get together in person due to the current environment, we will
postpone our Analyst Day originally planned in September to a date to be determined in 2021. That said,
we recognize there have been a significant amount of time since our last Analyst Day and our portfolio has
dramatically changed. Given this, our hope is to host virtual webinars to walk through our end markets
and product portfolios over the coming quarters.

Before I begin, I want to remind people that our second quarter earnings call presentation has been
posted on the Investors section of our website under Financial Information. As always, I will begin my
prepared remarks by highlighting the second quarter, then I'll provide some additional color on our served
end markets and financial metrics, and I will end with third quarter guidance as well as some updated full
year details that will hopefully assist you in your own modeling.

At a high level, we are extremely pleased with our second quarter and first half results. The team
executed well despite COVID-related customer shutdowns severely impacting business activity in April and
May. There were some signs of improving momentum in June, but business activity across the globe has
yet to fully normalize.

Revenue grew 12% to $812 million and included a 2% foreign exchange headwind and a 1% net
acquisition tailwind. Organic revenue increased 13% year-over-year, which is 1% better than what we
had previously communicated. As Prahlad mentioned earlier, overall COVID-related products contributed
$196 million in the quarter, propelled primarily by our PCR tests, RNA extraction solutions and serology
kits. Demand was strong across all 3 of these product lines, with each contributing in excess of $50 million
during the second quarter.

By business. Diagnostics, representing 52% of total sales, increased 48% organically as strength in
our immunodiagnostics and applied genomics businesses more than offset a modest decline in our
reproductive health franchise. Discovery & Analytical Solutions, representing 48% of total sales, declined
10% organically as better-than-expected performance in our life sciences business was more than offset
by softness in food and applied markets.

On a geographic basis, Americas grew low double digits. Europe grew strong double digits. And Asia Pacific
was flat. China improved sequentially. However, growth remained negative as non-COVID diagnostics
demand was anemic due to ongoing clinical caution, leading to lost prenatal and infectious disease testing
and deferments in autoimmune and allergy testing.

Operationally, we are extremely pleased with our performance. Adjusted operating margins expanded
790 basis points in the second quarter to 28.1%, led by business mix, productivity and operating expense
leverage. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.57 in the second quarter increased 57% year-over-year.

Looking further into the key drivers within our segments, let's start with our Diagnostics business. As
mentioned in my earlier remarks, organic revenue increased 48% as robust growth in Europe and the
Americas drove the momentum, with both regions generating greater than 50% organic growth. Our
applied genomics business led the way, posting over 150% organic growth on broad-based momentum
across all geographies and led by our nucleic acid extraction and liquid handling product lines. Combined,
these product lines grew more than 6x year-over-year as they have proven to be vital upstream solutions
in automated, high-throughput, COVID RT-PCR detection workflows.

Meanwhile, immunodiagnostics increased 60% organically, with EUROIMMUN increasing over 30%.
Demand for our RT-PCR and serology assays was particularly strong across the globe. The quality of our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

PERKINELMER, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

COVID solutions and breadth of capabilities led to strong interest in PerkinElmer assays throughout the
quarter, including several prominent customer wins.

Reproductive health declined mid-single digits organically driven by lower newborn and prenatal
testing across the globe. Performance was consistent across all 3 major geographic regions. If you
recall, we experienced some stocking of reproductive health products at the end of the first quarter as
certain customers in the U.S. and Europe built additional inventory as COVID-19 started moving west.
Normalizing for the impact of stocking at the end of the first quarter, our reproductive health business
would have been flat in the U.S. and Europe in the second quarter.

Turning to Discovery & Analytical Solutions, organic revenue declined 10% in the second quarter. By end
market, we experienced a low single-digit organic revenue decline in life sciences. Pharma/biotech was
up low single digits driven by strength in informatics. Academic and government declined high teens. Our
OneSource enterprise service was nearly flat as strong professional services demand was offset by billable
business declines due to COVID-related pharma lab shutdowns. Applied markets declined approximately
20%, with all 3 major geographic regions experiencing double-digit declines as customers dealt with
ongoing shutdowns and funding delays.

Food declined over 20% due to muted demand in the Americas and Europe. Asia Pacific food rebounded
sequentially to flat, led by our growth within our grain and milling and dairy franchises in China.
Meanwhile, industrial and environmental safety declined high teens. Trends were generally consistent
throughout the second quarter, which has us a bit more cautious on the velocity of a rebound near term.
Order pacing in Asia Pacific in the second quarter was encouraging, though it is still too early to say
whether this momentum is here to stay.

Shifting to below-the-line items. Net interest and other expense for the first quarter was approximately
$11 million, and our adjusted tax rate was 19%.

Turning to the balance sheet. We finished the quarter with approximately $2 billion of debt and $219
million of cash. Free cash flow was $122 million in the quarter, and adjusted free cash flow was $127
million. We achieved an adjusted free cash flow conversion of 72%. Finally, we exited the quarter with a
net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of approximately 2.3x, down 0.5 turn since the beginning of the year.

Closing the books on the first half of 2020, we are extremely pleased with our performance, including 6%
organic growth, 33% adjusted earnings per share growth and over 400% adjusted free cash flow growth.
Adjusted free cash flow conversion was 67%, up from 17% in the first half of 2019. We are encouraged by
our accounts receivable progress at the start of the year. The reduction in our DSO year-to-date has been
a function of process improvements as well as due to more favorable terms associated with the COVID-
related demand. Additionally, we consciously invested capital and inventory to start 2020. We expect that
the increased inventory levels should support our higher COVID and non-COVID backlog as we transition
to the back half of the year.

As I mentioned on our first quarter call, we remain steadfastly committed to returning our adjusted free
cash flow conversion to the 85% to 90% range over the next 2 to 3 years. For many reasons, the first half
of 2020 will no doubt be one to remember. And again, I could not be prouder of how the PerkinElmer team
has together -- has come together and executed during these difficult times.

As we transition to the back half of the year, I want to provide an updated view on modeling items that are
less dependent on COVID impact scenarios. We now anticipate 1% foreign exchange headwind for 2020.
For below-the-line items, we anticipate $44 million to $46 million in adjusted interest and other expenses,
a tax rate of approximately 18% and our share count to average 112 million for the year. We are assuming
a tax rate at the higher end of our previous guidance as we now expect a greater mix of profits will come
from areas with higher jurisdictional tax rates.

Turning to the third quarter of 2020. We are forecasting reported revenue of $760 million to $860 million,
representing 7% to 21% organic revenue growth, including a negligible impact from foreign exchange.
Embedded in this guidance is $150 million to $200 million of COVID-related revenue, representing

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

PERKINELMER, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

approximately 21% to 28% organic growth, partially offsetting an organic demand drop of 7% to 14% for
our non-COVID product lines.

In terms of adjusted earnings per share guidance for the quarter, we are forecasting a range of $1.18 to
$1.53. All of this is detailed in the second to the last page of our second quarter earnings presentation.

In closing, I am extremely proud to be part of the PerkinElmer family. The energy and purpose that
pervades throughout our organization propels us all to do better. While we are operating from a strong
foundation, we are improving every day. I have no doubt that the upcoming years will be even more
fruitful for all our stakeholders.
Operator, at this time, we would like to open the call to questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

PERKINELMER, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And wow. Best quarter since 1999, and that came in the midst of a pandemic. Congrats on your terrific
execution here. Maybe I had 2 questions, one on the 3Q guide, Jamey. The non-COVID revenue base,
I think the range is minus 7% to minus 14%. The base business was down 14% in 2Q. And I think
commentary from your peers would suggest that the base business is improving. So I'm just curious on
the assumptions around that minus 7% to 14%, particularly at the high end.

COVID revenues, $150 million to $200 million. It seems it's sustainable into 3Q. Curious about that into
4Q on -- specifically on COVID diagnostics.

James M. Mock
Senior VP & CFO

Great. Thanks, Vijay, for the question. First off, obviously, it's a very volatile environment. So the
pandemic could swing both our COVID and non-COVID revenues. But we've put a lot of time into looking
at this and looked at the trends over the last 3 months, including the first 3 weeks of July, looked at our
backlog and feel pretty comfortable with both ranges. So I'll address the non-COVID piece. So the minus
14% is similar to last quarter, the second quarter. And while we saw some positive trends, particularly on
the recurring side, where we see services and consumables upticking through the quarter, instruments
were a bit more lumpy, but backlog did grow in DAS. But we just think it's prudent that in this scenario --
in this time frame, there could be a scenario where something happens and there's a setback. So while we
did see improving trends through the quarter and continue to do so, I think the low end of our range, we
think, is no worse than the second quarter. And if the trends continue, we would get to the minus 7%.

On the COVID side, the $150 million to $200 million. Inside the $150 million, basically, that's just adjusted
for serology. So serology was, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, a little over $50 million, and we're
planning for that to be under $10 million in the third quarter. And so the difference between $196 million
and $150 million is solely serology. And we feel confident as we look at our shipments to date and our
backlog that RNA extraction and PCR tests will continue. And then if you get to the high end, we're in the
midst of a lot of commercial discussions, and those commitments could be coming but the ramp of those
and the timing of when they would happen is still in flux. But we do see the opportunity to get to the high
end of $200 million, and so that's how we derive the range around COVID revenue.

Vijay Muniyappa Kumar
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

That's helpful, Jamey. And then one for Prahlad. Thinking about sustainability of trends. A couple of
comments you made, Prahlad, in your prepared remarks. I think you mentioned something along the lines
of opening new doors in terms of relationships, just given the amount of placements you guys have done
on nucleic acid extraction, liquid handling. I'm just curious whether that has any implications for tender
wins going forward. And I think you also mentioned a COVID-plus-flu combo test. Perhaps, could you
address the pricing or how we think about opportunity for this combo test?

Prahlad R. Singh
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Vijay. I think the way I would address the first question around the extraction kits, that I think
what has been really good is that the number of installed base has obviously increased significantly this
year, and that bodes well for the other assays that are coming through the pipeline, both COVID and also
non-COVID, related to infectious diseases and others. So I think longer-term, as customers get to using

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

PERKINELMER, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

our RNA extraction kits and see the benefits that being on the magnetic-based solutions provide versus
what others provide, especially in high-throughput labs, we are seeing a lot of traction, and that will, I
think, be quite beneficial for us and competitively in the long run.

In regards to your question around the pipeline and the flu test, et cetera, the way I would look at it,
Vijay, is I would sort of demarket it in 2 parts. One is workflow solutions around direct testing, and that
could be either a flu pack test or a viral detection pooling or a direct antigen test. And the second one is
around immune insights, the ways that we can look at what immune responses come out from the human
system and how do we measure that in regards to COVID.

So I think while it's too early to opine on the pricing, our focus is that -- to sort of put as many ways that
we can in terms of detecting the disease directly and also indirectly. And then that's where our focus has
been.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research.

Stephen Barr Willoughby
Cleveland Research Company

A couple of questions for you. First, on PCR test demand. For latter, Jamey, I know things are shifting
quickly. When we look back 90 days ago, your 1Q call, it seems like you maybe downplayed the
opportunity within PCR. Obviously, it came in much better than expected. Could you maybe just provide a
little bit more color on sort of what changed as it relates to the demand for your PCR test?

And then secondly, on PCR, Prahlad, when we look out, how are you guys thinking about the sustainability
in PCR test demand maybe even beyond the third quarter? And then I have one quick follow-up.

Prahlad R. Singh
CEO, President & Director

Sure, Steve. I think when we look back 90 days, the science on the wires was still very evolutionary. And
I think we, along with others, were still trying to figure out, hey, do we want to focus on the direct testing,
or was serology more important? And that's when serology came about, there was a large spike in it. And
the thought was that maybe this will tell us very quickly what the immune response is and people would
get back to work. And I think that sort of played a role. But the long and short of it is, Steve, that we
expect direct testing, the direct vital testing to be vital and expect sustained demand for it, not just in
3Q, but at least until the year-end that we look at it. So I don't think direct testing is going to go away
anytime soon.

James M. Mock
Senior VP & CFO

I would just add 2 things, Steve. At the time of our last call, remember, we had not made any shipments
yet of PCR at that time. So we were having some import issues at the time. So having the confidence to
be able to ship that amount was still in question, I would say. And then the second thing is I think our
workflow is terrific. So when you combine RNA extraction capabilities with our PCR technology and liquid
handling, I think that's resonated very well in the marketplace.

Stephen Barr Willoughby
Cleveland Research Company

So Jamey, with that then, if you were only shipping the PCR test for, let's say, 2 months out of the quarter
and you did, let's call it, close to $100 million in revenue, it seems like the guidance for 3Q as it relates to
COVID tailwinds, are we now assuming the PCR test makes up $150 million or so of that $150 million to
$200 million?

James M. Mock
Senior VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

PERKINELMER, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Yes. That's right. I mean as what I tried to mention in Vijay's question is that serology, which was a little
over $50 million, obviously, the time and place for serology is going to be in the future, we believe. We'll
see. So therefore, that demand, we have taken down to less than $10 million. And therefore, the PCR and
RNA extraction technology, which, as you said, was, let's say, $100 million is much more a bigger portion
of the total $150 million to $200 million.

Stephen Barr Willoughby
Cleveland Research Company

Got you. The other quick follow-up I had is just what are your -- what's your outlook or how are you
thinking about demand overall in China and if there's any nuance between different end markets in China
in the back half of the year?

James M. Mock
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. So China improved sequentially for us. So it was down over 30% in the first quarter and down
about 14% in the second quarter. And we had hoped actually that it would get to flat at one point in the
quarter here. DAS did get to flat and in fact, built a little backlog as well. So we feel good about that.
Diagnostics, though, went from down 40% to roughly down 20% in the quarter. I think whether that's
the second outbreak in June in Beijing that happened, but we're still not at the utilization levels of having
people comfortable going to the hospitals and clinics, et cetera, it's still not at that 100% level and hasn't
returned to normal.

So as we look forward here, we're hoping again that it will get to flat as soon as possible and perhaps in
the third quarter. But what we're planning on in the third quarter is down high single digits to low double
digits as a whole for overall China. So again, if it gets back to flat, that will be upside to our current range.
But right now, the way we see it is Diagnostics is still a bit challenged. It's probably going to uptick a little
bit. But that's what we're currently planning on.

Operator

Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin with Bank of America.

Derik De Bruin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So Steve just took my China question. So I now I got to think, I got to get a second one here. So the free
cash flow guidance, going back to 80% to 90%, and also I just want to sort of talk about your comments
in the opening about having accelerated some programs and seeing things pick up. And I think one of the
questions we're all asking is sort of what does things look like for these businesses that are getting these
big COVID tailwinds when things "go back to normal." Can you opine a little bit on how you sort of see
margins and the overall impact to margins post this crisis and what you need to do to sort of get back to
the free -- what you need to do to get to the free cash flow levels you were talking about?

James M. Mock
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. So you want to talk both margins and free cash flow. So margins, obviously, it's an unprecedented
quarter. We had strong volume growth. We had great product mix. We had all the productivity programs
that we had already been working on, largely in services and DAS and EUROIMMUN, and on top of that,
we had great OpEx leverage. And so even though our OpEx was up, it was still good leverage.

So I think in terms of the sustainability of that, I think it supports the overall thesis for PerkinElmer long
term, that when those things happen, we do have the ability to get to a mid-20s to high-20s operating
margin business. But certainly, this was an unprecedented quarter of margin expansion in the short
term. But some of this will remain. I mean I think we're becoming more efficient. I think the productivity
programs are being put in place. I think our volume and mix is changing over time. So it's difficult to say
what it would completely snap back to in the very short term, but I think the long term, this is proving
what the business can be.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

PERKINELMER, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

As it pertains to free cash flow, we had one of our best quarters again and certainly our best first half in a
long time. And that is -- there's a couple of things in there. Our receivables, we've been -- as you know,
and we've been talking about we're making a lot of process improvements on, but we also did have a
small benefit with regards to COVID terms. But I think receivables progress will continue to happen here
over time even in a normalized environment.

You can see that we invested a significant amount in inventory. And I think most -- half of that is about
our COVID inventory. And we think that having the product ready, which Prahlad mentioned in his
prepared remarks, that we are tracking our turnaround time, is enabling us to be ready for customers and
win customers that need the product immediately. And then the other half, we always have a first half
build. It's probably a little bit more than normal due to the demand levels, but our non-COVID backlog has
increased. So I do think that the second half will -- our inventory levels should come substantially down.

And so we're still -- I think what we were saying, Derik, is that 80% to 90%, we're tracking. There's a lot
of good underlying progress here on receivables, on our ability to manage our SIOP. It just so happens
right now that our inventory is required to be high and to meet our customers' demand. But we're focused
on it. And I think we feel confident that we can get to that 85% to 90% range in a couple of years. And if
it happens before that, that's great.

Derik De Bruin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Great. And just one follow-up. You mentioned some of the point-of-care, ELISA antigen test. Are you
looking at those as sort of going in with an EUA authorization or -- and then following up with those,
eventually going to a more FDA-approved -- I'm just sort of curious because you haven't historically done
things in the infectious disease market in the U.S. from an FDA standpoint. It's been more focused in
China. I'm just sort of curious on your longer-term strategy, if this is sort of like some shift?

Prahlad R. Singh
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I think COVID-specific, Derik, we continue to actively investigate that as a detection method. I think
the key for us is it's very important that the quality of our tests should meet our threshold. I mean we
would not release a test that are in the low 80s or somewhere around that. So if we have a test, which has
got the right relative sensitivity that we would expect it to be, then we would release it, specific to COVID.

I think longer-term, will we have a point-of-care test strategy in the U.S., that is TBD.

Operator

Our next question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Jamey, just a clarification on the gross margin comment. Can you quantify how much of the step-up was
the COVID testing accretion versus the cost-cutting measures for 2Q? I didn't hear you quantify that in
response to Derik's question.

James M. Mock
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. So overall mix, Tycho -- so we grew gross margins about 600 basis points. And I would say mix made
up 85% to 90% of that. So even ex the mix impact, we expanded gross margin by 50 to 80 basis points,
and that was on our productivity programs. But mix certainly, and in total, not just COVID-related, but in
total, probably made up 85% to 90% of that increase.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

PERKINELMER, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

And then on the 3Q outlook for the non-COVID-based business, can you just give a little more color on
what you're thinking in an academic recovery, for example, and in -- making in a sequential improvement?
Just a little bit more color by end market might be helpful.

James M. Mock
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, sure. So I think in total, in the 7% to 14% range, at a high level, we have Diagnostics, which was
down 20% in the second quarter ex COVID in a minus 10% to 20% range. And I'll talk about some of the
end markets. And then DAS, which was down 10%, obviously, in a minus 5% to 10% range. So let me
just hit some the end markets underneath there.

So reproductive health, I think, continues to tick up a little bit. And I think we mentioned that it was
down mid-single digits. We're kind of planning on down low single digits. China utilization, particularly on
prenatal, is not yet at 100% normalization, so that's reproductive health.

Immunodiagnostics and applied genomics down kind of high double digits. I think it will remain down
double digits. And that's just a function of when do people feel comfortable coming back to see physicians
and hospitals and whatnot, but we expect a little bit of uptick there.

Flipping to the DAS side, life sciences, which was down low single digits, we think probably grows low
single digits. In the second quarter, we were buoyed by a strong informatics business. Enterprise was
flattish, and Discovery was down. I don't anticipate informatics to be as strong, but I think Discovery will
pick up and we're seeing that in some of the consumables business in our backlog and our tenders as well
as the enterprise business has more labs return. So we expect looking at life sciences to kind of move
from down low single digits to up low single digits. Again, this is on the high end of our range, that is.

Applied markets and food, again, was down, I think, 20% and on the low end of our range. Obviously,
that remains at that level. And -- but we are expecting it to start picking back up. We had a bit of backlog
growth, but that we would expect to tick up. But it would still be down double digits even in the high end
of our range, which is down 7%. But I think simplest way is down 5% to 10% for DAS and down 10% to
20% for the others, excluding COVID.

Tycho W. Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then just one for Prahlad on the antigen test you mentioned. I assume that uses
some of the lateral flow technology. But can you just talk about the thought process there? We've seen a
lot of lower-quality antigen tests coming to the market. So I'm just curious why you're entering and how
you think about the role of antigen testing versus PCR longer-term?

Prahlad R. Singh
CEO, President & Director

Yes, Tycho. Thanks. I'm not saying that we are going to. I'm saying that we are evaluating it. And you're
absolutely right. There are -- while we actively investigate it, the focus for us is that we would only launch
it if the quality met our threshold. And Tulip is one aspect from where we would develop it, just like on the
rest of our product portfolio, where we've been able to leverage our capabilities from across different sites
and companies. We've got competencies and capabilities on this in China and Europe, too. So we would
be leveraging. So in the event we would come out, it would only be if we get the sensitivity and specificity
levels at the high end.

Operator

Our next question comes from Dan Arias with Stifel.

Daniel Anthony Arias
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

PERKINELMER, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Maybe just on the reproductive health side. Obviously, it's a tough-selling environment for your Vanadis
franchise right now. But can you just sort of level set us on expectations? And then what's going on in
Europe? And then just thinking ahead there, where does all of this have the value study with women and
infants shaking out? Is that data that can still show up at the end of the year? Or is it best to sort of think
of that as a 2021 thing?

Prahlad R. Singh
CEO, President & Director

Yes. So thanks, Dan. The Vanadis, as a program itself, it continues to progress very well. The funnel
continues to be stronger. Obviously, COVID has resulted in installation delays. The funnel for us is
stronger, and the installations generally are being held up right now.

In terms of the tests, they continue to run smoothly, and the demand is high. The challenge for us, both in
terms of publishing the study and getting the installations all in place, is that the market shifts in terms of
COVID, I would say, freeze or travel restrictions, et cetera. But I think as it starts to loosen and open up,
the installations will pick up. I will say that I don't think we expect the installations to be anywhere up to
55 in 2020 as we had projected. But we are very hopeful that as regions open up in Q3 and Q4, that we
will be able to fill the pipeline that we have seen.

Daniel Anthony Arias
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And just maybe going back to COVID on serology. Prahlad, does the data that you're generating
suggest that your ELISA assay can be used to provide information on neutralizing antibodies? And then
just thinking about commercialization, to what extent are you able to maybe bundle the serology test and
then maybe some of the other things that you're working on with the PCR test since it's obviously in pretty
high demand? It sounds like some of your larger diagnostics competitors, at least on the European side,
have adopted that strategy. So just curious whether that's something you're able to use to drive volume
there.

Prahlad R. Singh
CEO, President & Director

Yes. And to your first question, Dan, I think the -- in the case of serology, our understanding of the
science, as I said earlier, is evolving every day. I think if I were to look in a crystal ball, I would say
that we expect the epidemiology study is around serology to continue. And for it to provide a better
understanding of the immune response and as vaccines come into play, it will drive broader immune
insights testing, and that's where serology will play a larger role.

In terms of us being able to put it together, I mean, there are examples, as you saw with Sonora Quest,
where we've done both serology and PCR testing. So I would say that it is larger. In larger customer
bases, we are seeing traction around our total solutions, whether it's around collection devices or
extraction kits, PCR or serology. I think the challenge as of now is that serology is, to some extent, taking
a backseat. And most of the focus continues to be on direct virus detection.

Operator

Our next question comes from Catherine Schulte with Baird.

Catherine Walden Ramsey Schulte
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Just first, can you just walk us through where you are from a manufacturing capacity standpoint on the
serology, PCR and extraction kits today? And what are your plans in terms of expanding capacity further
as we move through the rest of the year?

Prahlad R. Singh
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

PERKINELMER, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Yes. So I mean, in all cases, we are highly scalable and are manufacturing multiples of what we have
previously disseminated in terms of our capacity. I think this is where the benefit of the breadth of our
capabilities and having a broad geographic footprint in all 3 parts of the world, whether it's in Asia, Europe
or North America, comes to bear. We've also put very strong supply redundancies in place. So we are not
sort of dependent on any sole suppliers, et cetera, or any particular country or a region.

I mean at this point, we do not feel supply to be a constraint. In fact, as you probably -- as we've
probably -- as we've talked about earlier, we put turnaround times on our website and you can live track --
it's live-streaming in terms of our capability to provide turnaround time to our customers.

Catherine Walden Ramsey Schulte
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then as we think about -- you're getting pretty incredible incremental margins on this
COVID testing business. What's your thought process in terms of letting that drop through versus using
that to maybe accelerate some strategic investments?

James M. Mock
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I mean, Catherine, I think we are biased to invest. And so actually, some of the spending levels in
the first half and second quarter are not at the levels by choice. It's the levels because you can't travel or
you can't get a third-party service, et cetera. So I think if we look into the second half of the year, we are
going to step up our investment in areas like R&D, digital investments as well, so information technology.
There's some pockets of the organization where we want to invest with some additional people. So I think
we will continue to spend and probably invest a little bit more than we have been.

Of course, we'll always monitor the outlook, but I think one of our guiding principles has been to emerge
from this as a stronger company. And I think we're fortunate enough to be able to reinvest back in the
business, and we plan on doing so.

Prahlad R. Singh
CEO, President & Director

And especially around R&D, Catherine. I think some of the investments that we did want to make in
the first half of the year we couldn't just because of whether it was travel restrictions or availability of
scientists to come to the bench. So I think that definitely. And given the pipeline and the NPI pipeline that
we are talking about, that's where we will continue to invest incrementally.

Catherine Walden Ramsey Schulte
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And maybe just last one for me, going back to Jamey's comment on emerging as a stronger
company after this. If we step back and think about how part of the strategic rationale around the
EUROIMMUN acquisition was really the opportunity to grow its U.S. presence, it seems like once we
emerge from COVID and those tailwinds subside, you should be in a much stronger position from a U.S.
adoption perspective than you would have been if COVID had never happened. So is there any way you
can help us think about just how much of an accelerator COVID has been in terms of the U.S. adoption of
that portfolio longer-term?

Prahlad R. Singh
CEO, President & Director

So there are 3 ways to look at it, right? One, Catherine, the way I would look at it, in terms of the
relationships or the emerging relationships that we are establishing with those customers. That has
become significantly stronger, whether it's at institutions such as Mayo or with the large reference labs.

I think the second aspect is the familiarization of -- with the science aspects of EUROIMMUN and with
the workflow that the team has been doing in Lübeck. That has significantly improved, and it has also
allowed us to leverage the relationships to provide a peek into our current pipeline of products that are

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

PERKINELMER, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

commercially available and also what's coming into the future. As we've talked about earlier, right, we're
getting our random access platform, [ Axentis ], that would be out from EUROIMMUN, hopefully, by the
end of the year or early 2021, given some COVID restraints. The adoption of that is -- the barrier for
adoption of that is going to be much lower, given what we have done around COVID with our customers.
So that's one way sort of to quantify, to some extent, as to what the benefit of COVID provides longer-
term to the company as a whole.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steve Beuchaw with Wolfe Research.

Stephen Christopher Beuchaw
Wolfe Research, LLC

I'll ask one for Prahlad, one for Jamey and then just jump back in queue. The one for Prahlad is if we
reflect a little bit on the experience that we've had with serology and some of the learnings for the clinical
trial data that we've seen out of some of the vaccine studies, it seems like T cells have gained more and
more attention, at least in the clinical community, but it's not clear to me necessarily how much demand
there is for broader, so outside of vaccine clinical trials, T cell reactivity assessments. Could you speak to
that and the extent to which outside of clinical trials, those types of assays might be in demand?

And then, for Jamey, there's been some focus on margins on the call, but can we just jump out like --
sorry to ask it this far, but 3 and 4 years and say, what does the margin trajectory of this company look
like relative to what you thought 7 or 8 months ago? I would imagine there's been some discovery of
structural cost savings. And you flagged on the call or in Q&A earlier that there's a path to mid-20s or
maybe even higher margins, which makes a lot of sense on some amount of time. But can you speak to
whether you think that's within the next 4, 5 years? Or is that a longer-term view? I really appreciate all
the help here.

Prahlad R. Singh
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Let me start with the easier one and then Jamey can take the -- I think, Steve, the aspect around
the T cell response, I think it's a little too early to tell, in my opinion. I think one would have to look at the
total response, whether it's humoral or innate response and how to look at it. But the more germane way
to think of it is that immune insights are going to be important, and that's where sort of we are trying to
focus on as to what aspects and what avenues do we need to look at. So I think it's something TBD or yet
to come.

James M. Mock
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. And as for the margins, Steve, I mean, it's difficult to give an exact target here in 3 to 4 years,
and we said we would come out with our Analyst Day and that's when we were hoping to launch what
our outlook is for margin in the next 3 years. Obviously, we -- as you mentioned, we have had a lot of
learnings. So I would -- what I would say without giving an exact number is I would say we're even more
confident in our margin expansion opportunity.

I mentioned in my prepared remarks how much time we've spent in the analytical and food business,
in all segments for that matter. But I think the margin expansion value-creation opportunity there is
substantial. I think it is a 3- to 5-year play, some short-term actions. But certainly, over the course of our
NPI cadence, what we're doing with procurement, what we're doing with SKU rationalization, I think it
will be rather substantial. So I did mention mid-20s and maybe that's in 3 to 4 years, but I don't think we
want to sign up for anything at this point. And again, we're still learning here. But I would say we are even
more confident in that approach.

Operator

Our next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

PERKINELMER, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Doug Schenkel
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Just a couple of quick ones. The first is just as a guidance cleanup question. It appears your third quarter
guidance implies that you expect operating margin to decline about 300 to 400 basis points sequentially
despite similar sequential revenue numbers. Could you provide a bit more detail on what drives this? I'm
guessing it's a combination of change in mix and a reflection of some of the opportunistic investment and
long-term growth initiatives that you talk about.

James M. Mock
Senior VP & CFO

You nailed it. It is about half that. And I think I would expect the gross margin line to come down about
200 basis points sequentially versus the prior quarter, and that is mostly mix, both non-COVID and COVID.
So the non-COVID book coming back up a little and the COVID book coming down a little bit at the
midpoint, to your point, as well as some sub-business mix with a little less informatics in the third quarter
versus the second quarter. So a little -- half of this probably comes down through the gross margin
line. And then you're right, the other half comes in through incremental investments and everything
I mentioned to Catherine's question in terms of R&D, digital, people, continuing to invest and emerge
stronger here.

Doug Schenkel
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Super helpful. The second one is -- and I think this is a Prahlad question. I'm just -- if you would
be willing to provide a bit more detail on your PCR revenue assumptions moving forward. Specifically,
what I'm thinking about here is one of your peers who also produces nonautomated PCR kits produces
-- well, they're driving to produce 10 million tests per week. The automated diagnostic system vendors
are expected to ramp manufacturing meaningfully by the next flu season. So just with those 2 examples
in mind, I'm just wondering if you could just share a little bit more on how you would expect your PCR
revenue to evolve over time. Like are you expecting to maintain share? Do you expect to gain share? Or is
this really just as simple as you're going to sell as many as you can produce for the foreseeable future?

Prahlad R. Singh
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I think -- let me put it this way, Doug. As of now, our capacity is greater than the demand. And we
feel very good about where we are because what we are realizing, that customers are coming back to
us from some of our competitors because they realize that we provide a full workflow solutions, with
collection media, extraction kits, extraction units, PCR and fully validated workflows. And I think that's
the benefit that we are seeing from our customers, and I think that's where we feel that as we progress
and we see sustained demand, we are very well-placed with the solution that we bring to direct antigen
testing.

Operator

Our next question comes from Dan Brennan with UBS.

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

And congrats on the quarter. Just wondering if you could share a little insight on the liquid handling kind of
the robotic market. We haven't dove in too much there, but obviously, you're a leader there, and it's hard
to do due diligence because there's not as much information. So if you just give a little color on maybe the
size of that market, any color on kind of instrument placements in the quarter and kind of how we think
about the opportunity going forward for COVID?

Prahlad R. Singh
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

PERKINELMER, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

I mean it has been particularly strong and especially, our JANUS product line has seen a lot of demand
in the second quarter, and the ongoing demand continues to be strong. I don't know if we break it down
specifically to product lines around automation.

James M. Mock
Senior VP & CFO

No, the only thing we said, Dan, was that it was up 6x year-over-year here in liquid handling.

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

More color on that, Jamey, like 6x, I mean, how much of the $190-or-so million in the quarter? I know you
gave some color on PCR traction, but how much was liquid handling of that? And kind of how do we think
about that implicit in kind of [ expectation ]?

James M. Mock
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, I think, Dan, we're trying not to get into exact numbers here to walk through and be able to be off of
and whatnot. So I think we would like to keep everybody focused that the overall franchise is doing well
and that the Diagnostics opportunity across all of our product lines is doing well. So selling together.

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Got it. Okay. And then maybe just a couple of other related ones and just on kind of sticking with COVID,
if you don't mind. Could you share any insight at all on pricing since it's hard for us to back into kind of
share of market? And as Doug mentioned, there's a lot of capacity out there, but the revenue contribution
really matters. Obviously, the branded players are in the 20s. Maybe the less automated players are in the
teens. Any help you can give us on PCR pricing? And then any color also about OUS U.S. mix in terms of
your PCR and extraction businesses?

Prahlad R. Singh
CEO, President & Director

I'm happy to tell you that we feel that our RT-PCR and extraction pricing remains consistent. And I think
that's the level of detail we want to share. There has been some decline in serology, modest, but it's
not for us. I think the whole serology market has seen a decline, but I think we want to stay away from
getting into specific pricing.

Daniel Gregory Brennan
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

And in terms of U.S., OUS, is it just follow along your geographic split? Or are you kind of having more
success in one market or the other?

Prahlad R. Singh
CEO, President & Director

I think we are seeing success in both markets, both in the U.S., Europe and OUS, also in Asia. So we are
seeing a broad penetration across countries in all continents.

Operator

Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back over to Prahlad Singh for any closing remarks.

Prahlad R. Singh
CEO, President & Director

Thank you for your questions. Again, I'm proud of our entire organization and how everyone has rallied
together. Our breadth of capabilities puts us in a unique position to help combat this pandemic. We are

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

PERKINELMER, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

focused on leading with science, and that is clearly resonating. I have no doubt we emerge from this
crisis as an even stronger company. Thank you for supporting PerkinElmer, and I look forward to providing
further updates on our third quarter earnings call. Thank you.

Operator
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You
may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

PERKINELMER, INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

