Pfizer Inc. NYSE:PFE
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 28, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.71

0.80

Revenue  (mm)

11381.45

12028.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-27-2020 5:03 AM GMT

12.68

5.68

0.68

2.70

2.87

11373.53

47010.98

47321.13

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.75

0.62

0.58

0.71

0.80

0.75

0.55

0.80

6.67 %

20.97 %

(5.17 %)

12.68 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
PFIZER INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Albert Bourla
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Angela Hwang
Group President of
Biopharmaceuticals Group

Charles E. Triano
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

Navin Cyriac Jacob
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Frank A. D'Amelio
CFO & EVP of Global Supply &
Business Operations

Randall S. Stanicky
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

John D. Young
Group President & Chief Business
Officer

Stephen Michael Scala
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Mikael Dolsten
Chief Scientific Officer and
President of Worldwide Research,
Development & Medical

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

ANALYSTS

Timothy Minton Anderson
Wolfe Research, LLC

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Vamil Kishore Divan
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Andrew Simon Baum
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Carter Lewis Gould
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Christopher Thomas Schott
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David Reed Risinger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Louise Alesandra Chen
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

PFIZER INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to Pfizer's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is
being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Chuck Triano, Senior Vice President of
Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

Charles E. Triano
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today to review Pfizer's first
quarter 2020 financial results, our reaffirmed full year 2020 financial guidance, Pfizer's role in helping find
solutions for the COVID-19 pandemic as well as other relevant business topics.

As usual, I'm joined today by our Chairman and CEO, Albert Bourla; Frank D'Amelio, our CFO; Mikael
Dolsten, President of Worldwide Research and Development; Angela Hwang, Group President, Pfizer
Biopharmaceuticals Group; John Young, our Chief Business Officer; and Doug Lankler, our General
Counsel.

The slides that will be presented on this call were posted to our website earlier this morning and are
available at pfizer.com/investors. You'll see here on this slide that covers our legal disclosures. Albert and
Frank will now make prepared remarks, and then we will move to a question-and-answer session. With
that, I'll now turn the call over to Albert Bourla. Albert?

Albert Bourla
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Chuck, and good morning, everyone. During my remarks, I will discuss the first quarter
business performance as well as recent milestones from our pipeline. However, I want to start with a few
thoughts about the COVID-19 pandemic and Pfizer's role in helping find solutions.

It goes without saying that this is an extraordinary, difficult and unprecedented time for everyone. The
public health challenges posed by COVID-19 have impacted almost every aspect of our lives. As one of the
world's largest biopharmaceutical companies, our role in this crisis is dual.

On the one hand, we are focused on maintaining the continued supply of our medicines and vaccines to
patients around the globe while protecting the safety and well-being of all our colleagues, of course. On
the other hand, we are working with experts both within and outside Pfizer to bring our expertise, capital
and resources to help contribute potential medical solutions to this pandemic.

Let me share a few examples of what we are doing on this front. With the burden on hospitals happening
around the globe and expected to increase, the continued supply of our medicines and vaccines is now
more critical than ever. I'm pleased to say that the Pfizer global supply team has done an outstanding job
keeping our manufacturing sites and related distribution channels operational without significant supply
disruptions.

In terms of finding medical solutions for the pandemic, we are collaborating with industry partners and
academic institutions to develop potential novel approaches to prevent and treat COVID-19. We aim to
leave no stone unturned and we have made advances on multiple fronts.

Regarding prevention, we recently announced that Pfizer and the German biotech company, BioNTech,
has entered into a global collaboration agreement to codevelop the potential first-in-class mRNA-based
coronavirus vaccine program aimed at preventing COVID-19 infection. Last week, we received regulatory
approval from German authority Paul-Ehrlich-Institut to commence the first clinical trial for our COVID-19
vaccine candidates in Germany, and the first patient has already been dosed.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

PFIZER INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

We also plan to conduct trials in the U.S. upon regulatory approval, which is expected to start. BioNTech
and Pfizer will also work jointly to bring the vaccine to market worldwide, excluding China, which is
already covered through a separate BioNTech collaboration, subject, of course, to successful development
and regulatory approvals. We plan to manufacture millions of doses of the potential vaccine at risk by the
end of 2020 to accelerate availability in the event the development program is successful and we obtain
regulatory approval and then to rapidly scale up capacity to produce potentially hundreds of millions of
doses in 2021. I want to thank everyone in both companies working on this project.

Regarding the potential treatment, we now know our lead molecule is a very potent inhibitor of the SARS-
CoV-2 3C-like protease with confirmed antiviral activity against SARS-CoV-2. We are accelerating towards
the clinic and commencing regulatory discussions while also undertaking additional antiviral testing and
working on the formulation for IV administration. We invested in clinical materials over a month ago,
ahead of understanding antiviral activity, to accelerate the potential clinical study as early as August or
September of this year.

We also continue to provide our clinical and regulatory experience to small biotech companies working
on promising COVID-19 therapies. And we have several Pfizer medicines that they are the subject of
novel research projects for investigation in patients with COVID-19. I want to publicly thank all our
R&D colleagues who are working tirelessly and often late into the night to find potential vaccines and
treatments that could bring an end to this pandemic. At the end, I'm confident that science will win the
battle against COVID-19.

Now let me turn to our results for the first quarter. Obviously, we experienced both headwinds and
tailwinds related to COVID-19 during this quarter. On the one hand, our sales representatives in many
regions were not able to detail with physicians in their offices. In addition, patient visits to doctor offices
declined significantly beginning at the end of March, which is expected to negatively impact new diagnosis
of conditions requiring physician-administered diagnostic tests beginning in the second quarter of 2020.

On the other hand, we saw an uptick in our hospital business unit the first quarter of 2020 due in large
part to stronger-than-usual demand for some of our anti-infective medicines as well as other sterile
injectable products utilized in the incubation and ongoing treatment of mechanically ventilated COVID-19
patients.

In total, we estimate that these puts and takes resulted in a net benefit of only 1% to our first quarter
2020 biopharma revenues primarily reflecting increased demand for certain products in Pfizer's hospital
portfolio and an increase in wholesale inventory levels for Eliquis. In the face of these factors, we delivered
a strong quarterly performance overall, highlighted by 12% operational revenue growth in our Pfizer
Biopharmaceuticals Group, which will be the business that remains following the anticipated closing of the
Upjohn transaction in the second half of 2020.

We also saw total company revenue negatively impacted by 3 expected events: the July 19 loss of
exclusivity in the U.S. for Lyrica; the July 31 completion of the Consumer Healthcare joint venture
transaction with GSK, which removed our recording of revenue and expenses from this business; and
declines from Lipitor and Norvasc in China due to the Volume-Based Procurement program, which was
initially implemented in March 2019 and expanded nationwide in December of 2019. The Lyrica and
consumer impacts will both begin to annualize in the third quarter.

The Biopharmaceutical group's outstanding growth was again driven primarily by strong performances
from our key growth drivers. These include Eliquis, Vyndaqel/Vyndamax, Ibrance, Inlyta and XTANDI as
well as 15% operational growth in emerging markets. Our Oncology business was particularly strong,
up 25% operationally compared with the year ago quarter. Global IBRANCE revenues increased 11%
operationally to $1.2 billion during this quarter. In the U.S., IBRANCE revenues grew 15%, and it retained
its strong leadership position in the CDK class due to increased volumes and continued CDK class market
share gains.

The international market delivered strong 25% volume growth in the quarter led by emerging markets.
This volume growth was offset by pricing pressures in the EU5 markets. As a result, operational revenue
growth outside the U.S. was 5%. For XTANDI, alliance revenues in the U.S. were up 25% for the quarter,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

PFIZER INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

and when combined with our royalty income on ex U.S. sales, totaled $256 million. XTANDI is the market
leader with 38% market share in total prescriptions in advanced prostate cancer.

Demand reached an all-time high during the quarter due to solid growth in castrate-resistant prostate
cancer, expansion into metastatic castration-sensitive prostate cancer and overall, novel hormone therapy
class growth. We are pleased with the early impact of the launch of XTANDI for metastatic castration-
sensitive prostate cancer in the U.S. XTANDI is the first and only oral treatment approved by the FDA in 3
distinct types of prostate cancer.

And related to our acquisition of Array Biopharma, we are pleased by the FDA's approval of the lead
Array asset, BRAFTOVI, in combination with cetuximab for the treatment of adult patients with metastatic
colorectal cancer with a BRAF mutation after prior therapy. We believe that BRAFTOVI doublet has the
potential to make a meaningful impact on the lives of those living with this disease.

Beyond oncology, we had several other strong product performances. Eliquis continued to perform well.
Pfizer sales of the global revenue was up 29% operationally to $1.3 billion. This growth was driven
primarily by continued increased adoption in nonvalvular atrial fibrillation as well as oral anticoagulant
market share gains. Additionally, U.S. growth was favorably impacted by COVID-19-related wholesaler
buying patterns, partially offset by a lower net price.

Looking at our rare diseases business, VYNDAQEL and VYNDAMAX continue to show strong U.S.
performance. Overall, these breakthrough medicines contributed $127 million in revenue in the U.S. in the
first quarter. Our disease awareness efforts helped drive the estimated diagnosis rate to 13% in the first
quarter compared with only 1% to 2% prior to launch.

At the end of the quarter, more than 30,000 patients have been diagnosed, more than 8,500 patients have
received a prescription and more than 5,000 patients have received the drug. For the quarter, we estimate
the average number of patients in the U.S. taking VYNDAQEL was approximately 4,600. These numbers
include patients who are receiving the drug at no cost through our patient assistant programs.

In Europe, we received approval of VYNDAQEL for the treatment of ATTR cardiomyopathy in February,
and we have already launched in 2 markets, including Germany. That said, as a result of stay-at-home
orders, we are seeing a slowdown in new diagnosis in April as fewer patients are visiting doctor's offices
for consultations or scintigraphy tests.

Global Xeljanz revenue were up 8% operationally in the quarter to $451 million. Revenues outside the
U.S. were up 38% operationally, primarily reflecting continued uptake in rheumatoid arthritis as well as
from the recent launch of the ulcerative colitis indication in certain developed markets. In the U.S., Xeljanz
revenues were down 4%. This reflected continued strong demand across all approved indications, more
than offset by a lower net price due to higher rebating from commercial contracts signed in 2019 as well
as temporary lowering of wholesaler inventory levels in first quarter 2020. Wholesaler inventory levels
for Xeljanz were restored to normal levels in early April 2020 during Pfizer's second quarter as underlying
volume demand has remained consistently strong.

Global Prevnar 13 revenues were down 1% operationally to $1.45 billion with 11% operational growth
internationally, primarily reflecting continued pediatric uptake in China and the overall favorable impact
of timing associated with government purchases for the pediatric indication in certain emerging markets,
including Russia and Turkey. In the U.S., revenues were down 10%, primarily reflecting the unfavorable
impact of timing associated with government purchases for the pediatric indication compared with the
previous year quarter.

Looking at our sterile injectables portfolio. Our manufacturing recovery is having a positive impact on
the top line in the U.S. We have completed most of our supply remediation and continue to invest in
modernization necessary to sustain performance. In response to increasing demand due to the COVID-19
pandemic, in March, Pfizer shipped more than 30 critical medicines to 850% of baseline demand from this
portfolio and more than 10 of these exceeded 200%. In certain cases, Pfizer supported up to 600% of
baseline demand. Of note, our global revenue from our sterile injectable portfolio grew 15% operationally

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

PFIZER INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

in the first quarter and increased 6% sequentially compared to fourth quarter of 2019. Additionally, more
than 90% of our injectables portfolio is in stock today.

Our global biosimilars portfolio grew 63% operationally to $288 million in the quarter. The increase was
driven largely by steady growth in the U.S., thanks to a strong performance of RETACRIT and continued
progress with Inflectra, which was up 46% due to increased demand in open systems, partially offset by
price erosion. We also have launched 3 therapeutic monoclonal antibody oncology biosimilars in the U.S.
over the past few months. And we are encouraged by our initial engagements with payers and providers
where we have not seen the negative impact of exclusionary contracting by the innovator companies that
we had seen with the Inflectra launch.

As expected for -- revenues for our Upjohn business were down 37% operationally in the quarter to $2
billion. The decline was primarily driven by the expected significant volume declines for Lyrica in the U.S.
due to multi-share generic competition that began in July 2019. Upjohn revenues in China declined 41%
operationally, primarily driven by anticipated declines for Lipitor and Norvasc, primarily resulting from
the Value-Based Procurement program, which was initially implemented in March 2019 and expanded
nationwide beginning in December of 2019. These declines were consistent with our previous guidance for
the Upjohn business.

Regarding Upjohn's combination with Mylan, the industrial logic continues to be very attractive. While we
pushed out the expected timing of the deal close to the second half of 2020, mostly due to administrative
delays related to COVID-19, there is no change in our commitment to the transaction, and we continued
to move forward with all pre-closing activities and initiatives. Last week, the European Commission
approved the proposed transaction, subject to divestment of certain of Mylan's generic medicines.

Turning now to R&D. We continue to be excited with the progress we are making with our pipeline and the
potential it has to deliver significant benefits to patients across a range of therapeutic areas. Since our
last earnings call on January 28, we have seen some exciting milestones. We announced top line results
from a Phase III study of Pfizer's 20-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine in adults 18 years of age or
older. The vaccine candidate demonstrated a safety and immunogenicity profile comparable to licensed
pneumococcal vaccines, and we expect to file the adult 20-valent pneumococcal indication with the FDA in
early fourth quarter of 2020.

We are announced -- we are encouraged about our potential maternal RSV vaccine, which had a recent
Phase II readout with preliminary positive data with favorable tolerability and safety. A Phase III start is
projected within a few months and we look forward to discussing this data with regulators.

We announced positive top line results from a third Phase III trial of abrocitinib. The study, which
evaluated the safety and efficacy of abrocitinib in adults with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis who
were also on background topical therapy and included an active control arm treated with dupilumab plus
background topical therapy met both of its co-primary efficacy end points.

In a key secondary end point, the proportion of patients in the abrocitinib 200-milligram arc that achieved
a clinically significant reduction in each by week 2 was statistically superior to the dupilumab arm, while
the 100-milligram abrocitinib arm was numerically higher but not statistically significantly higher than the
dupilumab arm at week 2. These data, along with the results from other positive monotherapy clinical
trials, will support regulatory filings starting with the FDA planned for later this year.

Our filing for tanezumab was accepted for review in March at both the FDA and EMA. We are pursuing
approval for the 2.5-milligram dose administered subcutaneously in patients with chronic pain due to
moderate to severe osteoarthritis who have failed prior analgesics. In the U.S., we expect an advisory
committee meeting later this year and a decision from the FDA in December. A decision from the EU
regulators is expected next year.

Our ACC/DGAT2 inhibitor combination has achieved positive results in a Phase II proof-of-concept study
for NASH. Data from that study will be shared at an upcoming congress. The license ANGPTL3 antisense
oligonucleotide project successfully concluded the Phase I/IIa part of the program, meeting its primary

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

PFIZER INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

end point and multiple secondary end points. The program has advanced towards Phase IIb with a focus
on 2 indications: severe hypertriglycemia and cardiovascular risk reduction.

Preliminary results in our Phase Ib Duchenne muscular dystrophy gene therapy study support the
continuation of the trial and the start of a Phase III program, which is anticipated to begin dosing patients
in the second half of 2020, subject to regulatory approvals, of course. The Phase Ib trial continues despite
the current COVID-19 pandemic because of the urgent need of these patients and their families. We
will be sharing more results from this trial on May 15 at the American Society for Gene & Cell Therapy
conference.

Despite a brief pause in clinical trial recruitment, most of our key pipeline programs continue to move
forward. The anticipated timing for top line data from the Phase III IBRANCE PALLAS study remains
early 2021, for example, because the study was already fully enrolled before the pause. 20-valent
pneumococcal adult studies also have completed and we are just waiting on the results. We look forward
to rescheduling our Investor Day previously scheduled for March 31 once we have a clearer picture of the
evolving guidelines regarding COVID-19.

So now before I turn it over to Frank, I would like to give you a broad review of our reaffirmed 2020
financial guidance for total Pfizer. Pfizer and Upjohn combined, which I see as a strong message regarding
the strength and resilience of our business. I will speak to total Pfizer and Frank will provide more specifics
in his comments.

Since our initial 2020 guidance was provided in January, we have seen 3 incremental factors that we have
incorporated into our guidance: R&D investments we have made and plan to make during 2020 to combat
COVID-19; the projected COVID-19 impact and other operational impact items on our operations in terms
of the P&L; and changes in foreign exchange rates.

In terms of the first factor, as you have seen us announce already, we see promising science-based
opportunity in terms of combating COVID-19. In support of this highly important initiative, we are
increasing our projected R&D investment for 2020 by $500 million. This predominantly reflects the
investment in our COVID-19 vaccine development collaboration with BioNTech, which is rapidly moving
forward.

Regarding the second factor, we have analyzed the changing dynamics within our markets and believe that
we are likely to see more negative impacts during the second quarter driven primarily by reductions in
new patient starts due to reduced office visits and diagnostic testing and lower levels of elective surgeries.

But we are modeling an overall economic recovery beginning in the second half of this year with an
expectation that health care activity will approach pre-COVID-19 levels later in the year. Obviously, there
are still uncertainties, but we believe we do have a resilient business model and a clearer line of sight for
our business as compared with those in many other sectors of the economy.

Our portfolio comprises medicines where we see potential different types of impact from the COVID-19
pandemic. Some are medically necessary such as Eliquis and IBRANCE but also more reliant on continuing
patients. Some are generally more reliant on new patient starts such as VYNDAQEL or Chantix or used
in certain surgeries and still other medicines that have been identified as medically necessary in the
pandemic such as some of our hospital sterile injectable products and are seeing increased utilization
because of the COVID-19 crisis.

Also remember that a large proportion of our portfolio is made up of oral or self-injected medicines and
that do not require a visit to an infusion center or doctor's office. In addition, a majority of revenue for our
portfolio is derived from specialty pharmacy channels, which enables direct delivery of these medicines to
patients. Both are positive factors in the current environment.

Given that, we anticipated a blended impact of COVID-19. Let me offer a few specifics regarding how we
are projecting the COVID-19 pandemic to impact our larger revenue growth drivers. Medicines such as
IBRANCE and Eliquis, both are expected to continue to generate new patient starts, but they are also more
mature and therefore, more dependent on maintenance therapy with continuing patients. Both are oral
medicines, leaders in their categories and very well-known to physicians.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

PFIZER INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Attributes such as Eliquis' noted safety profile, which does not require a regular monitoring, may provide
an opportunity for appropriate patients with an alternative treatment option during this time. As for
IBRANCE, while we would expect to see some minimal impact in new patient starts for IBRANCE in second
quarter, we also expect to see a catch-up in the second half of the year.

VYNDAQEL is a good example of a recently launched product that not only is highly dependent on new
patient starts, but the diagnosis process also requires a doctor's office visit and subsequent diagnostic
testing through additional office visits. We anticipate a drop in new patient starts and are seeing that
currently -- and we are seeing that currently. But we believe the strong momentum behind this product
will resume in the second half of the year in terms of diagnosis, prescribing and patient access.

Regarding Prevnar, while we anticipate a temporary slowdown in vaccinations in the second quarter, we
believe that a resurgence in infant vaccinations to catch up would take place in the second half of the year.
And for adults, we anticipate there will be heightened awareness of the importance of getting vaccinated
prior to the next flu season.

As for Xeljanz, in a category where many other products are infusions, Xeljanz provide an oral option for
patients, which should be well suited to the current environment. Because Xeljanz has been in the market
for more than 8 years, a large proportion of its revenues is driven by continuing patients. It also has broad
payer access and patient copay support. We expect to see temporary impact to new patient starts for
Xeljanz in the second quarter. But again, we expect to see recovery in the second half of the year.

Where we are seeing a more pronounced negative impact is with medicines that may not seem as obvious.
Chantix, for example, which is generally prescribed during a well visit with a physician, and BMP, which is
used in elective surgeries, would be 2 products I would highlight here in this category. So when looking
across the portfolio, we don't see these as revenue that will be lost forever but mainly as deferred revenue
to be slowly recouped as the pandemic eases and we see a normalization of interactions between our sales
force and physicians and between physicians and patients.

As a result, we believe that the anticipated net impact of these factors, in combination with some non-
COVID-related operational improvements, should be negligible in terms of our total company revenue rate
projections for 2020. We have also reduced our SI&A guidance for the year. This reflects reduced spending
on both direct and indirect SI&A during the first quarter as well as some additional efficiencies identified
for the remainder of 2020 in our indirect SI&A reduction initiatives.

Lastly, regarding foreign exchange. Since our initial guidance in January, the U.S. dollar has strengthened,
which drives an expected reduction on our revenues of approximately $600 million and negatively impact
adjusted earnings per share by approximately $0.04. Bringing this all together now, our current view of
the underlying strength, breadth and projected resilience of our business in these uncertain times allow
us to absorb both incremental $500 million in projected R&D investment this year and the incrementally
negative foreign exchange impact to maintain our initial guidance ranges on both the top and bottom
lines.

In addition, I see the long-term fundamentals of our business remaining strong. And following the
completion of the Upjohn transaction, I expect our business to be positioned to generate at least 6%
compound annual revenue growth through 2025. We expect adjusted EPS obviously to grow even faster.
Now I will turn it over to Frank. Frank?

Frank A. D'Amelio
CFO & EVP of Global Supply & Business Operations

Thanks, Albert. Good day, everyone. Before I walk you through our results for the quarter, I want to
comment on the current global pandemic, which is impacting nearly every industry around the world.
Despite the challenges inherent in operating in this environment, the fundamentals of our business
continue to be strong and our outlook for the future of the company remains bright. We continue to
have a strong balance sheet and a favorable credit rating, which we expect to allow us to access the
capital markets as needed, which was demonstrated in late March with the issuance of a $1.25 billion
sustainability bond, the first of its kind in our industry.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

PFIZER INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

On the supply side, all 49 of our manufacturing facilities remain operational, and we have not seen
a significant disruption in our supply chain as a result of the pandemic. To ensure the safety of our
manufacturing colleagues while they perform this critical work, we have put in place enhanced safety
measures at all of our plants, including investing in protective equipment, staggering shifts so that fewer
colleagues are present at once, restricting site access to only essential workers and requiring colleagues to
log their contacts while on site.

I want to acknowledge how proud I am of the way our colleagues, many of whom are on the front
lines in this fight, have responded to this crisis with courage and passion, from those who are working
around the clock on potential treatments or vaccines for COVID-19 to those who continue to operate our
manufacturing and supply chains to ensure patients can have the medicines they need. It is in times like
these that the strength of our culture and of our people really shines.

Now on to the financials. First quarter 2020 revenues were $12 billion, down 7% operationally versus
the year-ago quarter. Of course, most of this decline is due to the fact that we no longer report revenues
for our Consumer Healthcare business. Excluding this impact, revenues were down 1% operationally. As
Albert already explained in detail, our Biopharma revenues grew 12% operationally this quarter driven by
strength across multiple products with approximately 1 percentage point of that growth attributable to the
net impact of COVID-19 on product sales.

Upjohn revenues declined 37% operationally driven by generic competition for Lyrica in the U.S. and
declining sales of Lipitor and Norvasc in China due to the implementation and nationwide expansion of the
volume-based procurement program. Importantly, both of these negative drivers were anticipated in our
previous Upjohn guidance.

For total company, adjusted SI&A expenses in the quarter were down 16% operationally. Approximately
half of that decline was due to the fact that we no longer report expenses for the Consumer Healthcare
business. The remainder of the decrease was driven by reductions in field force, advertising and
promotional expenses due to the LOE of Lyrica in the U.S. and lower selling expenses for Lipitor and
Norvasc in China due to volume-based procurement as well as lower indirect SI&A spending associated
with corporate-enabling functions.

Both reported and adjusted diluted EPS for the first quarter were down compared to the year-ago quarter.
The decrease was primarily due to lower revenues mainly driven by the loss of exclusivity for Lyrica in
the U.S., partially offset by lower SI&A expenses. Finally, foreign exchange had a negative impact of
$134 million or 1% on first quarter 2020 revenues and a $0.02 negative impact on adjusted diluted EPS
compared to the year-ago quarter.

Before walking you through our guidance updates in detail, I want to acknowledge that no one currently
knows exactly how and in what time frame the COVID-19 pandemic will progress and eventually come
to its resolution. Given those uncertainties, along with our desire to be as transparent as possible, we
are providing on this chart the key COVID-19-related assumptions that are reflected in today's guidance
update.

In summary, our financial guidance reflects our expectation that most health care systems around the
world will begin to resume their normal functions in the second half of 2020, including in-person doctor
visits, new-to-brand prescription trends, sales force activities and clinical trial enrollment. The guidance
also assumes we will be able to continue to operate our manufacturing and supply chain without material
disruption and that we will continue to invest in potential treatments and vaccines against COVID-19
throughout 2020.

With that, let's take a look at our guidance. Consistent with last quarter, we are providing 3 sets of
financial guidance. As a reminder, those 3 sets of guidance are as follows: total company, which reflects
our current construct of the Biopharma and Upjohn businesses and excludes any impact from the pending
Upjohn combination with Mylan; two, new Pfizer, which is a full year pro forma view that reflects the
impact of the pending Viatris transaction by removing Upjohn and including $12 billion in cash proceeds
from Upjohn to new Pfizer; and other transaction-related factors, such as transitional service, Upjohn as a
stand-alone business.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

PFIZER INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Let me remind you that the Upjohn guidance includes the Meridian business and our collaboration with
Mylan in Japan as we discussed last quarter. All of these scenarios continue to be based on a full year of
revenues and expenses in 2020.

Beginning with total company, as Albert mentioned, we are reaffirming our guidance ranges for both
revenue and adjusted diluted EPS despite absorbing incremental negative impacts due to foreign exchange
fluctuations since mid-January of approximately $600 million on revenue and $0.04 on adjusted diluted
EPS.

Moving down the income statement, we lowered our cost of sales as a percentage of revenue guidance
range by 0.4 percentage points to reflect favorability resulting from changes in product mix and other
efficiencies. For selling, information and administrative expenses, we are lowering our guidance. This
reflects incremental cost savings opportunities primarily related to indirect SI&A spending as well as actual
and anticipated spending reductions as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and as Albert already spoke
about, the $500 million upward revision to our R&D expense range. Finally, our guidance continues to
anticipate no share repurchases in 2020.

Moving on to financial guidance for new Pfizer and Upjohn. Despite absorbing negative incremental
impacts on revenues due to changes in foreign exchange rates since mid-January of approximately

$500 million for new Pfizer and $100 million for Upjohn, we are reaffirming the fiscal year 2020 revenue
guidance ranges for both pro forma companies. Additionally, we are reaffirming the guidance ranges for
adjusted IBT margin and adjusted diluted EPS for new Pfizer as well as adjusted EBITDA for Upjohn. The
only change to the guidance we gave for new Pfizer is a $1 billion reduction in the range for operating cash
flow driven entirely by a $1.25 billion voluntary U.S. pension contribution, which we plan to make in the
second half of 2020.

Moving on to key takeaways. In the first quarter of 2020, our company performed well in a challenging
environment driven by strong revenue growth from our Biopharma business. We reaffirmed our 2020
guidance for revenues and adjusted diluted EPS, and we achieved multiple product and pipeline milestones
since our last quarterly update, some of which are listed here, demonstrating the continued advancement
of our late-stage pipeline. Finally, we paid $2.1 billion in dividends to our shareholders this quarter. As
always, we remain committed to delivering attractive shareholder returns in 2020 and beyond. Now I'll
turn it back to Chuck.

Charles E. Triano
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Frank, and thanks, Albert, for those comments. Operator, can we please now poll for questions?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

PFIZER INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of David Risinger from Morgan Stanley.

David Reed Risinger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Yes. Thanks very much for the detailed review and congratulations on the performance. So I have 2
questions, please. First is with respect to the guidance and the second is on the vaccine candidate.

So with respect to the guidance and the assumptions on Slide 13, could you just discuss what you're
assuming with respect to a potential resurgence in COVID during the start of the flu season in the fourth
quarter and the impact of that on health care systems and physician visits?

And then second, with respect to your vaccine candidate with BioNTech, could you just discuss your level
of conviction that you have the right candidate that will be safe and effective? And when do you expect to
generate animal data? And when do you expect to generate initial human data?

Albert Bourla
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Dave, thank you very much. Very good questions as usual. The first one with guidance, let me ask Frank
to make comments about the assumptions.

Frank A. D'Amelio
CFO & EVP of Global Supply & Business Operations

So David, on our guidance, we are assuming a recovery in the second half of the year. We expect the
second quarter to be -- the quarter that's primarily impacted in a negative way from the COVID-19 virus.
But we do expect a recovery in the second half of the year, and that includes the items that we talked
about in our comments: in-person doctor visits start up again, new-to-brand prescription trends, sales
force activities, clinical trial enrollment and obviously, all of our sites continuing to operate and provide
medicines to patients the way that they're currently doing today. So punchline, second half recovery and
the health care system returns to normal operations.

Albert Bourla
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Frank. And now, Mikael, I think you would like to comment on the vaccine. Before, let me
say just one thing on the vaccine that this is a new technology, but we are very familiar with both the
technology and the company because we are working with them the last 2 years in a joint project to
develop with the same technology of flu vaccine.

So we jumped into the COVID-19 when they need to merge jointly together. And we are applying, of
course, all the learnings of the -- the learnings that we had with the technology during the last few years.
Now Mikael, can you please speak more specifics about this specific project?

Mikael Dolsten
Chief Scientific Officer and President of Worldwide Research, Development & Medical

Thank you, Albert and Dave, for asking this important question. I would start by saying I think we have
the most comprehensive SARS-CoV-2 vaccine program currently ongoing and it's specifically related
to mRNA. As Albert alluded to, we had built a lot of experience on the various types of mRNA and the
formulation of lipid nanoparticles through 2 years' work on flu and a lot of different animal data coming
from our work and work from BioNTech on both oncology and other programs.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

PFIZER INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

When it comes to the specific Lightspeed program as it's called that has basically, in 2 to 3 months,
moved from the drawing table to dosing patients right now, it contains, as we have announced, 4 different
vaccine candidates that will be studied in humans, the first one already dosed, and that allow us, more
than anyone, to cherrypick from a new disease like COVID-19 what mRNA type, what antigen is the
most effective and allow us to pick 1 or 2 to move into pivotal studies. So that covers unmodified mRNA,
modified and the self-amplifying. To the best of my knowledge, we're the only one currently having self-
amplified mRNA in the clinic, which would allow you to dose at lower dose than any other construct. We
already have animal data from rodents on the various constructs that are encouraging. And we also have
data from patient sero that shows that the 2 antigen that we picked seems to be the most relevant for
intervening and neutralizing viruses. And by having picked 2, spike or the smaller component receptor-
binding domain, again, I think we will be able to cherrypick what turns out to translate most effectively in
man.

So more animal data will come over the next few weeks on primates. And I expect human data to come
late May, June from the first experiments performed on plasma from vaccinated patients. And this is a
unique trial design with continuous dataflow that should allow us to progress fast our data with regulators.
So we expect the flow of data coming May, June and then move into expanded trials that could allow
emergency use or accelerated approval coming in the fall, possibly October and onwards. So thank you
very much for your questions.

Albert Bourla
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Mikael. And also, let me add here that the reason also why we jumped into this is not only
because we had the familiarity with the company, with the technology and we could discuss this project,
that was very exciting, but also, we have -- we are uniquely positioned to help during this crisis because
we have the end-to-end capabilities. We are having very strong capabilities from early preclinical research,
all the way to manufacturing. And frankly, as we have, I think, said, but I make it very clear now also, we
are planning to manufacture at risk this vaccine.

So if the technical success and regulatory approvals are there, we will have doses available in -- during
the last quarter of this year. And also, it would be an omission if I wouldn't mention right now that -- how
grateful we are with the advice and collaboration that FDA is giving us, that they are trying to work their
time lines day and night as well so that they can help bring to the world a solution.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Chris Schott from JPMorgan.

Christopher Thomas Schott
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just 2. First on VYNDAQEL and the impact from COVID. It sounds like you're expecting a slowdown in
diagnosis rates in the quarter. Should we also expect that Rxs and patients receiving drugs should also
slow? Or could those actually keep ramping, once you've identified a product, they can keep working
through the process?

My second question on VYNDAQEL was also on payer mix. You've had a little bit more experience with
the product. And we're still trying to get a sense of where gross-to-net could shake out for the product.
So any additional statistics here in terms of how many patients are getting free drug, how many are
reimbursed? Just any data there would be very helpful.

My final question was on Prevnar in infants. Are your expectations for that product for the year unchanged
so that we're going to obviously see a 2Q impact but you get kind of a catch-up in the second half of the
year? Or should we actually be thinking about Prevnar infant expectations for the year coming down as
that catch-up won't offset the lost sales in the quarter?

Albert Bourla
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

PFIZER INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Thank you. So I think all 3 questions are very well-suited for Angela to answer. So Angela, why don't you
start with VYNDAQEL?

Angela Hwang
Group President of Biopharmaceuticals Group

Great. Thank you. Thanks for those questions, Chris. So firstly on VYNDAQEL, as you can see, we continue
to have just great momentum behind this product. And we do believe that this will sustain its performance
throughout the year. As Albert mentioned, we do think that there will be some slowdown in NRxs in
the second quarter. And actually, just to align with those comments, we did see that in our patient hub
enrollment, the -- since the middle of March, we saw a decline of about 20% in the last 4 weeks compared
to the previous 4 weeks. So I think that this comment about new patient starts is one that we are seeing
in the patient hub.

However, let's also think about the great attributes of VYNDAQEL. It's an oral medication. It's one that is
being delivered through the specialty pharmacy directly to patients' homes. It's one that because of its
mortality benefits decreases hospitalizations. All of these really play well to the time that we're in right
now in this pandemic. And so we anticipate our continuing patients to be able to continue on their drugs
and be able to stay on therapy, so no impact on TRxs.

Your second question was around the payer mix. And on that front, we have not seen a change in terms
of the numbers of patients on commercial versus Medicare versus other books of business. That has been
pretty consistent through the time from launch. And our Medicare patients are the predominant part of our
patient population, and that hasn't changed at all.

And then I think your third question was on the Prevnar peds. And on Prevnar peds, similarly consistent
with comments made earlier, we do anticipate second quarter to have some slowdown. And this is just
because well visits aren't taking place, there is a lot more caution regarding visits to pediatricians' offices,
so we do anticipate some slowdown there. But we also know, both from our own research and from our
representatives, that pediatricians are anxious and are motivated to get the well visits back and to have
our infants as well as our children vaccinated. And therefore, based on that and based on the fact that we
expect a recovery in the second half, per Frank's comments about our assumptions, we do anticipate a
catch-up towards the second half of the year that will allow us to attain our expectations that we had for
peds for all of 2020.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Umer Raffat from Evercore ISI.

Umer Raffat
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I hope you all are staying safe. Mikael, on your antiviral for COVID, you're going down the protease
inhibitor track instead of the NUC. Maybe if you could explain the thought process. And if you could also
lay out for us the exact EC50 that you're seeing with your 3CL inhibitor. And I ask because some of the
initial 3CL inhibitor constructs you had chosen against SARS, their EC50s were above 10, so I wonder if
you are seeing something closer to a 1 on the protease inhibitor you've chosen. And secondly, on COVID
vaccine, Mikael, I'm curious what's the exact threshold on neutralizing antibody titer that you want to see
for you to say, you know what, we have something.

Albert Bourla
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Umer. So Mikael, the stage is yours.

Mikael Dolsten
Chief Scientific Officer and President of Worldwide Research, Development & Medical

Yes. Thank you very much, Umer. Great questions here. So let's start with the protease inhibitors. We
had a privilege that this isn't just a re-purposed protease inhibitor for -- from a distant relative. We had a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

PFIZER INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

collection of compounds that showed very potent activities through the SARS-CoV-1, and we were able to
model and show that it's a very strong similarity in the binding and have confirmed that these compounds
on the SARS-CoV-2, the COVID-19 disease, are very potent. We are talking about very potent non-
amiloride type of binding, and this is supported by X-ray data available that shows, again, unique, highly
selective binding patterns. We are now doing cellular antiviral studies which initial data is encouraging
again, showing potent activity which needs to be studied on different cell types where the virus may be
harbored.

All together, we think these are very promising drug candidates and we're moving swiftly ahead with
scaling up, adding other IND type of data to potentially, pending regulatory dialogues that have initiated,
be able to dose patients around August this year. We're also working on oral follow-on drugs and have
identified several candidates that show suitability for this type of delivery system. So all together, I feel
very encouraged that this could be the first-in-class protease drug for SARS-CoV-2, and we'll keep you
posted as we advance.

On the vaccine, clearly we are looking at what could be animal data guiding us on what should be the
relevant thresholds in order to have neutralization of virus. And we have, in discussion with regulators,
gotten good feedback on data from multiple animal models that we are pursuing that could help to
possibly even create a surrogate end point. We are also looking at convalescent serum from patients to
understand which of those that are used for treatment intervention guides us, and we will actually use
those also in intervention models. So while we expect in our Phase II study later, summer Q3, early, to
generate human data on our vaccine when it comes to impacts on events, this will be supplemented by
multiple animal models and plasma levels of neutralizing antibodies used in transfusion therapies.

So all in all, a multipronged approach to nail down the type of levels we should be aiming for and to keep
with the most aspirational goal of getting a vaccine that can be considered for emergency use, accelerated
approval around Q3 this year. Thank you very much.

Albert Bourla
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Mikael. And also to add, just with the antiviral as we did with the vaccines, we are producing
at-risk clinical material. So in case we decide to go in the summer into clinical studies, as Mikael said, we
would be able to do it immediately.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Terence Flynn from Goldman Sachs.

Terence C. Flynn
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Maybe 2 for me. The first is given the current environment, I was just wondering if there are any changes
to how you're approaching capital allocation here. Do you expect M&A and business development
opportunities to increase? I think you had talked on your fourth quarter call about potentially finalizing
some deals in the first half of the year. So just wondering if there's been any change on that front.

And then my second question is on your 20-valent pneumococcal disease program, we've now seen the
top line data for the adult Phase III setting come out. Just wondering what outstanding questions are left
here on that program as you look ahead on the forward and securing the filing in the fourth quarter.

Albert Bourla
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you very much. Frank, would you like to make some comments on the capital allocation?

Frank A. D'Amelio
CFO & EVP of Global Supply & Business Operations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

PFIZER INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Sure. So Terence, on capital allocation, our priorities remain the same, which are obviously dividends,
and we paid a $2.1 billion dividend to our shareholders this quarter, investing in the business and then
obviously, M&A, some mergers and acquisitions. And clearly, there's been some value reset in the industry,
and you can see some of that with some of the biotechs. And obviously, as we always do, we'll look for
opportunities where we think it's a good deal for our company and for our shareholders. The one thing I
want to balance this with, though, is even though valuations reset, Board of Directors' and management
teams' expectations don't necessarily reset at the same pace. So that's always something we have to work
our way through. But from a high-level priority perspective, our capital allocation priorities remain the
same.

Albert Bourla
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Frank. And then, Mikael, is there anything that you are waiting more on pneumococcal adult or
you think you can file?

Mikael Dolsten
Chief Scientific Officer and President of Worldwide Research, Development & Medical

We are very confident in the pneumococcal adult after the completion of the main efficacy studies that we
have done a press release, and it has the immunogenicity, safety and tolerability that we were looking for.
We also recently had a lot of consistency studies to read out, which again showed similar grade profiles for
the 20-valent to be used in the adult setting. We are still having one study that is for patients previously
immunized with a pneumococcal vaccine that will be coming shortly. But for naive patients, we do have all
data available, looking like a very strong profile and weighing just to supplement with the dataset coming
on the previously immunized, which this would be to expand their coverage, and that's why we feel very
confident about filing. And you heard from Albert's introduction that we moved into early Q4. Thank you
very much.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Randall Stanicky from RBC Capital Markets.

Randall S. Stanicky
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Just 2 questions, probably both for Angela. Can you just talk about the IBRANCE trends, particularly the
EU5 price headwinds? When did those update? And how should we think about IBRANCE growth for this
year? And then just a follow-up on VYNDAQEL. The 13% diagnosis rate, it's a nice jump from 4Q of 9%.
Any change to where you guys think that can ultimately get to, putting aside near-term headwinds from
COVID?

Albert Bourla
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Angela, go ahead.

Angela Hwang
Group President of Biopharmaceuticals Group

Sure. So IBRANCE in the EU, I want to affirm that fundamentals and outgrowth for IBRANCE in the EU
continues to be really strong. And we continue to see great growth opportunities into the future. Right now
the first-line metastatic breast cancer share of the CDK class is only at 38%, so there's room for growth
here. And we do have a strong leading market share of 68% of all CDKs. So I think just right there, you
can see that there are continued opportunities for growth, and that is how we see it.

We saw very strong double-digit growth for IBRANCE in volume. And what you didn't see and why that
didn't translate into net sales is because we negotiated a number of very large contracts with certain large
European countries. Many of these happened in Q4 of 2019. And because these contracts are multiyear,
what you get here now is some stability in that, and so this has allowed us to re-base our business. And

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

PFIZER INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

so those impacts are already included in our guidance. And because of the timing of when these contracts
were signed, we expect to return to net sales growth in the second half of 2020. So all in all, I think it's
just the timing and the year-on-year comparison that is driving the effect of what you're seeing from a
net sales perspective. But I want to reaffirm that our fundamentals are strong, the value proposition of
IBRANCE is strong, and we continue to see tremendous growth opportunities both for the class as well as
our own share.

Your next question was about VYNDAQEL, and I think your question was around just sort of diagnosis and
whether we're seeing anything particular there. And no, I mean, the strategy that we have deployed from
the beginning, which is to find and heighten awareness around which patients we should suspect for ATTR-
CM and then have those patients be then diagnosed through scintigraphy continues to be the mainstay of
how we are generating diagnosis. With time, we are deploying and we're experimenting with our artificial
intelligence and different sort of predictive models that might allow us to again support the suspicion of
these patients. But I would say that our strategies have been rather consistent since launch. And I think
that the diagnosis rates that we're seeing tell us that what we've been doing is working well. There's
great receptivity for this product, both from physicians as well as from patients. We are very active on the
education front, both from a diagnosis and from a treatment perspective. So I think that what we've been
doing is really working well and will continue to do so.

Operator

Your next question comes from Tim Anderson from Wolfe Research.

Timothy Minton Anderson
Wolfe Research, LLC

On your 20-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine, just an update on timing for when we are likely to
see the Phase III trial start in peds to keep that gap with Merck as small as possible. And then a second
question on adjuvant IBRANCE. Just an update on timing of when we will see the data. And when you do
top line net, are you likely to disclose any results, or is it just going to be a qualitative top line?

Albert Bourla
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. Thank you very much. Let me take quickly the adjuvant, and then with -- Mikael, please answer the
20-valent and add if you have anything on the adjuvant. We have not run any interim analysis yet on the
PALACE study. And we expect, as we said before, the study will come to conclusion -- actually, will come to
completion, which means that we'll not stop, we expect, during the interim because we have set very high
criteria for stopping. So typically, we do not announce when we have interim analysis data and visibility
unless if we stop. So as I said, we don't have data. We haven't performed an analysis yet. If an analysis
has been performed, typically, we don't announce it, and the study will come to completion as expected
early in 2021. So Mikael, on the 20-valent, on the peds, when we can start the Phase III and if you have
to add something on the PALACE.

Mikael Dolsten
Chief Scientific Officer and President of Worldwide Research, Development & Medical

Thank you very much, Albert and Tim, for the questions. We -- after the press release of the 3 injections,
immunization of the peds, we later shared that the fourth dose further substantiate the data. We have
had extensive regulatory dialogues in the U.S. and elsewhere and shared all those datasets. So we are
planning to start the ped PCV20 very soon. We're talking likely about just a few weeks, to be clear. So
that's our projected plans right now. And I think you said very well on the adjuvant IBRANCE studies that
we feel very optimistic and good about them and just waiting for them to report on the date that we have
communicated.

Charles E. Triano
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

PFIZER INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Thank you. Angela, do you want to add anything on the pediatric marketplace as we see it potentially
playing out?

Angela Hwang
Group President of Biopharmaceuticals Group

Sure, Chuck. So as you said, we will launch tentatively after the Merck 15. However, we don't anticipate
that the ACIP will make a preferential recommendation between the 2. And therefore, we believe that
PCV13 will compete with 15 until the PCV20 comes to market. And we are confident of our PCV13. It
has tremendous experience with health care professionals. We have very strong account management
developed through our -- with our customers through the year that we've been on the market, and we
also have a very reliable supply track record. And so despite the, maybe, gap in launches, we anticipate to
be competing in the market and to continue to support the benefits of PCV13 to infants.

Operator

Your next question is from Louise Chen from Cantor.

Louise Alesandra Chen
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division

So my first question for you is do you have any update or more details on the go-forward strategy for
Pfizer post the Upjohn separation as it pertains to M&A, pipeline assets, what you're thinking about there?
And then what, in your DMD Phase Ib data, gave you confidence to move into Phase III studies? Where
are you with manufacturing? And what type of data do you think you'll report out at ASGCT? And then
my last question here is just back on PCV20. Just curious if you think from the adult side, that the ACIP
recommendation would change at all if you were to get approved for PCV20.

Albert Bourla
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Let me maybe speak a little bit on the strategy on M&A, and then John also can add to that, and then I
will ask Mikael on the DMD and then maybe Angela on the PCV20 again, how ACIP will do the adults. On
the go-forward strategy, our strategy is very clear and will remain the same. Post the expected separation
with Upjohn, Pfizer will become a top line best-in-class growth story. And we are feeling more and more
confident about it. We are strengthening our language around the 6%. Today, I said at least 6% will grow.
And -- but we expect that will continue.

Now the M&A is not a strategy. It is a tool to support the strategy. And that's why the M&A in the past
were much more geared towards buying revenues or buying earnings growth by big mergers that could
cut costs because this is what we needed at that time. Right now moving forward, we are not in a need
to buy EPS. Our EPS will grow organically as our revenues will grow organically. So our M&A, although
we never say never on anything in M&A, right now it is -- will continue, that our strategy is not to go
to a big M&A for the following 3 reasons: one, it is that very few targets will provide -- will not dilute
our growth, very few, most of them will grow less than us, so we'll have dilution; secondly, that targets,
usually, they want a significant premium, and those make me feel that most of the value is captured by
the shareholders of the acquirer, like the one that is making the acquisition; and of course, those big
acquisitions are creating some distractions, which R&D could be an issue. So these are the considerations.

In terms of saying where are we going to invest our capital, if this is not our first priority for the reasons
that I said, we are going to invest in early Phase II, Phase III, ready to start potential medicines that could
be part of our pipeline so that we will strengthen the pipeline that is coming post, as products post '25,
'26, '27, '28, so that we can sustain the growth that already we feel very confident we have organically in
the next 5, 6 years. So that's on our strategy and M&A. Now DMD, Mikael, what makes you optimistic?

Mikael Dolsten
Chief Scientific Officer and President of Worldwide Research, Development & Medical

Yes. Thank you very much. I mean it's such a transformative area treating these boys with Duchenne.
So we have now treated, as you will learn more at the conference, 11 patients, 8 of them at the high

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

PFIZER INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

dose of 3E to the 14. And we continue to see very consistent data on efficacy looking at the dystrophin
expression, the distribution of the dystrophin. And as we have treated more patients, and the early boys
that were treated, we have now longer observation period, we can also see that durability seems to
exceed 12 months when it comes to the unit expression, which makes us feeling very good that this could
be a long durability for these boys. And we also have data coming out on muscle health, creatine kinase
and more recently, MRI, that allow us again to add another level of confidence that we're changing the
health of the muscles.

And finally, for the motor function, where you use clinical scales, we have seen now across a number
of treated boys a favorable data on their NorthStar index. And I want to point out that we have seen it
across different ages because if you mainly monitor early boys for this, they do have some spontaneous
improvement that could be difficult to differ from treatment in use, but we have also seen it on older boys
where you expect decline but we have noted improvement instead. So all in all, we feel that we have
now accumulated a very robust dataset on efficacy, and we have learned important experiences how to
mitigate risk and manage any possible safety event. Of course, we have one of the largest effort on new
therapy manufacturing that has been expanding in North Carolina, and that will all come together now in
our plans to start Phase III trials in just a few months. So thank you for your interest.

Albert Bourla
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Mikael. You really have very exciting news for these boys, particularly as they have virtually no
solutions right now. Angela, what about our views on what could be the recommendations of ACIP on the
adult pneumococcal vaccine, the 20, and competition?

Angela Hwang
Group President of Biopharmaceuticals Group

Yes. So we're really excited about our PCV20 program and specifically about the breadth, that serotype
coverage that PCV20 provides. And we really see the benefit in 2 ways. One, first of all, these incremental
serotypes are associated with high-case fatality rates, antibiotic resistance and/or meningitis. So these are
sort of serious diseases that these serotypes will be able to cover. But also, relative to PCV15, PCV20 is
expected to provide 33% more coverage against IPD strains in adults.

So with these data, our plan is to bring this forward to the CDC and our regulatory authorities. We will
certainly be discussing recommendations and what all this means. But I think in the end, we all know that
this is a decision that the CDC needs to make, and we will be having these conversations with them as
our program develops. But certainly, we feel very strongly about the potential benefits and the additional
coverage that PCV20 can provide. And we'll keep you posted with what happens with the CDC. Thank you.

Albert Bourla
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Angela. And John, do you have to add any comments on our go-forward strategy given that
you are managing this area very successfully right now and particularly on M&A targets or licensing
targets that we have?

John D. Young
Group President & Chief Business Officer

Hi. Thanks, Albert, and thanks for the question. Obviously, we don't talk about specific targets as you
all know. But I think Albert sort of really hit on the sort of main point in our -- in his answer, which is we
feel really good about the prospects for the continued growth of our core business. In terms of business
development to strengthen that, our focus is absolutely on clinical-stage assets. I think Frank touched on
this in his answer to capital allocation earlier on, but we're really very focused on clinical-stage assets that
could complement our existing internal pipeline that we feel good about.

So we're going to be focused on areas, including oncology, where there could be interesting tuck-ins.
We're going to be looking at rare disease. There's a lot of innovation taking place there, and I think we're

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

PFIZER INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

uniquely placed because of the capabilities in manufacturing and development that Mikael has touched
on to add to our pipeline. And we continue to look across our other areas as well as select opportunities.
So we think there are opportunities out there. We continue to be very active in this space. But of course,
we're always going to make sure that we are disciplined and we deploy capital in a way that really
optimizes value for our shareholders, but most importantly, for our patients. So I think between Albert's
and Frank's answers, hopefully, that gives you a flavor of how we feel about capital deployment and
business development for our business strategy post the separation of Upjohn.

Albert Bourla
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you very much. And I'm not sure if we answered also the question on DMD about manufacturing.
And yes, we feel very good about manufacturing. Our investments are progressing very nicely. And we will
be able to manufacture at scale for the DMD, provided that is successful as well. So Chuck, let's go to the
next question.

Operator

Your next question comes from Steve Scala from Cowen.

Stephen Michael Scala
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

I have a few questions. First, on abrocitinib. I believe only the higher dose was better than Dupixent but
there were safety issues at that dose and it was not superior on itch. It seems the outlook is not all that
positive. You obviously think differently, so could you explain? Secondly, you spoke about the PALACE
trial. But to clarify, the PENELOPE-B neoadjuvant trial, did you say the readout is now Q1 of '21? We had
thought it was likely to be top line this year. And then lastly, can you just quantify the Eliquis stocking in
the quarter?

Albert Bourla
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you very much. I will very quickly answer the PENELOPE. No. The PENELOPE is expected to come
in the second half of this year. The PALACE is expected to come early next year. This is exactly as we have
said it before. Mikael, why do you -- are you excited about abrocitinib?

Mikael Dolsten
Chief Scientific Officer and President of Worldwide Research, Development & Medical

Yes. We are very excited about abrocitinib, and let me just punctuate a few things. In the JADE compare
study, we show that both high and medium doses met co-primary end points in very effectively reducing
eczema. We had a key secondary end point of comparing itch to Dupixent's standard of care. And this is
one of the most patient-centric end point impacting quality of life, both day and nighttime. And the high
dose, statistically significantly showed better effect clinically meaningful than Dupixent, while the lower
dose, the 100-milligram numerically was better but didn't reach statistical significance. Overall, what we
see is more rapid onset with our oral abrocitinib than the biological Dupixent. And we see more rapid
onset numerically, whether you look at skin clearance or whether you see -- look at itch. And what -- while
there is some more infections always with higher doses of JAK inhibitors, we think, and I believe, that
the benefit versus the risk is still very favorable. These are mild to moderate cases, most attenuate and
basically all attenuate if you discontinue treatment.

And I want to finally emphasize that we have a very exciting additional trial that is not necessary for filing
but is coming later this year, the trial regimen that will study if you start on the 200-milligram, which we
know will clear skin, reduce itch much faster than standard of care. And then you can switch maintenance
to the 100-milligram, which will likely have a lower level of any adverse event, including infection. So
that gives you potentially max flexibility to treat and clean up itch on skin and go on a lower dose. But
again, the benefit risk to me looks very favorable also for the higher dose. These infections are relatively
rare, they are mild to moderate, and can easily be managed and are quite common for patients treated

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

PFIZER INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

by dermatologists. So I feel very good about high dose being superior and the low dose being somewhat
similar to Dupixent, still having faster onset of action numerically and is oral and very convenient to take.
I hope that gave you a good sense why I feel encouraged to see these new treatment options for patients
moving to regulatory discussions and hopefully soon available. Thank you.

Albert Bourla
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Mikael. And Angela, what about the inventory levels? Can you explain, of Eliquis?

Angela Hwang
Group President of Biopharmaceuticals Group

Yes. In terms of this Eliquis impact, what we saw was an uptick in terms of inventory levels to prepare for
the pandemic, and the impact was about in the mid-single digits in terms of worldwide revenue.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Baum from Citi.

Andrew Simon Baum
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

I note that you've added a couple of very distinguished scientists to the Board, also added a former
FDA commissioner under your tenure, Albert, as well as the Mylan transaction. Should we think about
this has been the accelerated evolution of Pfizer in terms of trying to improve the ROI that it has had
historically on R&D? And if so, aside from the measures that I outlined, perhaps you could highlight any
other internal, either organization, or talent enrichment that's gone on that also points in that direction?
And then second to Mike, Pfizer seems to have pivoted away from immuno-oncology, as many others
have done, given the disappointments post PD-1. If we do see the emergence of novel IO targets such
as to hit the SMOs out there for the randomized Phase II trials, should I assume that Pfizer is willing to
reengage back in that field? So I know I'm exaggerating in terms of binary but it does seem that you
have pivoted back towards small molecules. And then finally, if you could comment on the anticipated
treatment duration in the real-world setting for PALACE given the issues with adverse events as well as
reimbursement friction for Medicare patients.

Albert Bourla
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Andrew, can you repeat the first part of your question, the ROI?

Andrew Simon Baum
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Yes. So I was basically saying that under your tenure, Albert, there's a notable addition of 3 individuals
with high scientific calibers. So obviously, the former FDA commissioner, but also 2 very distinguished
scientists as well as de-complexifying the organization by the Upjohn transaction. So when I think about
the evolution of the business under Pfizer, it does seem there's a concerted attempt to try and shine more
light or improve the ROIs through some of these measures. So I was asking are there any other internal
measures, talent enrichment inside the organization or new R&D structures designed to improve R&D,
either through accelerating programs, killing early the normal stuff. But has something changed in the
profile of improving the ROI on R&D, particularly in the...

Albert Bourla
Chairman of the Board & CEO

I got it now. No, thank you very much, thank you very much. And the answer is absolutely yes. It's not
by chance, but right now, in our Board, we have 5 top scientists, 4 of them physicians, top scientists that
they have unique expertise, either in regulatory science. They have unique expertise in development. They
have unique expertise in basic science, both in primary care and metabolic diseases and immunology.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

PFIZER INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

We have also, through Susan Hockfield, she was the pioneer of bringing together the genomics data with
computation power. She was the first biologist and first woman to be any head of -- President of the MIT.

And this is a very clear statement that Pfizer is different. Pfizer is a science-based company, and this is
where the growth is coming. And we are adding those Board members to provide also more visibility, but
also because they help us with their very high knowledge. Now there is not 1 or 2. There are multiple
measures, that -- metrics that we are using to assess if indeed our R&D machine is a new machine and if
we can count on it in this new strategy, and they are all pointing in this direction. I think we've made very
clear that the Pfizer of the past, because you ask a question of how -- if you can kill quickly and if you can,
let's say, progress things that they really matter rather than move everything, Pfizer of the past had the
success rate of Phase II studies of 15%, what I saw in the past, a few years back, 15%, when the industry
was 1/3.

Today, Pfizer's success rate, it is close to 50%, 5-0, and that's on a rolling 4 years assessment right now.
And I'm sure, next year, we'll be 50% or rolling 50%. And this is not the only one. In 2019, we were the
company that introduced most new molecular entities of anybody else who would expect that from Pfizer,
and I can go on and on. John Young has a very detailed list of criteria and he is managing the governing
process that is making sure that as we allocate capital, we allocate with R&D ROI in mind.

And also, I will add that the speed with which the company is reacting has nothing to do with the company
of the past. And by the way, this is very well-indicated in the way that we were able to move better than
any biotech in speed in developing vaccine or in the speed in developing an antiviral. And the reason why
we have been able to accomplish this speed, in addition to be cultural, it is also that we can break the
company into 5 distinct business units plus 1, 6 -- excuse me, 6, together with hospitals, business units,
and that each one of these business units, for example, oncology, vaccines, rare diseases, they operate
like a biotech. They make decisions end-to-end, from commercial to early R&D within this structure, like
if I said if they were a biotech company and they are presenting their request for finance and into the
committee that John Young is managing so that you can allocate the capital.

And last but not least, although Pfizer is laser-focused on this and ROI of R&D as we are progressing, it
was absolutely to avoid misunderstanding. It was absolutely none of -- it was absolutely not one of our
criteria when we jumped into the COVID-19 programs. The only criteria that we used as we jumped into
the COVID-19 projects was if we are -- we can have a solution, if we can make the difference. If we think
that our technology is a good one so that we can bring a vaccine or an antiviral. Because this is not times
that ROI should prevail for COVID-19, it is times that a solution should be found. So with that, I hope I
gave you some color on how Pfizer is standing and what is the meaning, which is more than symbolic, of
appointing the new Board members. And I go to Mikael to answer your second question.

Mikael Dolsten
Chief Scientific Officer and President of Worldwide Research, Development & Medical

Yes. Thank you for that question. We think one needs to be careful and not throw everything under the
kitchen sink into immuno-oncology. So we try really to cherrypick the areas where we have learned after
the initial positioning of PDxs. One example is bifunctional antibodies. We have a dose escalation of a
BCMA bifunctional that looks very encouraging with subdued unique profile. We have follow-on PD-1
bifunctional with cytokines that can boost immune resistance. And we have oncolytic viruses. We were
successful combining Inlyta with PDx, and we're building on that experience to now move from actually
our Boulder units from Array, a small molecule this year that we think is an immune enhancer for cancer,
an AXL-MER inhibitor. So I hope you got that answer that we are cherrypicking the areas where we think
we can break resistance to IO rather than just throwing everything onto these areas.

Albert Bourla
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you very much for your questions, Andrew. So Chuck?

Charles E. Triano
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

PFIZER INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Yes. Let's try to get a couple more in. Operator, next question, please?

Operator

Your next question is from Vamil Divan from Mizuho Securities.

Vamil Kishore Divan
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Great. So one, maybe following up on the abrocitinib question from before, Steve's question, so Mikael, I
definitely get the enthusiasm you have on the efficacy side and the convenience side. I guess my question
is just more on safety now that you've seen the compared data and as you think about the filing. Just your
level of confidence on the label being clean from some of the black box warnings we see for the current
JAK and some infections and malignancies obviously, also BTEs. I think in talking to dermatologists, it
feels like it will be critical for it to be -- to not have a black box in order to compete with a product like
Dupixent. So maybe if just you can share your views there.

And then second one, also on the immunology pipeline. Your JAK3, the 1 6 0 0, just curious on timing
of that. I think clinical trial says that the trial's expected to read out the Phase II, Phase III, expected in
September of this year, but it also said that it's still recruiting patients. So just trying to get a better sense
of when we might see data for that product. I know it has Breakthrough status.

Albert Bourla
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you, Vamil. Mikael, respond immediately.

Mikael Dolsten
Chief Scientific Officer and President of Worldwide Research, Development & Medical

Yes. Abrocitinib, we have a large database. I feel very good about its profile. We have not seen any
cardiovascular issues, and that's really what is worrying about safety. While we see, as expected, some
viral skin infections, I consider that more of safety tolerability and are very mild and moderate and can
be well managed with standard experience in medical practice. I cannot speculate about black box, that's
really for regulators.

Our JAK3 in alopecia has a very unique profile, the most selective of all JAKs that I've seen this far. We
think readout will be probably, as we have predicted, mid-'21, and this is a pivotal study that could go
quickly to filing. We do have, end of this year, a number of JAK inhibitor readouts in the Phase II like JAK3
in vitiligo. We have oral TYK2 in psoriasis and topical in atopic dermatitis. So we'll keep you busy with a
flow of news. Thank you.

Operator

Your next question is from Navin Jacob from UBS.

Navin Cyriac Jacob
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Navin from UBS. Mikael, I just wanted to just touch upon the commentary with regards to the regulators
allowing surrogate markers for the SARS-CoV-2 vaccine. I just want to dig into that a little bit more. What
specifically will they be looking for that allows a speedy approval? And then I want to understand the
manufacturing targets that you have by year-end, if approved. If approved, I just want to understand,
is it -- I'm assuming it's going to be under a sort of expanded access use basis for health care workers.
And then what do you need from regulators for a broad approval for the general public? Any kind of clarity
around that would be helpful.

Albert Bourla
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

PFIZER INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Yes. I do not know how the regulators would like to regulate that so -- and I leave it to them, but I can
answer the question on the manufacturing. So we expect that we will have, in the last quarter of this
year, millions of doses basically ready. And then for '21, we could ramp up to hundreds of millions of
doses available. Now Mikael, maybe a little bit you can answer the question about the end points or the
surrogate end points.

Mikael Dolsten
Chief Scientific Officer and President of Worldwide Research, Development & Medical

Yes. I know there are, of course, interest of both regulators and pharmas to see how we can learn
maximally to allow potentially very important vaccine quickly to deal with this, both medical and business
crisis. So we have had ample discussions with the highest level of regulatory leaders in both U.S.
and Europe. So on the surrogate side, there are 2 animal guiding principles, if you can show, for life-
threatening diseases, data, and we are pursuing mice/hamsters as well as primate studies that are
ongoing and will hopefully show to us what level of immune activity interferes with the virus.

And we're also doing some, I think, really creative studies taking patient sera and testing them how they
can intervene in these models and trying to correlate convalescent patient transfusions and what levels
protect the disease or can halt the progression of disease in patients. So I think this is a unique area
where we will have human and animal data coming together in Q3 to possibly provide a surrogate. But
we are planning from our Phase II study of the vaccines to also have human event rates. So it's more
of having a really comprehensive approach to bring confidence and accelerate the potential approval or
emergency use of this. It's not relying on just one approach. It's multiple approaches that we're bringing
together in close dialogues with the highest level of regulators.

Charles E. Triano
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Right. Thank you, Mikael.

Operator

Your final question comes from the line of Carter Gould from Barclays.

Carter Lewis Gould
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I guess just one on sort of your view on the OUS pricing dynamics coming out of COVID, just your
expectations on the potential likelihood of incremental pricing pressure from government-funded health
care systems given likely pressure on EU budgets. And is the expectation we see similar austerity
measures like we saw last decade?

Albert Bourla
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes. So I think it's very difficult to predict. And in any case, I think our assumptions, it is that pricing
is not a growth driver. Pricing is -- volume is going to be our growth driver even without COVID. But I
think if I had to speak on a high level on COVID right now I think -- and not on the short term but on the
long term, as you are asking, I see 2 dynamics here. One is the one that you mentioned, which is likely
governments will have, let's say, budgetary pressures and we know that that's typically an area that they
try to grow. So that, I think, will be towards the negative.

But also, we see that the value proposition of the pharmaceutical industry has been drastically reset in
the minds of the people right now because the pharmaceutical industry, right now in the middle of this
crisis, represent the hope of the billions of people and the hundreds of millions of enterprises that we will
find a solution towards that. And I think that will work on the very positive side. So it remains to be seen
what will be the net-net of those 2 areas, but I believe that in any case, it's not going to drive growth by
pricing, it's going to be by volume.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

PFIZER INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

So I guess this is the end of -- and thank you very much for this question. I really appreciate it. So I think
this is the end, Chuck, so let me just thank you all for joining us today, for your continued interest and
engagement within Pfizer. We are very happy to provide the information and are sure are very happy to
relay to you. As I said at the start, this is an extremely difficult time for everyone. As such, it is both a
great privilege and a great responsibility for our colleagues to serve patients at this moment. We have an
opportunity to demonstrate the power of our science, and we will do everything we can to do, to be part of
the solution to this problem.

And I want to close by acknowledging the health care workers on the front lines whose heroic efforts have
been an inspiration to all of us. Their courage, their dedication and expertise have saved countless lives
right now and probably in the future even more. And on behalf of all Pfizer colleagues and their families, I
say thank you. So have a great rest of your day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude Pfizer's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

PFIZER INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

26

