Philip Morris International Inc. NYSE:PM
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 06, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.21

1.22

0.83

1.09

5.19

5.19

0.00

5.45

7642.61

7713.00

0.92

6918.56

29867.21

29805.00

(0.21 %)

31369.42

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-06-2020 1:51 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.01

1.33

1.36

1.21

1.09

1.46

1.43

1.22

7.92 %

9.77 %

5.15 %

0.83 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

André Calantzopoulos
CEO & Director

Martin Gray King
Chief Financial Officer

Nicholas Rolli
Vice President of Investor
Relations and Financial
Communications

ANALYSTS

Adam Justin Spielman
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Gaurav Jain
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Pamela Kaufman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Robert Amos Rampton
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Vivien Nicole Azer
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Philip Morris International Fourth Quarter 2019 Year-End Earnings
Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about 1 hour, including remarks by Philip Morris
International management and the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]

I will now turn the call over to Mr. Nick Rolli, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial
Communications. Please go ahead, sir.

Nicholas Rolli
Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Communications

Welcome, and thank you for joining us. Earlier today, we issued a press release containing detailed
information on our 2019 fourth quarter and full year results. You may access the release on our website at
www.pmi.com or the PMI Investor Relations app.

A glossary of terms, including the definition for reduced risk products or RRPs as well as adjustments,
other calculations and reconciliations to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures and our
business transformation metrics are at the end of today's webcast slides, which are posted on our website.

Unless otherwise stated, all references to IQOS are to our IQOS heat-not-burn products. Comparisons
are presented on a like-for-like basis, reflecting pro forma 2018 results, which have been adjusted for
the deconsolidation of our Canadian subsidiary, Rothmans, Benson & Hedges Inc., effective March 22,
2019. Today's remarks contain forward-looking statements and projections of future results. I direct
your attention to the forward-looking and cautionary statements disclosure in today's presentation and
press release for a review of the various factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
projections or forward-looking statements.

It's now my pleasure to introduce André Calantzopoulos, our Chief Executive Officer; Martin King, our
Chief Financial Officer, will join André for the question-and-answer session.

André?

André Calantzopoulos
CEO & Director

Thank you, Nick, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen. Our 2019 results continue to reflect strong
underlying business performances from both our combustible and smoke-free portfolio. IQOS is
performing strongly across a broad array of geographies and remains firmly on track to meet our 2021
heated tobacco unit shipment volume target of 90 billion to 100 billion unit.

Meanwhile, our combustible business continues to perform well, underpinned by solid pricing. We achieved
several important milestones in our transformation to a smoke-free future. This notably included the
authorization for a version of IQOS product from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration through the
premarket tobacco product application pathway and the subsequent commercial launch in Atlanta and
Richmond under our licensing agreement with Altria. IQOS is now commercially available in 52 markets
worldwide.

Let me now take you through the main elements of our full year results, starting with volume.

Industry total volume for cigarettes and heated tobacco units declined by 2%, broadly in line with the
historical trend and slightly better than our prior forecast of around 2.5%. Our shipment volume declined
by 1.4%, in line with our previously communicated forecast decline of 1% to 1.5%.

The outperformance of the industry was driven by heated tobacco share gains of 0.6 points, which helped
offset cigarette declines, partly impacted by heated tobacco unit cannibalization.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Focusing on the fourth quarter, I would also like to highlight that while the effect of inventory movements
across the year was small, the greater shipment volume decline of 4.4% in Q4 2019 partly reflects
unfavorable combustible cigarette inventory movements of 2.3 billion unit compared to the prior year
quarter, notably due to the European Union region and Japan. We anticipate a partial reversal of this effect
in these geographies in the first quarter of 2020.

Fourth quarter in-market sales volume declined by 3.1%. As previously anticipated in our third quarter
remarks, this in-market sales decline primarily reflects the impact of recent pricing in Turkey and the
Philippines.

In Turkey, our cigarette volume decline was due mainly to the impact of 2 price increases during the year
taken in April and August, totaling TRY 5 per pack or 44%, which disproportionately impacted our share,
given the timing of our pricing vis-à-vis the competition in addition to the industry decline.

In Q4 2019, our share improved on a sequential basis, but the total market was weak due to a rise in elicit
tobacco consumption.

In the Philippines, our cigarette volume decline mainly reflected a lower total market in the immediate
aftermath of industry price increases. Though from a volume mix perspective, this was partly
compensated by a strong share performance for Marlboro.

Heated tobacco unit shipment volume increased by 44% to 60 billion units in 2019. This performance
including shipments of over 17 billion units in the fourth quarter reflects broad-based growth across our
launch markets, with notable contributions from the EU region, Japan and Russia, and keeps us well on
track to deliver our 2021 shipment volume target of 90 billion to 100 billion units.

This excellent performance means that heated tobacco units now make up nearly 8% of our total shipment
volume as compared to almost nothing in 2015. We expect this proportion to grow further as our positive
momentum of reduced risk products continues.

Turning to our 2019 financial results. Net revenues increased by 6.4%, excluding currency, driven by
strong pricing for our combustible product portfolio. And growth in heated tobacco units.

RRP net revenues reached $5.6 billion or close to 19% of PMI's total net revenue, with IQOS devices
accounting for approximately $0.7 billion or 13% of RRP net revenues. As highlighted previously, this
lower proportion of device revenues primarily reflect favorable geographic mix of heated tobacco unit
volume, the longer life span of the latest IQOS devices and the impact of device retail price changes in
select markets.

We recorded a strong combustible tobacco pricing variance of 6.5% in 2019. Better than our initial
expectations for the year, helped by a broadly rational excise tax and competitive environment. There
were notable contributions from Germany, Indonesia and Russia in addition to the aforementioned pricing
in the Philippines and Turkey. This was in line with the average historical variance since the 2018.

On a currency-neutral basis, adjusted operating income increased by 11.2%, while adjusted operating
income margin grew by an excellent 170 basis points. This margin expansion was driven by RRP scale
effects and favorable geographic mix for the heated tobacco unit. Additional drivers include pricing and
combustibles and the impact of our cost initiative, where we are firmly on track to reach over $1 billion of
efficiencies by 2021, helping to finance growth investments behind RRPs.

To this point, we implemented all of our $400 million planned incremental RRP investments in 2019,
with the net increase in spend, partially offset by higher efficiencies realized as part of our overall cost
program. Adjusted diluted earnings per share increased strongly, growing 9.9%, excluding currency and
exceeding our prior forecast of around 9.5%. As explained in our third quarter results, the lower currency-
neutral growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share compared to adjusted operating income reflects
higher non-controlling interest and a higher like-for-like tax rate.

Our strong operating cash flow of $10.1 billion increased by $0.6 billion, benefiting from a number of
working capital initiatives and the timing of certain cash costs related to our Berlin factory optimization.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Capital expenditures of $0.9 billion came in slightly below our full year assumption of around $1 billion,
benefiting from production efficiencies.

Turning now to market share. Our total international share grew by 0.1 point to 28.4%, with lower share
for cigarettes, including the impact of cannibalization more than offset by higher share for heated tobacco
units, which reached 2.2%.

The share of our cigarette portfolio declined by 0.5 points, reflecting continued adult smoker out-switching
to IQOS, particularly in the European Union region and Japan, coupled with lower share, notably in
Argentina, Indonesia, Korea and Turkey.

Further, despite this out-switching, Marlboro share of the cigarette category increased by 0.3 points to an
all-time high of 10%, driven by Indonesia, the Philippines, Saudi Arabia and Turkey.

IQOS is now commercially available in 52 markets, representing 44% of the total international market,
where our weighted average geographic coverage within this market is approximately 60%. This follows
the addition of 8 new markets in 2019, including Hungary, Sweden, the United Arab Emirates, the United
States and the fourth quarter launch in Mexico, initially focused in select areas of Mexico City.

In the later part of the year, we took another important step in our journey towards a smoke-free future
with the launch of IQOS 3 DUO, which is now available in all of our international IQOS market, supported
by our new simply amazing brand campaign. The simply amazing campaign focuses on everyday relatable
moments and emotions by showcasing to adult smokers who would otherwise continue to smoke the
benefits of switching to IQOS.

This latest addition to the IQOS family was designed with enhanced features to help adult smoker switch
more seamlessly from cigarette. IQOS 3 DUO allows 2 consecutive users without recharging the holder,
while its charging time is significantly faster compared to IQOS 3 and IQOS 2.4+.

We've seen positive initial effects on rates of conversion and consumer satisfaction from the rollout of
DUO, which offers us encouragement on consumers' response to innovation as we start 2020.

We continue to nurture a strong pipeline of future product improvements and innovations for the core
IQOS platform.

Turning now to a more detailed discussion of RRP performance. We estimate that there were nearly 14
million total IQOS users as of year-end, representing the addition of 4 million adult users over the course
of the year.

Based on our current momentum, we expect this rate of acquisition to significantly increase in 2020. We
further estimate that 71 of the total or close to 10 million IQOS users have stopped smoking and switched
to IQOS, with the balance in various stages of conversion.

This reflects widespread user growth, with highlights including and near doubling of users in Italy and
Germany and near troubling in Poland, very strong growth in Ukraine and the addition of 1.7 million users
in Russia to reach a total of 2.5 million.

Let me now take you through the performance of IQOS in 2019. The overall share performance for IQOS
heated tobacco units continues to see excellent progress. Indeed, in international markets where IQOS
has been commercialized, IQOS heated tobacco units were the third largest tobacco brand in the fourth
quarter with a 5.5% share, increasing from the #4 position in the third quarter.

This has been achieved despite not having full national distribution in a number of markets, as mentioned
earlier. The continued excellent growth of IQOS reflects progress across a broad range of markets. Our
commercialization approach starts with the focus of the key city -- on the key cities within the market
building adult smoker awareness, trials and conversions.

On this slide, we see the strong offtake share momentum in a number of key cities. This gives us further
encouragement as to the potential future growth at the national level as we see increases in both our
geography reach and rates of consumer awareness and trial.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

In the EU region, fourth quarter share for HEETS reached 3.2% of total cigarette and heated tobacco unit
industry volume, an increase of 1.5 points or near doubling compared to the fourth quarter of 2018.

On a sequential basis, share growth accelerated in the quarter, increasing by 0.7 points. In-market sales
volume also grew 16.1% compared to the third quarter 2019. This growth reflects continued strength
across a broad range of markets, as detailed in this slide.

It is worth noting that IQOS is only present in geographic areas representing approximately 57% of
industry total volume in the region. The quality of consumer acquisition is also high with conversion rates
and registration rates improving over time.

IQOS continued a strong performance in Russia in the fourth quarter, with HEETS share up by 3.3 points
to reach 5%.

On a sequential basis versus the third quarter, HEETS share increased by 1 point while in-market sales
increased by over 20% to reach 2.9 billion units.

HEETS share growth in the quarter was consistent with the pace of adult smoker adoption and our
geographic expansion.

We are now commercializing IQOS in cities, representing approximately half of the market by total
industry volume compared to an estimated 40% at the end of the second quarter.

In Japan, our total reported share for heated tobacco units increased by 2.4 points to reach 17.6% in the
fourth quarter, supported by the launch of IQOS 3 DUO and line extensions in the Marlboro HeatSticks and
HEETS lineup.

As we have previously mentioned, total industry and share metrics in Japan are currently somewhat
distorted by the low-price cigarillo category, which grew rapidly over the past 2 quarters to reach a total
tobacco share of 6% in December. This product presently enjoy a significantly preferential tax treatment.
Though the tax council of the ruling party has recently announced the closing of this gap over 2 steps in
October 2020 and October 2021.

While the growth of this category is likely to be temporary, we plan to enter with the Philip Morris brand in
the current quarter to capture a fair share.

On a total tobacco view, including cigarillos and adjusted for trade inventory movements, the share of
our heated tobacco unit brands increased by 1.5 points versus the prior year quarter and by 0.6 points
sequentially to 16.9%.

2019 in-market sales volumes of our heated tobacco unit brands grew 4.2% compared to a total tobacco
market including cigarillos, which declined just over 3% after adjusting for the estimated impact of trade
inventory movement. This helped drive growth of the overall heated tobacco category to a fourth quarter
total tobacco share of almost 24%, including cigarillos and adjusted for trade inventory movements.

In Korea, there remains a lingering impact on the heated tobacco category of the consumer confusion
caused by the Korean FDA's 2018 communication on tar. The category also remains highly competitive,
particularly in the area of non-menthol flavors. And related new taste dimensions that are also present in
the cigarette category.

HEETS share in the fourth quarter declined by 2.2 points or by 1.4 points on an adjusted basis. However,
on a sequential basis, fourth quarter adjusted share was essentially stable, and our segment share
continued to grow supported by IQOS 3 DUO and recent launches that expanded the flavor lineup.

While we're encouraged by this trend, we still have a lot of work to do to reinforce the heated tobacco
category benefits, build up on IQOS' leadership position.

A key development in 2019 was the launch of IQOS in the U.S. through our commercial arrangement with
Altria. The first IQOS retail stores opened in the initial launch markets of Atlanta and Richmond, marking a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

historic milestone, providing better alternatives to the 40 million men and women in the United States who
continue to smoke.

While it remains early days in the lead market commercialization, we're excited about this significant
opportunity.

As a reminder, IQOS is currently the only heat-not-burn product on the market authorized by the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration through the PMTA pathway as appropriate for the protection of public
health. We also plan to seek an additional marketing order for the IQOS 3 device in the coming months,
which will further support the efforts to convert U.S. adult consumers, who would otherwise continue to
smoke.

Building on the success of our heated tobacco portfolio, we plan to launch our e-vapor product IQOS MESH
2.0 this year. Following consumer confusion around e-vapor in the later part of 2019, we took the decision
to postpone our initial commercial launch.

Unfortunately, these misperceptions, although moderating still persist. And as such, we now plan to launch
in the third quarter of this year when we will also reach the optimal capacity to deploy at scale.

As a result, we plan to -- a faster acceleration of commercial rollout through the second half of 2020. This
was pausing briefly to consider the dynamics of the international e-vapor market in which IQOS MESH 2.0
will operate.

The existing market is concentrated in a small number of geographies with 10 markets making up around
70% of the approximately 25 million international adult users, which, despite numbering almost double
that of heated tobacco, contribute less than half its retail value.

This reflects the heavy existing skew to open tax systems, a low degree of product differentiation and a
low rate of full conversion relative to heated tobacco products.

Of these 10 markets, 7 also have a meaningful limit on nicotine concentration. The IQOS MESH product
has been designed to address these dynamics, and we'll be able to leverage our existing RRP commercial
infrastructure and capabilities to drive consumer trial and repurchase.

In summary, we're optimistic that IQOS MESH will deliver a superior experience and drive further growth
in our business over time.

Lastly, in terms of the commercialization outlook on RRPs. We also recently announced a global
collaboration agreement with KT&G for the commercialization of their smoke-free products outside of
Korea.

The key rationale for this agreement is to accelerate the growth of the smoke-free category, which will
require multiple products, providing a wide array of brand, taste, price and technology choices to adult
smokers.

The capabilities we have built around RRPs in terms of commercial infrastructure and know-how,
technology, scientific substantiation and regulatory engagement are best-in-class. These capabilities can
be leveraged to broaden our strong portfolio and innovation pipeline to further drive category growth,
including partnerships with others when it makes strategic and economic sense to do so.

KT&G has a range of smoke-free products, which we see as complementary to ours. We have
responsibility for all elements of commercialization of products supplied other this agreement, and we
intend to apply a market-by-market approach to deploy. The agreement will run for an initial period of 3
years, with the intention to expand the market footprint based on commercial success.

While we don't disclose the financial terms of such arrangement, this is a royalty-based agreement.
Products sold under the agreement will be subject to careful assessment to ensure they meet the
regulatory requirements in the markets where they are launched as well as PMI's high standards of quality
and scientific substantiation of their harm reduction potential.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

We are now working towards the first launches later this year. There are no current plans to commercialize
KT&G products in the United States.

With this agreement and our own IQOS MESH launch in 2020, we have an active and exciting year ahead.

Turning to 2020 guidance, we forecast reported diluted earnings per share to be at least $5.50 at
prevailing exchange rates compared to reported diluted earnings per share of $4.61 in 2019.

On a like-to-like -- like-for-like basis and excluding an unfavorable currency impact of approximately $0.04
at prevailing exchange rates, this forecast represents a projected increase of at least 8% versus pro forma
adjusted diluted earnings per share of $5.13 in 2019.

In terms of quarterly phasing, we expect earnings per share growth and net revenue growth to be
particularly strong in the first quarter and notably softer in the second quarter 2020.

The first quarter will benefit from the timing of pricing in the Philippines and a favorable comparison with
the first quarter '19, which included the absorption of substantial excise tax increases in Turkey.

Conversely, performance in the second quarter will likely be impacted by both the comparison to a strong
performance in the second quarter '19, and the most pronounced effect of the tax-driven pricing in
Indonesia.

It's also worth noting that the higher weighting of growth to markets with significant non-controlling
interest seen in the second half of 2019, will continue into the first half of 2020, due to annualization
effects.

Let me now explain the dynamics in Indonesia in more detail. As we said in December, the industry
faces in a typical year of catch-up on excise tax and pricing. The 2020 excise tax took effect on January
1, implying a weighted average excise tax increase of 24% industry-wise, with a 46% increase in the
minimum banderole price. While the potential tax pass on is relatively steep at 14% of the weighted
average price, in the context of a 2-year stack, with no excise tax increase in 2019, the average
percentage increase is broadly in line with historical levels.

The tax increase and the higher banderole price should also give us the opportunity to address the price
gaps, which impacted our 2019 share performance.

So far, between October and January, we have announced pricing of 8% on a weighted average basis or
approximately 60% of the pass-on.

To date, some of our competitors are lacking on pricing and will require a larger catch up to comply with
the new minimum retail price that is effective April 1. We should also highlight the one-time impact on our
pricing variance from the lack of any excise tax increase in 2019.

With minimal pricing taken in the first 9 months of last year, we will not benefit this year from the usual
annualization effect of increases taken in the prior year. This exceptional dynamic effectively creates a
one-off drag on our 2020 pricing variance of over $200 million.

In line with our prior comments, we expect the total industry measuring 370 billion units in 2019, to
decline by around 6% to 7% in 2020, with the highest impact likely in the second quarter as the new
minimum retail selling price takes effect and the new prices work their way through the trade.

With the resumption of pricing this year, we expect market dynamics to improve in 2021.

Our 2020 guidance reflects certain key assumptions. The most significant, as we just noted, is the
pricing rollout in Indonesia, which, at this stage, we assume to dilute our combustible pricing variance to
approximately 5% in 2020.

While lower than our 2019 pricing variance, this is still very robust, and it's supported by generally rational
excise tax environment. In combination with a projected total market decline of 6% to 7% in Indonesia, at
this stage, we cautiously assume currency-neutral net revenue growth of around 5%.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

However, I would reiterate that we remain very confident in our guidance of at least 8% currency-neutral
earnings per share growth.

One of the reasons for this confidence is the positive margin outlook. While our efforts to deliver over
$1 billion in annualized cost efficiencies by 2021 are bearing fruit, led by important initiatives related to
productivity, cost category management, a project-based organization model and other cost efficiencies.

In 2020, we expect cost efficiencies to fully offset expected net incremental RRP investments. With the
growing scale and geographic reach of our RRP business, additional investments now primarily reflect
variable costs linked to new consumer acquisition and existing user retention plus new market entrants.

Consequently, the cost per user is improving with an expected decrease of 25% in our acquisition cost per
user in 2020. We expect the increasing leverage of our commercial platform to contribute to an increase in
currency-neutral operating income margin of at least 150 basis points in 2020.

Moving to the industry volume backdrop, our estimated total market decline is around 3% to 4% for the
year. While this is weaker than the historical average of 2% to 3%, this very much reflects the temporary
situation in Indonesia, which represents around 11% of total industry volume. An additional factor comes
from the present growth of the cigarillo category in Japan, which is not included in the cigarette total
market calculations.

As shown on the chart, we assume 6% to 7% market decline in Indonesia is an expected effect of around
0.7 points on global industry, with a further 0.3 points from the growth of cigarillos in Japan.

Where -- while there are the usual puts and takes elsewhere, together, these 2 temporary impacts fully
explain the deviation from the historical average, with underlying fundamentals remaining unchanged.

An additional upcoming development included in our industry forecast is the tobacco products directive
ban on menthol cigarettes in the Europe, effective May 2020. Menthol and menthol capsule variants make
up for around 10% of consumption in the region. And while we do not expect a significant impact on the
overall industry volume decline of 1% to 2%, there is a further opportunity for IQOS given that menthol
HEETS variants are not covered by the ban.

We expect PMI shipment volumes in 2020 to again outperform the industry trends and anticipate a total
cigarette and heated tobacco unit shipment volume decline of approximately 2.5% to 3.5%. We expect
our shipment volume trends to be slightly better in the second half compared to the first half due to the
dynamics already mentioned in Indonesia and Turkey.

While we are not providing a specific 2020 target for heated tobacco unit shipments, we expect continued
broad-based growth and remain well on track to meet our shipment volume target of 90 billion to 100
billion units by 2021. We anticipate a full year effective tax rate of approximately 23%, consistent with last
year and relatively stable net interest expense compared to 2019.

We are targeting 2020 operating cash flow of approximately $10.5 billion, subject to year-end working
capital requirements and currency movement. This includes the expected onetime adverse impact
of new excise payment rules in Australia, and the timing of certain cash costs related to the Berlin
factory restructuring. Together, these 2 factors account for an expected and favorable cash impact of
approximately $350 million.

We project total capital expenditures this year to be approximately $1 billion. Summing up a strong year,
we made very significant progress in our transformation to a smoke-free future in both our organization
and our 2019 business results.

Just over 4 years since the first full-scale IQOS commercial launch in Japan in September 2015, we
already have $5.6 billion in RRP net revenues, making up almost 1/5 of our business. Importantly, RRP
revenues are increasingly accretive to our profits, as evidenced by the strong margin growth seen in 2019
and expected in 2020.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

IQOS continues to perform strongly with 35% growth of heated tobacco unit in-market sales volumes from
an increasing number of markets, where close to 10 million adult smokers have already stopped smoking
and switched to IQOS.

We project the number of new users over the course of 2020 to be significantly higher than 2019 and at
a cost per user that is lower as a large RRP infrastructure investments over the past several years are
mostly complete.

We're also focused on maintaining the leadership of our combustible tobacco portfolio, which is delivering
robust performance and pricing power. Despite the temporary headwinds in Indonesia, we're confident
in our 2020 guidance and remain well on track to deliver our 2019 to '21 compound annual ex-currency
growth targets of at least 5% net revenue growth and at least 8% adjusted earnings per share growth.

Finally, we are confident in the strategy for a smoke-free future and are convinced that our current and
future RRP portfolio continues to provide us with the single largest opportunity to accelerate our business
growth and generously reward our shareholders over time.
Thank you. Martin and I are now happy to answer your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler.

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Can you touch on IQOS and sum up what's going on in really sort of 2 different ends of the adoption
curve, I guess? On the one end, you see a market like Hungary, for example, that has 4 share points
plus in just a year out of nowhere. But then you're also talking about the lower costs of acquisition per
user that you've mentioned in the past comes from scale and growing word of mouth. I guess, I'd love to
just understand both dynamics a little bit more. One is how are you driving some of the rapid adoption in
select markets? And then second, what are some of the key drivers of your efficiencies as they get a little
bit more mature?

André Calantzopoulos
CEO & Director

Yes. Well, I guess, as a learning organization, every time we launch in a new market, we apply what we
learned from the previous one. So the time where we start growing faster is shorter and shorter. And I
think we showed the chart like this recently, and we'll explain that in CAGNY next week. So it's a learning
organization, the deployment of more digital skills -- that makes -- that every new market we open starts
growing faster than the previous one. And that's a fact of organization knowledge. Now as we have also
the infrastructure in place, clearly, the cost per user will decrease -- and -- does decrease this year in
2020.

We have to invest a little bit more money in retention. I would say, although the cost of retention will also
go down as we have more people. But clearly, the cost of acquisition is higher, so it makes sense now that
we have enough people in our CRM base to invest a bit more there because losing a consumer they have
acquired is much bigger loss than not acquiring someone, by definition, okay? And also because now we
have the digital infrastructure, we can start enlarging beyond -- over time, the offering beyond accessories
and just special additions and normal products to more things that can help us build a different site of
business over time as we have data on consumers and so on.

So I'm optimistic that although we will continue investing, Michael, incrementally in the RRP. So if we grow
the number of users, this cost per user is going to go further and further down, and obviously, we'll retain
more consumers, so that's all on the positive side, and that's how I see it, if I was clear.

Michael Scott Lavery
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

No. That's very helpful. One just quick follow-up related to that. When you look at the evolution of IQOS
usage of consumers, you've shown the charts that pretty consistently show around 70% of users who fully
convert. But obviously, you're also adding new users constantly as well, who have obviously just gotten
started. What amount of time does it typically take for somebody to transition? And maybe related to
saying it kind of a different way for users that began using the product, say, a year or 2 ago is the amount
that's fully converted more like 75%, 80% or 85%? Or how should we think about that dynamic?

André Calantzopoulos
CEO & Director

Well, for the new users, clearly, on average, we say 2 weeks to a month, depending on the individual.
Sometimes people take much more time to fully switch, okay? They start using the product immediately,
obviously, because they bought it.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Now regarding retention over time, it's fairly stable, I'd say. And I think with the new programs we have in
our CRM will increase this retention. Now it depends also on the market, as you know. In markets where
you have a lot of competitive activity, we get some dilution of consumption because people buy other
devices, typically vastly cheaper, from competition and they try a few products. But if I compare markets
where the competition is not yet successful, I think we have very good retention, and I think we can
further enhance this retention as we now deploy a much better CRM program during the year.

So I'm pretty happy with what we have. We can improve from here.

Operator

Your question comes from the line of Robert Rampton with UBS.

Robert Amos Rampton
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Three questions from me. The first would be in outside Korea and Japan, are there any markets where
IQOS volumes have declined sequentially? And then on the flip side, are there any markets where
sequential growth is accelerated?

André Calantzopoulos
CEO & Director

Okay. I mean except for Korea, I would say, we have growth every -- in every market, okay? Korea is
a particular phenomenon because they -- a confusion of consumers around the heat-not-burn category
that is not dissimilar to what happened in many markets on the e-vapor category. And that happened
at the beginning of last year, in June, when the Korean FDA, although they found a very significant
reduction in the toxicants of heated tobacco product compared to cigarettes, very similar to what we have
communicated, the kind of confused consumers may say, yes, but the tar of this product is very similar
to cigarettes, although we're comparing apples with oranges, because there's 2 different parts. The one is
water and glycerine and the other is but chemical. So this has stalled the category, and I think it will take
a bit of time to restart the process.

I think sooner or later, there is realization by the authorities in Korea that that's not the right thing to do
with consumers. And the alignment we have now much more with KT&G after the agreement, I think that
will help grow the category. But except for Korea, I don't see any other place where we have an issue.

Robert Amos Rampton
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Great. And then just in terms of the margin expansion. So if we're thinking about how much of your 2020
expectation is driven by, say, cost saves, pricing and IQOS, is it fair to think that the impact of IQOS is
offset by cost savings and the incremental increase is pricing? Or how should we think about that?

Martin Gray King
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. The margin expansion is driven by a number of factors. First of all, it's partly mix in that we're
growing very rapidly now in the EU, which has very good margins on IQOS heated tobacco units. The
second piece is, as you point out, our cost-saving initiatives have stepped up significantly. At this point,
the investments that we're making behind RRP are now fully offset by these cost savings initiatives, and
that's where you a get the big benefit from margin expansion. And the cost saving breaks down into a
couple of buckets. In the operations area, we have various productivity, especially as we get better and
better at producing the consumables for heated tobacco units with scale, better uptime on the equipment,
lower waste. We're improving the footprint across the whole manufacturing area. You saw the factory
optimizations we've done in the last year, which begin to pay off in 2020 and beyond. And we also have
initiatives across all of our spending categories to find ways to become more efficient intelligently and
rotate money out of less efficient areas and be able to put it into reduced-risk products. So that whole
effort started to pay off early last year. You saw our margin expansion last year was very strong at 1.7

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

percentage point increase. And then this year, we're committing to at least 1.5 percentage increase. And
this is something that we will continue to focus on in the out years going forward as well.

André Calantzopoulos
CEO & Director

Yes. Regarding pricing, I would say, as I explained, we foresee pricing to be a bit below this year than
2019. That is essentially due to Indonesia, okay? Because if we took 2019, we had annualization of pricing
from '18 in Indonesia, which, at this stage, we assume is not going to happen, obviously, one, there was
no real pricing in '19, so you have no annualization in '20. And we have to be a bit cautious about pricing
and how rolls out in Indonesia, there's a pretty steep increase. But we assume that this situation will
resolve during 2020. So in 2021, we have annualization of pricing in Indonesia and come back to normal,
okay?

Robert Amos Rampton
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Excellent. Apologies. Just one follow-up on that. In terms of IQOS operating margins, can you give us
some color on how it compares to cigarettes and, say, Italy at one end and Russia at the other?

André Calantzopoulos
CEO & Director

Well, IQOS margins are higher than cigarettes, okay? So that's basically clear. And a lot of the margin
improvement is coming, as Martin explained, from IQOS essentially.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Vivien Azer from Cowen.

Vivien Nicole Azer
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

So you guys sound very constructive on the momentum on IQOS, that is clear. I was hoping that you
could comment on your key competitors' commentary this morning for the RRP category in Japan,
specifically. They maybe have a different view than you, specifically saying that they're looking for more
moderate growth to capture 25% of industry volumes as competition intensifies. Can you comment on
that?

André Calantzopoulos
CEO & Director

Yes. I think it's very difficult to comment at this stage what is going to be the precise growth of the
category. Maybe I see higher than them, but we see both growth, and that's the important part. And I
think we are well positioned with all the initiatives we have to capture the largest part of the growth.

So we'll see as the year unfolds where exactly we end. But the key thing is that we remain focused.
IQOS still has a lion's part of the segment share and the momentum is positive and accelerated. We're
increasing segment share and overall market share. So that's the key thing to retain.

Vivien Nicole Azer
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Perfect. That's helpful. Just a follow-up on Japan. Can you offer any color on what your HTU mix is
between HEETS and Marlboro at the end of 2019?

André Calantzopoulos
CEO & Director

I don't have the exact numbers in my head, but I would say the cannibalization is stable. We had a little
bit of down trading, I would say, after the price increase because Marlboro's increased price is more than
HEETS, but now it's back to stable. And they are both growing, but Marlboro is growing again.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Martin Gray King
Chief Financial Officer

I think, Vivien, we haven't given the exact split. But I think it's safe to say that Marlboro's share --
Marlboro HeatSticks share ended up being more than we had originally expected. We thought that HEETS
would be a bigger component by now, and Marlboro HeatSticks has held up better than we expected,
given the pricing. On the other hand, HEETS did its job of expanding the category and making the offering
available to a broader array of consumers that were more price sensitive. So we're satisfied with its
performance.

And overall, it did its job. However, more heated tobacco users opted to stay with the Marlboro HeatSticks
than we originally planned, which is positive, of course, for our margins and for the profitability.

Vivien Nicole Azer
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Sure. Absolutely. Now that's a great outcome. Last one from me. André, I appreciated your commentary
on some of the e-vapor concerns that are spreading seemingly to the EU, that's certainly consistent with
what we heard from one of your competitors yesterday. Are there any principal markets that we should
be watching out for in particular, where consumer concern or confusion around e-vapor risk is taking hold
most dramatically?

André Calantzopoulos
CEO & Director

Well, I think the maximum was after the unfortunate cases in the U.S. with lung disease and deaths
that were spun by some people in the wrong way, as you know. I think this is getting better, but we're
not there out yet because there are still people that spread confusion despite all the efforts. Myself and
others are making to explain that this had nothing to do with e-vapor category and more with misuse with
cannabis, oils and so on.

My -- our perspective on this was, in any case, our plan on e-vapor was to build the capacity and go into
the bulk of the market that is the European Union towards the year-end, okay? Because then we have
capacity at scale. We had planned a couple of markets earlier on a try basis. I think it's better not to put
oil in the fire, especially since we will put the e-vapor under the IQOS brand. So to minimize confusion,
I prefer that we'll let a little bit time fly. We build capacity, and it doesn't move in reality our plan for the
European Union, which was towards the end of this year.

So that's my perspective. And I think that it's about time. There are more voices here to stop misleading
people. And I was reading the recent Q&A by the World Health Organization, and it's not my commentary,
but it is so much of misleading and, I would say, malicious statements in there, but some of the top
advocates in public health came out and say, this is unacceptable. So they modified their version, but
they're still misleading.

So I think short term, that may appear not a good thing. But long term, the more people saying things,
the more credibility they lose and the more the alternatives will become more credible because they lose
their credibility. And I think we are in this phase now where, frankly speaking, you see more and more of
these nonsensical thing and more and more voices saying, let's stop this, have a reset now of the situation
and stop talking seriously, because these alternatives are better for people who'd otherwise smoke.

But as far as the commercial part is concerned, that's it -- that's what -- it's what I said and I explained
just now. Hope I'm clear?

Vivien Nicole Azer
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Very clear.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Your next question comes from the line of Adam Spielman from Citi.

Adam Justin Spielman
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

As Vivien was asking about Japan, can I just ask one quick question there before turning to IQOS? And the
question on Japan is whether in your pricing variance, you're baking in any assumption for the -- around
the tax rise that we're obviously going to get in October this year? So that's the first question.

André Calantzopoulos
CEO & Director

Well, any pricing is all in the guidance, obviously, Adam. So we will always hope there is an opportunity
in Japan when there is a tax increase to get pricing. We make some assumptions, we see how much they
materialize or not.

Adam Justin Spielman
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Perfect. Very clear. So the real question, the core question is obviously around IQOS. And so one --
so thinking about the European to begin -- the European Union to begin with. In Q3, you had 0.1%
quarter-on-quarter market share growth and then you've had a much higher, really, really strong growth
in Q4. And I was just wondering how you should think -- how we should think about EU market share
progressing going forwards? Whether there's any sort of seasonality in that? And how you think we should
sort of smooth out those 2 things, slightly disappointing, in my view, in Q3 and then a really strong
performance just in Q4?

André Calantzopoulos
CEO & Director

Okay. In broad strokes, okay, there is seasonality in summer, pretty obviously, that's favoring cigarette,
hence, a little bit less market share on the heated tobacco unit.

The second thing, although IQOS was very marginally affected by the whole situation of e-vapor in the
U.S., it was just the moment in the quarter, we had a bit of a slowdown in September, I would say, but we
recovered as of October/November. And I think we're entering 2020 with a pretty good momentum. Our
number of users is increasing.

As I explained, I think the menthol is an opportunity for us at the -- towards the second half of the year.
So I'm very optimistic about the momentum and outcomes in the European Union.

Adam Justin Spielman
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

And so just to summarize, I think you'll say, you expect to get more new users in the EU in 2020 than
you did in 2019, partly because of a medical issue, but also the CRM, but just the whole momentum is so
good?

André Calantzopoulos
CEO & Director

Yes, that's what I'm saying.

Martin Gray King
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, Adam, I would also just -- around the IQOS heated tobacco unit share in the EU, there is seasonality
there. If you look at, for instance, in 2018, you see the same basic dynamic where the increase from Q2
to Q3 is relatively small with a bigger increase from Q3 to Q4. And then again, in 2019, you see the same
dynamic. And in addition, this year, we had even more pronounced effect that André mentioned with the
other news flow. But this is -- this is back to the seasonality piece. Cigarettes in EU are going to be higher

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

because it's warm weather, people go outside and they could use it more. And then lower in the winter
months. Whereas, IQOS, you could use much more easily frequently without any worry as far as what the
weather outside is.

So you don't see the volume changes quarter-to-quarter as much as you do on cigarette. So it's really the
cigarette seasonality that's driving these share numbers to be impacted.

André Calantzopoulos
CEO & Director

And overall, I would say, Adam, we see a significant increase in the number of users overall across the
market, okay? And I think it's also due to the fact that we're getting scale, getting momentum. We see
more word-of-mouth happening in the markets. And the tools we use now are more scalable. So I hope
we will see this accelerate.

Adam Justin Spielman
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

And then quickly turning to Russia, which, obviously, is a very large market, and you're getting shares
very fast. Roughly speaking, well, in Q3 last year, you had roughly 1% market share. You've now got 5%.
So in 5 quarters, you've gained 4 percentage points of market share. I guess the question is, do you think
that rate of growth can continue or would you expect it to slow slightly?

André Calantzopoulos
CEO & Director

Well, first of all, we need to compare comparable things, okay? We're still growing in cities where we
started before. There is some -- obviously, some expansion in there that helps. And we still have scope for
expansion.

Now it's pretty clear in my mind that at a certain stage, we will need probably a second price point in the
portfolio in Russia because in certain cities, we will be getting the essence of the premium, and somehow,
a large part of the more, I would say, wealthy part of the mid-price segment.

I don't know that we will need this in 2020, but we have to plan at least for 2021, okay? And that's how I
see it. So we don't see a slowdown, but we need to prepare for reaching the limits in terms of affordability
over time in the big cities.

Now in the cities we just started, clearly, we have more runway in front of us.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Pamela Kaufman from Morgan Stanley.

Pamela Kaufman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So over the last several years, you've quantified a level of incremental IQOS investment in each year, how
much incremental investment do you anticipate in 2020 relative to 2019?

André Calantzopoulos
CEO & Director

Well, in my view, we're going to be a bit less than 2019, and it's all variable. At the end of the day, it
all depends on the number of new consumers you acquire. So I would say it would be between 300 and
350, depending on the number of new users and -- that we have because there are certain costs that are
purely variable. But as Martin clearly said, all this is offset on comparable basis by all the savings we have
in -- from a cost-saving initiatives. So that helps clearly the margin expansion plus the geographic mix of
IQOS that is helpful.

Pamela Kaufman

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's helpful. And I wanted to better understand your decision to partner with KT&G and how you see
their products competing with IQOS? And given that this partnership expands your portfolio to e-vapor
and hybrid products, do you also see a need to fill the gap in modern oral?

André Calantzopoulos
CEO & Director

Yes. I think at the end of the day, I said many times, I don't think we will do all the new products on
our own or invent everything, and we're very open to partnership. And this is a very simple principle is
what can we add to the partnership? I think we have technology. We have IP that complements. We have
the scientific assessment capabilities, and obviously, the route to market. And in my view, KT&G has an
interesting product like the hybrid product, which by the way is a peripheral heated tobacco product that
vaporizes at the same time. When we think there is potential in certain markets and certain consumer
segments, their heated tobacco product has -- is the second more performing heated tobacco product, and
it's also heating from the inside. And I think with the know-how we have, if necessary, we can improve
this product.

And I think we decide market by market what are the right price points for this product, so that they
are complementary to our IQOS strategy. And as we discussed in Japan, for Japan, there may be some
cannibalization. But from Japan, for example, we do -- did 2 price points with our own products. We didn't
see much cannibalization with so much more incrementality.

So that's how I see it. For the e-vapor product, we have not major plans at this stage. But I'm much more
interested in their hybrid and the heated tobacco with the team that has potential in this market. And
that's how I see it.

We also have more alignment, I would say, overall, in Korea, that's important for the Korean market. And
we also have access from a technology point of view. To a country like Korea, that is one of the centers for
electronics. So I think it's a win-win for both companies. It's a license agreement, the financial work for
both of us.

So I look forward to working with them and expanding in the right markets, offering consumers much
more wide range of products.

Pamela Kaufman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And can you give an update on the impact on new user adoption in Japan from your device price
reductions and other initiatives to accelerate IQOS growth in this market over the last year? Are you
seeing increasing heated tobacco adoption and trial among the harder-to-convert later adopters?

André Calantzopoulos
CEO & Director

Certainly, we see some, I think, the IQOS DUO will help because consecutive years for some people is
important. We address this problem with the MULTI, but now we address it also with the main product,
and we see better adoption. The pricing is also, in general, to avoid all these promotions and promotional
money. We think that's the right of the product. And we always prepare the portfolio for the next
generation that will always come at the premium. So we always reduce the previous version price in view
of the forthcoming new version. And as I explained many times, we have a strategy of having a major
innovation every 2, 3 years and significant upgrades every year in the portfolio.

And that's what we're doing in Japan. So to say that there is enormous reduction -- reaction just because
we reduced the device prices, it helps, but there is a whole mix that works. We see actually more reaction
in Russia, where disposable income is really an issue by having still a 2.4+ on the market and IQOS 3,
where still a lot of consumers buy the 2.4 because of more price-sensitive market. I think the answer is
not only pricing, it's much more resolving constantly the consumer pain points that are barrier to entry in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

the category, and that's why we're working on the current versions and the forthcoming ones. So that's a
little bit philosophy we apply.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe from Stifel.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I just had a question for you and a bit of a follow-on from earlier question. As you said, your cost per user
and acquiring users in IQOS is going down, and I guess, I'm interested in that scale effect you have in
RRPs. You're obviously to spend more money this year, but I think at the same time, I'm just trying to
understand how you can leverage that infrastructure you have as you think about the launch of platform
2 or MESH. Is a lot of the same or are a lot of the same resources being used for that? Are those -- I
assume they are figured as part of that $300 million to $350 million you citied for this year is you think
about the launch cost of those new products?

André Calantzopoulos
CEO & Director

Well, obviously, these new product, if they go through our infrastructure, which means our own retail,
third-party retail that is kind of franchises, our own digital platforms now that are put in place, our
coaches, obviously, you can use the infrastructure you have in a much more efficient way. So I would
say that still, the vast majority of the investment during the year is still on IQOS heat-not-burn. And we
assume, even when we roll out a bit more massively P4, it's going to be on a per-user basis much cheaper
compounded by the fact that we don't have to explain the category to people. We just need to explain to
people what the difference is and what the benefits of MESH are compared to existing e-vapor products.
So there is no category explanation effort behind.

So it will be much cheaper, in my view, less expensive than the heat-not-burn product.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And then I had one other follow-up question, and this gets to a question -- a bit of a question earlier
in your response. But you have seen this -- a number of markets in the EU where IQOS market share has
really accelerated. And we talked in the old -- couple of few years ago about -- in Japan, when you got
over that 2% to 2.5% threshold, you started to see market share really accelerate. Are we at that point
in the EU, do we see that in the fourth quarter? Because some of those market share increases are quite
notable. Are we at that stage is my question? And are you seeing that in more markets? Or would you
hope to see that in more markets in 2020?

André Calantzopoulos
CEO & Director

Yes. We hope we'll see it in more and more markets in 2020. As I said, we expect the number of users to
grow, which means compared to -- we had 4 million users, we expect much higher number than that. So I
call this acceleration on a same market basis, okay? Look, it's the beginning of the year. I -- we feel good
about the fourth quarter. We have good momentum going into 2020. We'll keep you up-to-date on how we
progress. And that comes at a much lower cost. So I think we're building it pretty nicely.

Operator

We have time for one final question and that is from Gaurav Jain from Barclays.

Gaurav Jain
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

So my question is on the Canadian subsidiary. So can you tell us where we are with the RBH creditor
protection negotiations which are happening?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

André Calantzopoulos
CEO & Director

Well, they are progressing, but I cannot give you more details, okay? Still, there is a stay of all litigations
and there are discussions to resolve the issue. Once we have something concrete, I can give you more
details, but things have progressed.

Gaurav Jain
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Sure. A follow-up on the IQOS MESH launch. So would you consider applying for a PMTA considering Altria
changed some of the language around the JUUL agreement, if JUUL is not allowed in the market for a year
and other things?

André Calantzopoulos
CEO & Director

Well, I think we have a lot of plans for P4. So one day, we will probably apply for PMTA in the U.S., but
we still have to finalize a few studies on P4 before we have the same type of fire as we had for IQOS. But
that's important also for many other countries. And in due time, we'll discuss if and when we want to enter
the U.S. market. Now the FDA is going to be very busy in the U.S. over the next few months on all the
PMTAs. I don't think that's the appropriate moment to do anything.

Gaurav Jain
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Sure. And if I can ask one last question? Can you comment on the sell-in versus sell-through trends for
IQOS, both in the last quarter and for the full 2019?

Martin Gray King
Chief Financial Officer

I'm sorry, the in-market sales versus the shipments or in your word sell-in versus sell-out were
approximately equal. If anything, actually, the IMS was a little bit more than the shipments. So there was
no inventory change on the year.

André Calantzopoulos
CEO & Director

Yes. It's in line with what we said for beginning of the year.

Operator

That concludes the Q&A session of today's call. Presenters, do you have any closing remarks?

André Calantzopoulos
CEO & Director

Yes. I would like to thank you all for joining, first of all. I would say we had a pretty good 2019. We're
entering 2020 in a very good shape. We outlined the one unusual thing that is Indonesia. We think -- we'll
see how this unfolds. We prefer to be cautious about this at the beginning of the year. And just something
that is in the air just now. I mean this whole issue around the coronavirus. We have no problem today, but
clearly, if that continues, there may be some impact on travel and the duty free. And in terms of supply
chain, I think we're in pretty good shape for a few weeks. But if that persists for a very long period of
time, like everybody else, who may have some issues with device supply. Now that's not a continuation of
this, like in any company, is not baked into our guidance, but we all hope this is going to be soon resolved.
So we put it behind. So thank you again, and I look forward to a pretty good 2020.

Nicholas Rolli
Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Communications

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

So thank you very much. That concludes the call. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact the
Investor Relations team here in Switzerland.

Have a great day. Thank you.

Operator
That concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

