Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated 
NYSE:PEG
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, May 04, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.02

1.03

0.98

0.63

3.36

3.45

Revenue  (mm)

3249.01

2781.00

(14.40 %)

2410.51

10429.27

10790.32

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-04-2020 2:42 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.60

0.95

0.62

1.02

0.58

0.98

0.64

1.03

(3.33 %)

3.16 %

3.23 %

0.98 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04,
2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Carlotta N. Chan
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Daniel J. Cregg
Executive VP & CFO

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

ANALYSTS

Constantine Lednev
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Paul Patterson
Glenrock Associates LLC

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04,
2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Christie, and I am your event operator
today. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference, Public Service Enterprise Group First
Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this
conference is being recorded today, May 4, 2020, and will be available for telephone replay beginning at
1:00 p.m. Eastern time today until 11:30 p.m. Eastern time on May 13, 2020. It will also be available as
an audio webcast on PSEG corporate website at www.pseg.com.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Carlotta Chan. Please go ahead.

Carlotta N. Chan
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Christie. Good morning. PSEG released first quarter 2020 earnings results earlier today. The
earnings release, attachments and slides detailing results are posted on PSEG's IR website, and our 10-Q
will be filed shortly. The earnings release and other matters we will discuss on today's call contain forward-
looking statements and estimates that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We also discuss non-
GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA, which differ from net income as reported in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. Reconciliations of our non-
GAAP financial measures and a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements are posted on our IR
website and included in today's earnings materials.

I will now turn the call over to Ralph Izzo, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Public
Service Enterprise Group. Joining Ralph on today's call is Dan Cregg, Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer. At the conclusion of their remarks, there will be time for your questions.

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Carlotta, and thank you all for joining us today. Before we begin our review of this quarter's
results, let me take a moment to express my sincere condolences to anyone on the call who has been
personally affected by COVID-19. I also extend my gratitude to the health care and emergency first
responders. For these frontline heroes in New Jersey, PSEG recently donated 50,000 N95 masks and
200,000 pairs of gloves to help replenish personal protective equipment. I'll refer to that as PPE from now
on. The PSEG Foundation has also made a $2.5 million commitment to provide grants to regional food
banks and health and social services organizations in our communities.

PSEG's first and foremost responsibility has always been to provide safe and reliable delivery of electric
and gas service to our 3.7 million customers in New Jersey and on Long Island. As part of the New York
metropolitan area, New Jersey and Long Island have been among the hardest hit areas by COVID-19
but are showing signs of improvement. Confirmed COVID-19 incidence rates among PSEG employees
remain below those of the New Jersey and Long Island general populations. Approximately 1% of our
employees are currently self-monitoring. So personnel availability continues to be strong and attest to the
effectiveness of the safety protocols we put in place early on. This will become even more important as
the summer storm season begins and access to mutual aid resources may be limited. The ongoing safety
of our employees and our customers is central to PSEG's response to COVID-19. We review our safety
protocols on a regular basis against recommendations from federal, state and local health authorities
regarding practicing physical distancing, PPE and performing extensive cleaning protocols. While we have
suspended nonessential fieldwork activities, PSE&G and PSEG Long Island are continuing to respond to
customer outages and requests for emergency services such as no heat or no hot water calls. Importantly,
we are continuing our work on critical energy infrastructure projects that contribute to the system
reliability and resilience that our customers value.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04,
2020

Last week, Gov. Murphy outlined The Road Back, a multistep approach for recovery and restart of the
New Jersey economy in the coming weeks and months as conditions permit. Looking ahead, we have also
started planning a responsible reentry for the PSEG workforce once the states in which we operate, New
Jersey, New York, Connecticut and Maryland, begin their transition to recovery mode. Toward that goal,
PSEG is carefully preparing to make changes to our work sites, work practices and procedures in order to
protect the health and safety of our employees and customers. We will take these steps so as to emerge
stronger, more nimble and more resilient on the other side of this transition.

Now switching over to our financial results for the first quarter. We've had a good start to the year. PSEG
reported $1.03 per share of non-GAAP operating earnings versus $1.08 per share in the first quarter of
2019. Our GAAP results for the quarter were $0.88 per share compared to $1.38 per share in last year's
first quarter. Details on the results for the quarter can be found on Slide 5 of the earnings presentation.

Drivers for the quarter included: rate base expansion from the continued investment in transmission and
distribution infrastructure at PSE&G; the addition of zero emission certificates or ZECs at PSEG Power,
which didn't begin until the second quarter of 2019, offset by a scheduled decline in Power's capacity
prices; and unfavorable weather comparisons at both PSE&G and especially at Power, caused by the
second mildest first quarter ever recorded in New Jersey.

Due to the temporary closure of most New Jersey businesses, schools and government buildings following
the stay-at-home orders that began March 21, the PSE&G service territory experienced a weather-
normalized decline of approximately 5% to 7% in electric load from the end of March through April. This
is in line with the more aggregate data we get from PJM, which suggest that demand is down by the
same, 5% to 7%. These ranges as well as the mix of usage among residential, commercial and industrial
customers are imprecise as the lack of smart meters or AMI in New Jersey limits our ability to analyze
changes in demand in real time.

That said, we anticipate that this reduction could extend through the second quarter and possibly longer.
Addressing this directly, we have less volume risk and less margin risk than the reduction in PSE&G's
kilowatt-hour sales might suggest. Transmission and residential electric and gas customers comprised
3/4 of the total utility margin. Transmission is not volume sensitive, and residential customer margin
is expected to be higher during the shelter-at-home period. The remaining 1/4 of margin comes from
commercial and industrial customers, which is largely driven by peak demand, and for gas is set on an
annual basis rather than volumes. Also, nonresidential customer segments contribute a much smaller
percentage of margin during the lower-use shoulder season that covers most of the second quarter.

The COVID-19-related reduction in demand appeared late in the first quarter but added to the negative
effects of the warm winter in New Jersey. However, PSEG has managed through these challenges,
continuing our investment program at PSE&G, providing New Jersey with zero carbon emission power from
our nuclear facilities and ensuring efficient cost management across our business.

One of the biggest and most complex projects one can undertake, even in normal times, is managing a
nuclear refueling outage. So I'm pleased to report that the Salem 2 refueling outage is going quite well.
The nuclear team is doing a great job and has reduced the scope of the outage while expanding health
screenings to include non-PSEG crews in order to protect all workers at the multiunit site, which also
includes Salem 1 and Hope Creek.

As we celebrated the 50th anniversary of Earth Day last month, albeit virtually, PSEG also released
its inaugural climate report following the framework established by the Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures, also known as TCFD. The report acknowledges the continuing impact that climate
change is having on PSEG's operations, our service territory and on our customers' lives. And it proudly
details our support for the preservation of nuclear generation, implementation of energy efficiency to curb
greenhouse gas emissions and advocacy for effective climate policies, most importantly, a price on carbon
emissions.

On the regulatory and policy front, there have been several constructive developments at both FERC,
the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities, the BPU, since
our last earnings call. In March, FERC signaled in a notice of the proposed rulemaking, its support for

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04,
2020

the continuation of transmission incentives and recognize the overall value of transmission investments.
FERC also proposed increasing the RTO adder from 50 to 100 basis points for participating in a regional
transmission organization such as PJM. The New Jersey Energy Master Plan, finalized this past January,
noted that the BPU would increasingly engage in transmission ROE and cost allocation proceedings at
FERC on behalf of New Jersey rate payers. We continue to work with the BPU on these matters.

The BPU has also kept pace on their multiple clean energy agenda priorities, continuing its energy
efficiency transition proceeding, with stakeholder working group met webinars, including one being held
today. The BPU staff has advanced its view on administering EE programs to meet the annual 2% electric
savings and 0.75% gas savings targets in the 2008 Clean Energy Act, with the utilities having a lead role
in managing these critical efforts to cost effectively reduce usage, and therefore, emissions and customer
bills.

BPU staff also continues to consider stakeholder input on energy efficiency cost recovery. PSE&G has
been an active participant in a stakeholder dialogue on these and other energy efficiency topics. It is
expected that the BPU staff will submit its final energy efficiency proposal for a vote at an upcoming
agenda meeting in the near future.

The BPU has also supported the need for AMI and recently ended the statewide moratorium on smart
meters. The BPU has set procedural schedules for the Clean Energy Future proposals covering $600 million
of energy cloud or advanced metering infrastructure, smart meter, if you will, and $400 million of electric
vehicle energy storage programs. We will be working to conclude the AMI and electric vehicle and energy
storage proceedings toward the end of this year or the turn of the new year.

Most recently, the BPU moved to investigate the fixed resource requirement, or FRR, as an alternative
to satisfy the state's future capacity obligations with its preferred resource mix. The BPU's action was in
response to the FERC's December 2019 order that set replacement rules for the PJM capacity auction and
expanded the application for the minimum offer price rule to certain new and existing state-subsidized
generating resources, specifically, offshore wind, solar and nuclear. As you may recall, offshore wind and
the New Jersey nuclear units were both identified in the recent Energy Master Plan as essential to the
state's ability to achieve its carbon reduction goals.

PJM's March compliance filing, also in response to FERC's December order, proposed a price floor for
the New Jersey nuclear units, called the ACR or avoidable cost rate, that would preserve the full bidding
flexibility to clear in the upcoming PJM capacity auction. If New Jersey were to implement the FRR auction,
in broad terms, it would provide a choice for our nuclear units and the majority of our fossil fleet to
bid into either PJM's capacity auction or into a New Jersey FRR. An FRR could be structured to have a
longer tenor, a preference for zero carbon generation and would have locational delivery requirements.
We believe that the state could pursue an FRR without legislation, but ultimately, the decision to move
forward is theirs. We intend to participate in this proceeding and will suggest ways to design the FRR to
best minimize the cost impact of FERC's capacity ruling on New Jersey's customers.

We remain committed to executing on our 5-year $12 billion to $16 billion capital plan without the need
to issue equity. This plan is expected to generate compound annual growth in PSE&G's rate base of 6.5%
to 8%, starting from a 2019 year-end base of just over $20 billion. I will also note that more than 90% of
the utilities investments receive either formula rate or clause-based recovery off and on capital.

PSEG is continuing its due diligence and negotiations towards a joint venture agreement to potentially
acquire a 25% equity interest in Ørsted's 1,100 megawatt ocean wind project and expects to make a
decision this fall. PSEG has also improved its net liquidity position, ending March with approximately $4
billion of available liquidity.

And as always, we recognize the importance of our common dividend to our shareholders, ever mindful
of our 113-year track record, and we're committed to continuing to provide the opportunity for consistent
and sustainable growth in that dividend. Today, we are reaffirming our non-GAAP operating earnings
guidance for full year of 2020 of $3.30 to $3.50 per share. Our guidance does assume normal weather
and plant operations for the remainder of the year. The extremely mild weather in the quarter and the
associated weakness in market demand as well as impacts of COVID-19 will require maintaining solid

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04,
2020

operations and strong cost control at both the utility and PSEG Power, especially during the third quarter
cooling season.

I'll conclude by thanking all of our 13,000 employees for their extraordinary dedication, flexibility and
concern for each other. And for our customers over these many difficult weeks.

Now I'll turn the call over to Dan for more details on our financial and operating results. Dan?

Daniel J. Cregg
Executive VP & CFO

[Technical Difficulty]

Operator

We can hear you now.

Daniel J. Cregg
Executive VP & CFO

Okay. I'll go back to the beginning of my remarks. Sorry for the technical difficulties. As Ralph mentioned,
PSEG reported non-GAAP operating earnings for the first quarter of 2020 of $1.03 per share versus $1.08
per share in last year's first quarter. We have provided you with information on Slide 10 regarding the
contribution to non-GAAP operating earnings by business for the quarter. And Slide 11 contains a waterfall
chart that takes you through the net changes quarter-over-quarter in non-GAAP operating earnings by
major business.

And I'll start to review each company in more detail with PSE&G. PSE&G, as shown on Slide 13, reported
net income for the first quarter of 2020 of $0.87 per share compared with $0.79 per share for the first
quarter of 2019, up 10% versus last year. PSE&G's results were driven by revenue growth from ongoing
capital investment programs and transmission and distribution, which more than offset the impact of
unfavorable winter weather on electric and gas margin. As a reminder, our gas distribution business has a
weather normalization clause that moderates the impact of weather-related sales variances versus normal
weather.

Growth in transmission rate base, which added $0.06 per share to first quarter net income, includes
approximately $0.02 per share of items that will reverse over the second and third quarters of 2020 due to
timing of expenses in 2019 true-ups.

Gas margin, which includes the recovery of investments made under the Gas System Modernization
Program, or GSMP II, as well as higher weather-normalized gas sales margins, improved quarter-over-
quarter net income comparisons by $0.04.

Winter weather, as measured by heating degree days, was 19% warmer than normal and 19% warmer
than the first quarter of 2019. The negative impact of unfavorable weather on gas margin quarter-
over-quarter was largely offset by the gas weather normalization costs. However, the decline in electric
sales and revenue as a result of the large difference in weather reduced quarter-over-quarter earnings
comparisons by $0.02 per share.

For the trailing 12 months ended March 31, weather-normalized electric and weather-normalized firm
gas sales were each down approximately 1%, led by declines in commercial and industrial usage.
Residential sales were flat, with customer growth just under 1%, offset by increases in energy efficiency
and solar net metering. PSE&G's capital program remains on schedule, as mentioned earlier, with essential
work continuing on the majority of our critical reliability and infrastructure replacement projects at our
transmission and distribution facilities. PSE&G invested approximately $600 million in the first quarter and
is on track to meet its full year planned capital investment program of $2.7 billion.

Progress continues on several important projects, including the Metuchen-Trenton-Burlington project,
which energized its second phase and the Aldene-Linden project that recently energized an upgraded
circuit connecting Aldene and Linden. Both projects are on plan and on budget.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04,
2020

Customer bill affordability remains a key consideration as we invest in the system. And PSE&G remains
well positioned on this metric, with its combined electric and gas bills under 3% of New Jersey median
household income as of January 1, 2020. In March, PSE&G temporarily suspended all nonsafety-related
service shutoffs for nonpayment during the COVID-19 crisis, recognizing the financial hardship that many
of our customers are currently experiencing, and we will be advising them of available payment assistance
programs and bill management tools. And as a reminder, on the electric side, we recover our bad debt
expense through the societal benefits charge, which is trued up periodically. We are reaffirming PSE&G's
net income forecast for 2020 at $1.31 billion to $1.37 billion.

Now I'll move to Power. PSEG Power reported non-GAAP operating earnings of $0.17 per share and non-
GAAP adjusted EBITDA of $201 million. This compares to operating earnings of $0.29 per share and
adjusted EBITDA of $304 million reported for the first quarter of 2019. Net income for the first quarter
was $13 million or $0.02 per share and a pretax charge of $20 million to reflect a lower of cost or market
adjustment to oil inventory was recognized in the first quarter and excluded from our non-GAAP measures.
The earnings release and Slide 18 provide you with a detailed analysis of the items having an impact on
Power's non-GAAP operating earnings and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA relative to net income quarter-over-
quarter.

We've also provided you more detail on generation for the quarter on Slide 19. PSEG Power's first quarter
results were negatively affected by an extremely mild winter weather conditions compared to the first
quarter of 2019. A scheduled decline in PJM capacity revenue reduced non-GAAP operating earnings
comparisons by $0.11 per share compared to Q1 2019. The addition of ZEC revenues to first quarter
results added $0.07 per share. Lower generation output for the quarter reduced comparisons by $0.01 per
share, and recontracting reduced results by $0.01 per share, reflecting an approximate $1 per megawatt-
hour decline in the average hedge price versus the year ago quarter.

The weather-related decline in total gas send-out to commercial and industrial customers reduced results
by $0.04 per share. Higher O&M expense from an unplanned outage at Salem Unit 1 lowered results by
$0.01 per share. And higher interest expense lowered comparisons by $0.01 per share versus the year
ago quarter.

Gross margin for the first quarter declined slightly to $30 per megawatt hour compared to $31 per
megawatt hour in the year ago period. Power prices were weaker across PJM, New York and New England
compared to the year earlier quarter as winter temperatures were 16% higher on average versus the first
quarter of 2019. PSEG Power's average capacity prices in PJM are set to rise in the second half of 2020.
And beginning on June 1, the average PJM capacity price will rise to $168 per megawatt day, up from $116
per megawatt day. And ISO New England capacity prices are scheduled to decline, but the impact on our
capacity revenue will be moderated by the addition of Bridgeport Harbor 5 and its 7-year capacity lock at
$232 per megawatt day.

Now let's turn to Power's operations. Total generation output declined by 6.5% to 13.2 terawatt-hours,
reflecting the sale of the Keystone and Conemaugh units last fall. PSEG Power's combined cycle fleet
produced 5.1 terawatt-hours of output, up 16%, reflecting the addition of Bridgeport Harbor 5, which was
placed into operation in June of 2019. The 3 newest combined-cycle units, Keys, Sewaren and Bridgeport,
combined to post a strong average capacity factor of 81% in the quarter. The nuclear fleet operated at an
average capacity factor of 94.9% for the first quarter, producing 8 terawatt-hours, representing 61% of
total generation. Higher output from Hope Creek and Salem 2 partly offset a month-long repair outage
at Salem Unit 1, resulting in a 2% decrease in nuclear output for the quarter. Salem 2 entered its 24th
refueling outage on April 11, and the outage has been scaled back to complete a core set of essential
tasks, which is expected to reduce the duration and cost of the outage.

PSEG Power continues to forecast annual output for the years 2020 through 2022 at 50 to 52 terawatt-
hours. The remainder of 2020, Power has hedged approximately 95% to 100% of production at an
average price of $36 per megawatt-hour. 2021, Power has hedged 55% to 60% of forecasted production
at an average price of $35 per megawatt-hour. And for 2022, Power has hedged 25% to 30% of
forecasted output at an average price of $35 per megawatt-hour.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04,
2020

More than 70% of PSEG Power's expected gross margin in 2020 is secured by our higher hedge position
of energy output, capacity revenue set in previous auctions, the opportunity to earn a full year of ZEC
revenues and certain ancillary service payments such as reactive power.

We are reaffirming our forecast of PSEG Power's non-GAAP operating earnings for 2020 at $345 million to
$435 million and non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA at $950 million to $1.05 billion. Adjusted EBITDA for the first
quarter of 2020 includes pretax expenses of $35 million related to the purchase of New Jersey tax credits,
and the benefit from this program is included below EBITDA in the income tax expense. And it combines
for a net benefit for the quarter of $5 million, and there were no similar transactions in Q1 of 2019.

Now let me briefly address results from PSEG Enterprise/Other. For the first quarter of 2020, Enterprise/
Other reported a net loss of $5 million or $0.01 per share compared to net income of $1 million, flat on a
per share basis in the year-earlier quarter. The net loss for the first quarter reflects higher interest and tax
expenses at the parent, partially offset by ongoing contributions from PSEG Long Island. For 2020, we are
reaffirming that the forecast for PSEG Enterprise/Other remains unchanged at a net loss of $5 million.

PSEG ended the quarter with $799 million of cash on the balance sheet. In March of this year, PSEG closed
on a $300 million variable rate loan due March of 2021. As of March 31, PSEG had access to $3.2 billion
under its $4.2 billion credit facility, with a $4 billion revolver extended by a year to March of 2024. Debt at
the end of March stood at 52% of our consolidated capital, and debt at PSEG Power represented 32% of
its capital at the end of the quarter.

During the first quarter, PSE&G issued $300 million of 10-year 2.45% secured medium-term loans, and
$300 million of 30-year 3.15% secured medium-term loans. In addition, we retired a $406 million 5.13%
note at PSEG Power that matured in April. Also in April, PSEG closed 2 additional term loans totaling $500
million. For the balance of the year, we have approximately $260 million of PSE&G maturities that come
due in August. And a $700 million parent maturity in November. Our solid balance sheet and credit metrics
keep us in a position to internally fund our 2020 to 2024 capital investment program without the need to
issue new equity. And as Ralph mentioned earlier, we are reaffirming our forecast of non-GAAP operating
earnings for the full year 2020 of $3.30 to $3.50 per share.
That concludes my remarks. And now I'll turn the call back for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04,
2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] First question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Congratulations on holding everything together here.

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks. Thanks, Julien.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Absolutely. Well, so I wanted to dig in a little bit further on the Power and PSE&G '20 reaffirm. When you
think about the cost controls that you've embedded -- and I appreciate it's a dynamic situation so it's hard
to put your finger on it. What's the order of magnitude that you all are contemplating and reaffirming
here today, especially as it relates to the power side of the business? Just because, obviously, that is
hedged largely but not entirely. So I'm just trying to understand the order of magnitude that you all
are contemplating in your guidance here when you think about the puts and takes here against what is
obviously moving target and expectations for full year load and average pricing.

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

So Julien, rather than give you piece parts with specific numbers attached to each piece part -- but first
of all, it's good to hear your voice. I hope you and your family are well and that you're managing in these
challenging times as well. Some of the things that we've done, as a for instance, is we recalibrated our
nuclear refueling outage and we took a bunch of days off. I can't give you that number because I don't
think we've posted it on OASIS. We didn't have the original number of days. And so therefore, I don't want
to give you the new number days.

While O&M goes up, given the work rules we have to put in place for an outage, and therefore, we only
save a modest amount of O&M by shortening the outage, we increased a lot of the revenue expectations
for things like ZEC payments and things of that sort by abbreviating the outage.

You've mentioned the hedge position. And even though the hedges aren't perfect, they were -- we were
about 95% hedged for this year. There's been some fairly modest O&M reductions just in terms of support
services that we've been able to capture just because of the change in work practices.

So those are the types of things over at Power in the utility. Because we are only doing the essential work
for customers, there's been some reduction in O&M associated with some of the appliance repair work and
things of that nature that the government has asked us to not do. And in the meantime, we're still full
speed ahead on the capital program, which as you know, gets a 90% clause recovery.

So it's been a combination of things, and the team is working 24/7 to make sure that we're constantly
adjusting and tweaking. And Dan, please feel free to add, if you'd like.

Daniel J. Cregg
Executive VP & CFO

I think that's a good summary. And I also think that you will see some benefit come through as well to
the extent that you see a lower cost to serve on some of our hedges as well. So to the extent that we've
got a lower market that we can work to support some of the hedges, you could see some benefits coming

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04,
2020

through there. And some of those contracts tend to lean a little bit more on the smaller side or on the
residential side so that there can be some uptick there as well, Julien.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Got it. Excellent. And then if I can quickly follow up on a second piece here. The offshore wind
arrangement, how are you thinking about coming to terms on that? And ultimately, is the timing of this
ultimately drawn into a broader conversation about FRR and election and thought process in the state?
And do we need to see some kind of resolution from the state in order for you to feel comfortable to
participate in whatever form?

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

No, that's -- thank you, Julien. Good question. Let me be more explicit than I've been in the past because
Ørsted is just a terrific company and a very valuable partner, but time is our friend. So we are just -- I
don't mean to upset my colleagues at Ørsted if they're listening, but it is to our advantage to take every
day to learn as much as we possibly can about this business and maximize the time frame that they've
granted us to make that decision because we started from a position of relative ignorance.

So that -- so really, it's just making use of every day to be smarter and smarter about what is entailed
in developing that project. The state is absolutely committed to building that project. It would appear
the federal agencies are as well. There have been well-publicized delays in different projects around the
company. Ørsted themselves have talked about some of the delays in getting through the federal permits.

So it's really not a question of the FRR at all. The BPU order is quite clear on what the commercial terms
of that project will be -- are and will be. And we just now need to understand that given that very well-
established top line, what does the middle of the income statement look like in terms of the ongoing
operational costs and then make a decision sometime in the fall.

So it's just a -- I'm going to repeat myself. Time is our friend in terms of collecting more and more
information and getting smarter and smarter.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Got you. Excellent. And then no update on time line for FRR resolution as far as you're concerned.

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

My educated guess, and I don't mean to sound presumptuous by putting the adjective educated, is that
it's probably at the earliest end of year, more likely spilling into Q1 of next year. Remember, the state
really doesn't have to worry about paying double for capacity now that the nuclear units are covered or
at least for the foreseeable future until offshore wind comes online, and that's not going to happen until
2024. So you'd have to worry about the 2021 auction before you have to kick in your FRR so as to avoid
that duplicative payment for capacity.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Constantine with Guggenheim Partners.

Constantine Lednev
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Shar had to jump, so I'm taking some questions here. It's great to hear the update on everyone staying
safe and work going on. You mentioned the kind of 5% to 7% load impact that you're seeing. And so if
we kind of just look at kind of an extended lockdown in New Jersey, saying kind of full second quarter,
what does that kind of mean in terms of sensitivities for EPS and kind of understanding that there's some
offsetting dynamics and kind of having only a quarter of the margin on -- really on C&I? And can you talk

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04,
2020

about kind of -- you mentioned the bid on the cost efficiency levers that are being implied, but a little bit
more detail in terms of kind of magnitude versus that sensitivity?

Daniel J. Cregg
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Constantine. So it's been a little challenging, and Ralph referenced in his original remarks that
without AMI, the granularity that we would like to have, we don't have. So we know for a fact that in the
aggregate, when we take a look at what reductions are, we're in that 5% to 7% range on a weather-
normalized basis. And by all indications, we're going to see an uptick on the residential side, and we're
going to see more challenges on the C&I side, just knowing what's going on.

So we basically have taken a look at that kind of a trajectory and presume that we would continue to see
that through the balance of the year. Now it's going to have varied effects as you go through the year.
You're going to have different seasonality. You're going to have different effects moving through the year.
But that's what we use to try to gauge what things would look like. And if you take a look at both from
a power and a utility business combined and you try to take a look at what that's going to do from an
EPS perspective, it ranges in the order of about $0.01 a month from the standpoint of impact from an
enterprise earnings perspective through the summer periods. And then when you get into the fall, into
more of a shoulder period, you could see a little bit less of an impact just because you've got a different
dynamic with respect to what overall loads are.

So that's an admittedly rough estimate given the data that we do have and how we've been able to
forecast it out. And as we go through time, we'll continue to get more data and more data on a customer
segment perspective and be able to refine that. But that's the order of magnitude that we've seen from
the standpoint of losses to date and where we think it may end up coming out.

That's a gross margin number, so we're going to take that. And then you would tax effect that and then
you're going to work your way through on the cost side. And there are some basic things that are fairly
obvious if you think about the cost structure of the business, and you could think about things like travel.
You could think about some of the basic things like Ralph described, that we're going to strip some of the
outages down to.

So some work may be more expensive to do, but there will be some of it that will not be done during this
period, which will cause some savings. So we will continue to manage this as we go through the balance
of the year. And I think from taking all this and looking at it, that's what gives us confidence to be able to
reaffirm guidance.

Constantine Lednev
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. That makes sense, kind of offsetting on both sides. And another you kind of -- this might be one for
Ralph. You talked about kind of the NJ BPU and kind of engaging stakeholders on ROE. Is there kind of any
advancements? And what sorts of conversations are kind of being had at this stage?

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, Constantine. And I echo what I mentioned a moment ago. I'm glad to hear your voice and hope you
and your family are well in addition.

So I don't want to go into details on the conversation with the BPU on transmission ROE, but suffice to say
that we still are in conversation. And the motivation for that really is the fact that the New Jersey economy
is in a tough state right now. And I think the BPU realizes that this is a great opportunity for possibly
refunding to customers many, many dollars as a result of a reduction in our allowed ROE. And rather than
enter into a protracted litigated case at FERC, which would take many years to have that rate relief occur,
now is a good time to do it. And we would agree with that.

Having said that, we've been very clear with the BPU as to what we think is a fair return. And we're not
going to settle on something unless it matches what we think is a fair return. And I'm sure they feel the
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04,
2020

same way. So the good news is we are still in conversation, and we both recognize that there could be a
win-win if we can narrow the gap that continues to exist between us.

So I'm sorry if we're not giving you a specific number or a specific answer right now, Constantine, but
just the nature of that dialogue doesn't allow me to do that. But all parties realize that it would be a great
benefit to many folks to reach resolution. And if we can't, then we -- so be it. It will be decided elsewhere.

We had technical difficulties before. I'm hoping that we didn't just go silent again.

Constantine Lednev
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

No. Sorry about that. I just happened to be on mute. Just one real quick one for Dan. Is there any kind of
volumetric risk remaining with the hedges on Power for the remainder of the year? Or is that kind of pretty
hedged out?

Daniel J. Cregg
Executive VP & CFO

There's volumetric aspects on some of our hedges. There's volumetric aspects on some of our generation
as well. And that's how I would have you think about it, Constantine. So the nuclear units are going to run
like nuclear units. And then our gas units with pretty significant capacity factors will still follow load.

And similarly, we will have some block hedges that will be on, and we will have some load deals that will
be on. That makes up the aggregate of our hedge portfolio. So I think you've got the ability for some of
your generation to flex based upon changes in load. And I think you've got some of your hedges that will
do the same. And so they will not be in absolute lockstep, but I think that those hedges will work well for
the fleet that we have, and you'll see some of them work in approximate tandem.

Operator

Your next question is from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.

Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Hopefully, you can hear me.

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. We can hear you.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

I've seen you nearly as much as... I think I've seen you, Ralph, nearly as much as my family, on TV the
last few weeks. So it's been nice. Good to see your face. So couple of things. Just on the guidance for
2020, you mentioned you just continued strong operations and cost control. Is that just to kind of say
that there are pressures and you don't have as much cushion as normal? Or what are you trying to kind of
emphasize there?

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

Nothing more than what we said there, Steve. I mean so the kind of flexibility you have is outage
duration, and that helps both in terms of the cost associated with the outage as well as the opportunity for
margin acquisition. In the utilities, the type of thing that you have is if you do less O&M and more capital,
you can both benefit from the clause recovery associated with the capital and benefit from the reduced
O&M. In eliminating some of the nonessential services, there's some reduction in overtime.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04,
2020

So it's really a combination of things like that. There's not one specific item. By the way, that TV spot that
you saw was recorded by my wife on an iPhone. So we saved money there, if you're curious. We almost
incurred some expense with a divorce attorney, but that was okay. We managed through that.

So I know that everybody wants to, "Okay, so what are we doing to get $0.05? What are we doing to get
$0.03?" But it just doesn't work that way. It's really a never-ending focus on a bunch of small things that
add up.

In terms of the guidance range, as Dan said, we are going to be swimming against about $0.01 a share
if this current trend in demand reduction continues with a lesser amount after the summer. So that's the
bogey that we're fighting against. So obviously, when we give our $0.20 range, we have enough flexibility
in there with that kind of a headwind with some of the offsets to reaffirm.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Great. And then just on the New Jersey capital programs outside of the base rate case, just based on
the schedules you have now, how are you feeling about some meaningful amount of those investments
starting to be made or being made in 2021?

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, I feel good about it. Let me tell you why, because that is something you've heard me say before.
Despite phenomenally good management on the part of Gov. Murphy, New Jersey has been dealt a really
tough hand here. We are a densely populated state. And therefore, as a result of that population density,
we are being hit harder than no other state, other than New York, in terms of COVID-19. That is having
huge social impacts, health impacts as well as economic impacts.

And we are, as a company, probably best positioned to help in regard to those economic impacts, right?
The energy efficiency filing that we have made has huge benefits in terms of up to 5,000 jobs that could
be created as a result of that and bill reductions for customers and shareholder benefits. I mean that --
there is nothing that you can point to that has that kind of multiple benefit.

In the past -- I'm not saying this will be repeated now, but in the past, in 2008, when we had economic
downturn, there was a desire on the part of the BPU to accelerate some of the aging infrastructure
replacement as a form of economic stimulus. We'll certainly remind them of that. And we do have
bandwidth to do more on the electric distribution side than we're doing now, which is useful stuff to do
while recognizing some of the economic impacts that we're experiencing as a state.

So I do think that we are generally viewed as someone that can help with economic recovery. And right
now, as you well know, we're expecting to resolve the energy efficiency component by September of this
year.

Operator

Your next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research.

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

A quick one on just -- am I hearing you right, Ralph? I think what you're saying is that pretty much all of
the capital work you're currently doing is continuing under an essential header, but it's really more O&M-
type activities that you're having to curtail. Is that correct? Or is there -- are there some sort of elements
of the capital program that are also going to need to catch up a little bit when things start to normalize?

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

No. That's correct, Jonathan. You heard me correctly.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04,
2020

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Okay. So that was one. And then you mentioned, Ralph, in your prepared remarks that you have some
concerns about mutual aid and how that will work as we get further into the year and storm season. Could
you maybe talk about some of the things you're doing or thinking about as you try to address that?

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

First, I'm surprised that you can tell if those are prepared remarks. I thought you realized that I just -- but
yes. No. So we had a little bit of a taste of this, Jonathan. About 2 or so weeks ago, we had a significant
storm roll through. But it was high winds and lots of rain, but it happened before the tree is all leafed out.
So we dodged a bit of a bullet.

But normally, what you do when you see a storm coming is you arrange for contractors and other utilities
who are not likely to be affected because they're not in the path of the storm to stage your workforce. And
it might be just getting them ready to leave from wherever they are or you might actually get them to
New Jersey and have them in place.

We were able to secure about 40% of what we asked for. And it was a combination of, candidly, utilities
not willing to risk their own employees in terms of their exposure to jobs and travel limitations put on
some of the contractors. So if we have that experience when the trees all have leaves on them and the
wind blows, then we will have to communicate extensively with customers about some of the likely delays
that they will experience in being restored.

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Great. Okay. So you're really pointing out the issue as opposed to that being a way of addressing it at this
point. Okay.

Operator

Your next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just want to go back to FRR, if I could. How do you see the near-term cost dynamics of an FRR versus
the PJM capacity auction influencing the BPU, the valuation of the long-term issue of double payment for
capacity?

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

So there's multiple factors that we're exploring with the BPU as they are exploring with many other
people. I didn't mean to suggest that we are the only folks that they're talking to. That's not the case.
They have a formal proceeding that they've announced.

One possibility is that you could be seeing a different price in New Jersey than you would see in PJM at
large. But the fact that you only need to secure a 15% or 16% reserve margin as opposed to the larger
reserve margin that's in the broader PJM could allow the total amount of money that is paid by customers
to be less, right? So whether you have a case where you pay a higher price in New Jersey but you buy less
of it, so the unit cost is more but the number of units is less. So the product of the 2 turns out to be less
expensive for the state.

If you were to just look at offshore wind aspirations of the state and then take a look at what typical
Eastern MAAC capacity prices have been, and then you factor in what the capacity value of the offshore
wind might be granted by PJM, you quickly get to 8, if not 9, figures in just a few years in terms of extra
payments on the part of New Jersey customers for not having offshore wind be able to clear the auction.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04,
2020

So you have those 2 potential savings, right? One savings is the avoidance of paying twice. That's the 8
to 9 figures for offshore wind capacity. That won't be granted a recognition on the part of PJM and would
not be able to clear the auction at the ACRs that have been proposed. And the second is just the mere fact
that by virtue of New Jersey having to secure only a 15% or 16% reserve margin, it could save there as
well. So you have this double benefit that the state could realize if it designs the FRR in a competitive way
that recognizes the carbon-free resources that it is committed to securing.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. That's really helpful. And just one more, if I could. If you have any thoughts you could share when
you think settlement discussions could begin on the CEF proceeding.

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, so we've had good conversations with the board staff. They know what's important to us, and we've
been very clear. It's to be in different energy efficiency investments. We would hope that the Board would
incentivize us. I may have just created a verb. But at the very least, we should be indifferent to whether
we invest in a circuit, a meter or energy efficiency, and that's worked in other states. We need to have
fixed cost recovery because the profitability of energy efficiency is much smaller than the fixed cost lost if
you avoid a kilowatt-hour sale, and that's been recognized by other leading states. And last but not least,
we want to make sure that the state recognizes the importance of having the useful life of the asset be
matched up with the depreciable life of the asset, which is just sort of good ratemaking practice that we
applied to our $30 billion in rate base throughout the system. So I think those are the 3 critical items.

Then you have much more latitude about, well, how much of this do you want to do. And we've sized the
program to achieve the targets of the Clean Energy Act. We could do more, but if the state doesn't want
to achieve the targets of the Clean Energy Act or wants to phase that in more slowly, it may ask us to do
less.

I am encouraged by the fact that the state gave us $110 million bridge in just these next 6 months while
we wait to resolve the settlement discussions. And if you look at $110 million over 6 months and you
compare that to the $40 million per year we've been averaging, that's certainly a nice step in the right
direction. I'm not trying to signal anything with that other than obviously growing enthusiasm for energy
efficiency.

So we'll know more by September, and that's a lot sooner than you may think. I hope that helps, Jeremy.
I know it's -- once again, in confidential settlement discussions, I have to just be careful about how much
detail I share because I don't think that's fair to the other parties.

Operator

Your next question is from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.

Paul Patterson
Glenrock Associates LLC

So just to sort of follow up on the FRR discussion. It sounds like that, given everything you're saying and
what the commission and what-have-you are saying, it's very likely that they probably will go for the FRR
option. Is that the way we should be thinking?

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

Look, they're the final decider of that, but I think that, that is the logical thing for the state to do. Why
New Jersey would want to pay twice for capacity in what is obviously an extremely ambitious carbon-free
energy agenda would boggle my mind. New solar and offshore wind are not going to clear the auction at
these ACRs. So I would think that the state would be greatly incented to do an FRR.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04,
2020

Paul Patterson
Glenrock Associates LLC

Okay. That makes sense. And so I guess what I was sort of also wondering, sort of to follow-up on -- you
mentioned the stimulus benefit of infrastructure development that you guys have produced in the past.
And you also mentioned the ROE transmission discussion that you're having with the commission. So I'm
sort of wondering how should we think about what -- I think probably -- maybe you disagree, but there
probably is going to be substantial budget pressure even with federal assistance in New Jersey.

How should we think about sort of just the potential financial problems that the state is going to be
facing and weighing the 2 issues that you mentioned, which is, one, perhaps not wanting to see big rate
impacts? And then two, wanting to probably see economic activity stimulated? Do you follow what I'm
saying? How should we...

Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, I do. I mean -- so if it were me and I were writing the script, which I don't, but certainly, what we're
telling policymakers is that an adjustment to transmission ROE to a reasonable level would still be a very
attractive annual giveback of rates to customers. Significant investments in energy efficiency also puts
more money into customers' pockets by virtue of bill reductions. Infrastructure investments helps us to
employ contractors and other folks. And in doing work, that gets paid back over 40 and 60 years because
that's how long these assets last.

So you have both expense savings through transmission ROE reset and energy efficiency as well as payroll
increases through energy efficiency and payroll increases through infrastructure investment, the latter of
which gets paid over many decades because that is the life of the asset.

So all that, if done properly, results in net reductions in bills and creations of thousands of jobs. And
that's not alchemy. That's just the hard reality and benefits associated with energy efficiency, rate relief
and infrastructure investment. So I would do that in the heartbeat. And we are having those kind of
conversations. That will be up to the BPU, though, to decide.

So I think we're at the appointed hour. I just want to conclude with 3 thoughts for you. I know it's a
bit of a cliché at this point, but I must tell you, I couldn't be more proud of our employees, whether it's
managing a nuclear outage safely with de minimis impact on health and safety and being able to get the
work done on time or the storm response to what I mentioned before in terms of that rain event.

Our call center stats are even better than they were. We've closed the books on time. Our communications
personnel are working from home but keeping our employees apprised of what's going on. And a
shoutout, as Steve Fleishman mentioned, to my wife for her superior cameraman skills and getting our
commercial on the air. And by the way, folks are not working 5 days a week anymore. They are 24/7
during this and somehow managing to get all of this done. So I couldn't be more proud of them.

And I really want to thank the policymakers and decision-makers at the BPU and in New Jersey
government. They have recognized the essential nature of the work we've done. They've allowed us
to keep our capital work on track with the right social distancing and with the right precautions. And
we've taken that trust that they've given us quite seriously, and our exposure rates are lower than the
population at large, despite the fact that about half of our employees are out there in the field doing work
on a regular basis.

And the BPU, working remotely, has kept their procedural schedules on track. Not only now do we have
procedural schedules for all of CEF, not only for energy efficiency but for AMI and for electric vehicles and
battery storage, but they've also taken on the challenge of resolving an FRR. And they've engaged this in
an ROE discussion for transmission. So folks at the state government are just doing tremendous things in
terms of meeting these challenges that we all feel personally, while at the same time, keeping the trains
running on time and adding a few trains to the schedule.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04,
2020

So despite these tough times, I'm just in awe of what people are doing everywhere in terms of rising to
the challenge. And to all of you on the call, if you have friends or family members who are in health care
services or providing those services to the rest of the population, please express our thanks to them on
our behalf and our respect and admiration for all that they are doing.

So we'll see some of you virtually, I'm told, in various meetings and conferences. And we'll Zoom or
WebEx or do whatever works and then hope to see you in person in a not very distant future. Thank you.
Be well and stay safe. Take care.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. You may disconnect, and thank you
for participating.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04,
2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

