PVH Corp. NYSE:PVH
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, December 03, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

0.24

1.32

450.00

(0.19)

-

(2.30)

6.02

Revenue  (mm)

1995.55

2118.10

6.14

2125.85

2080.64

7125.60

8803.75

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Dec-03-2020 12:18 PM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.81

(1.75)

(2.43)

0.24

1.88

(3.03)

0.13

1.32

SURPRISE

3.87 %

NM

NM

450.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
PVH CORP. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 03, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Dana M. Perlman
Senior VP of Business
Development & Investor Relations
and Treasurer

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating
& Financial Officer

Stefan Larsson
President

ANALYSTS

Dana Lauren Telsey
Telsey Advisory Group LLC

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Heather Nicole Balsky
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Jamie Susan Merriman
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

PVH CORP. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 03, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the PVH Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. Today's call is being
recorded.

And at this time, I would like to turn the call over to Dana Perlman. Please go ahead.

Dana M. Perlman
Senior VP of Business Development & Investor Relations and Treasurer

Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the PVH Corp. Third Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call. This webcast and conference call is being recorded on behalf of PVH and
consists of copyrighted material. It may not be recorded, rebroadcast or otherwise transmitted without
PVH's written permission. Your participation in the question-and-answer session constitutes your consent
to having anything you say appear on any transcript or replay of this call.

The information to be discussed includes forward-looking statements that reflect PVH's view as of
December 2, 2020, of future events and financial performance. These statements are subject to risks
and uncertainties indicated in the company's SEC filings and the safe harbor statement included in the
press release that is the subject of this call. These risks and uncertainties include PVH's right to change its
strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions and its need to use significant cash flow to service its
debt obligations.

Significantly, at this time, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to have a significant impact on the
company's business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. There is significant
uncertainty about the duration and extent of the impact of the pandemic. The dynamic nature of these
circumstances means what is said on this call could change materially at any time. Therefore, the
operation of the company's business and its future results of operations could differ materially from
historical practices and results or current descriptions, estimates and suggestions. PVH does not undertake
any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, including, without limitation, any
estimates or suggestions regarding revenue or earnings.

Generally, the financial information and projections to be discussed will be on a non-GAAP basis as defined
under SEC rules. Reconciliations to GAAP amounts are included in PVH's third quarter 2020 earnings
release, which can be found on www.pvh.com and in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished
to the SEC in connection with the release.

At this time, I'm pleased to turn the conference over to Mr. Manny Chirico, Chairman and CEO of PVH.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me on the call this morning is Stefan Larsson, our President;
Mike Shaffer, our Chief Operating Officer and CFO; and Dana Perlman, our Head of Treasury and Senior
Vice President, Business Development and Investor Relations.

First of all, I'd like to thank you all for joining us for the third quarter call. It's hard to believe that this is
the third earnings call since the pandemic started, and our associates in certain parts of the world have
been working remotely for over 9 months now. I would truly like to thank all our associates for their hard
work and flexibility, in particular, our dedicated retail store and distribution center associates who manage
to keep running our business as usual despite the backdrop, which is far from normal. Our third quarter
results were very strong, and we significantly outperformed our top and bottom line expectations across
all markets and channels despite the challenging environment.

I'm also very pleased to note that our fourth quarter is off to a very strong start as we are outperforming
our plans for our global holiday kickoff events, including Singles' Day in Asia; and Black Friday, which is

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

PVH CORP. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 03, 2020

now being observed in many markets outside the U.S. And we feel great about the momentum behind our
brands. There is clearly an unprecedented amount of change happening in the apparel industry, which the
pandemic has only accelerated. To navigate this backdrop, our teams have been evolving our business
model to compete in the new world of retail and, in particular, capture the younger consumer generation
while continuing to serve our core consumer.

We also addressed near-term challenges, which are -- with a long-term approach to drive sustainable,
profitable growth, including some difficult business decisions as we recognize the need to adapt quickly
to the realities that COVID-19 is presenting to us with. In this context, we have been accelerating our
digital agenda and reallocating additional resources to drive growth in this highly important channel. We
are seeing strong revenue growth and are pleased that our EBIT margins for our own digital business are
in line with those of our overall business, which, as we continue to scale the business, should continue
to improve. We also continue to evolve our business towards the comfort and casual categories that are
working with the consumer today, especially the younger generations.

And lastly, we continue to pivot towards our international businesses where we continue to see a very
significant revenue opportunity for both our Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger businesses while also
contributing a higher overall operating margin. We believe that our focus on these aspects of the business
will drive long-term revenue and margin growth for our stockholders driven by gross margin expansion
and SG&A leverage. Stefan and Mike will get into the specifics of the third quarter as well as the current
fourth quarter sales and margin trends, which are all very positive.

I'm also extremely pleased with the tremendous liquidity that we have in place in order to expand any
potential disruption from the pandemic. We are cautiously optimistic about this year's unique holiday
season. Clearly, the shift to digital is the narrative for this holiday season. And we have positioned our
business to succeed in this context with strong digital events planned, inventory, investments to fuel the
demand in the channel and adjustments to the in-store experience to adapt to the capacity constraints in
stores. We believe that we are positioned to capture market share for holiday while also selling through
any carryover inventories. We'll continue to monitor how the virus ebbs and flows as well as its impact on
our business.

Before I pass things over to Stefan, I'd like to just acknowledge what a privilege it has been to lead
PVH as CEO for the last 15 years. I truly want to thank the PVH Board and all our amazing associates
worldwide for all their contributions and, most importantly, their partnership and support. I'm quite
amazed at how PVH has grown and transformed during my 15-year career at PVH. We've evolved from
over -- from a North America-based dress shirt business with sales of $1.5 billion to a portfolio of global
iconic brands with about 70% of our EBIT coming from outside the U.S., over 40,000 associates employed
worldwide and close to $10 billion in revenues last year. We've also developed one of the industry's leading
corporate responsibility platforms. And our vision to drive fashion forward for good motivates and guides
the way we operate our business every day.

In my new role as Chairman, I look forward to seeing PVH continue to drive this vision forward and
deliver the company's next chapter of growth and profit recovery. I have great confidence in Stefan as
he assumes the role of CEO in February. His global experience, consumer focus and high-performance
track record, especially in this unprecedented time of disruption, are tremendous assets for PVH. As Stefan
continues to partner with our incredible team of senior leaders, many that have been here for over a
decade, I believe that their expertise and collective knowledge of our industry and consumer base will help
maximize the growth potential for PVH.

Overall, I'm very optimistic about future opportunities ahead for PVH. We have unique, competitive
advantages: our incredible people, our iconic global brands and our strong financial and operating
fundamentals, which I believe will position us to continue to deliver sustainable long-term growth for all of
our stakeholders.

With that, I turn it over to Stefan for comments about the quarter and the fourth quarter as well.

Stefan Larsson
President

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

PVH CORP. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 03, 2020

Thank you, Manny, and good morning, everyone.

First, let me start by saying that I'm deeply honored and humbled by the opportunity to succeed Manny in
the CEO role for this great company. And I would like to thank Manny and the Board for their confidence
and trust in me as well as for a very strong partnership. Manny is one of the few iconic leaders of our
industry. And having had the opportunity to work side by side with him over the last 1.5 years has given
me unique insights into how he and our team over the last 15 years have built PVH into one of the
largest apparel groups in the world. My focus will be to build on the core strengths that brought us here
and connecting them closer to where the consumer is going than any time before, which will form the
foundation to successfully deliver our next chapter of growth. And coming in as the CEO, I will continue to
build up on the people-first values Manny has instilled in PVH.

With the critical start of the holiday season now underway, our teams have been doing a great job
in pivoting to optimizing our consumer offering to this very different kind of environment where
supercharging digital and our omnichannel capabilities and leaning into our casual essential products led
to our strongest-ever digital holiday sales results and an above-plan performance for the initial holiday
period overall. Our strong execution, including our events for Amazon Prime Day, Singles' Day and Black
Friday in Asia, Europe and North America reflects the hard work and flexibility of our talented teams
around the world. And I would like to thank everyone for their critical contributions.

I will now share some key insights on how we drove performance in the third quarter and fourth quarter to
date. And as Manny mentioned, Mike will then share more financial details and current trends.

The focus for our brands and regions has remained to successfully navigate through the pandemic, capture
market share in the holiday period and selling through seasonal inventory to enter spring 2021 with a
clean inventory position. In parallel to the focus on driving the business here and now, we continue to lean
in to drive an accelerated recovery to win with the consumer coming out of COVID.

I'd like to start by sharing some proof points, demonstrating our progress against 3 value-creating areas
that we outlined last quarter. First, we continue to supercharge the e-commerce channel through our
owned and operated as well as third-party digital partners. As a result, for the quarter, we grew total
digital sales by 36%, including 70% growth on our owned sites. We are seeing strong new user growth,
particularly with the younger consumers, as we expanded our casual assortments and offered digital
innovations, such as live streams and targeted activations with the pure players. Improved in-stock levels
and enhancement to our owned sites are also resonating well, including ship-from-store and additional
payment options, which are all important to attract and convert the younger consumers.

Next, we continued to increase our focus on driving product relevance, which led to stronger-than-
expected demand and margin in our key casual categories. Within these categories -- key categories, we
increased our focus on the essential products that have the highest demand and, at the same time, we
rationalized unproductive SKUs, resulting in higher AURs in many of our most important products.

Lastly, we are realizing the savings from our recent workforce reductions in North America, and we
continue to evaluate further measures to drive cost efficiencies across the company. While our regions are
all in various stages of their recovery, these focus areas continue to guide our teams with clear objectives
to operate against, to drive an accelerated recovery.

As I provide a regional update, you will see that the third quarter operating environment had stores open
for the majority of the quarter. However, in late October, the virus resurgence intensified, resulting in
temporary store closures in Europe and further weakening of our store traffic in North America.

Let me start with Asia, specifically with China. Overall, China remains the furthest ahead in terms of the
recovery with sales up 6% in the quarter -- in the third quarter and total digital sales up 63% as well as
improving traffic in our brick-and-mortar stores.

Our teams in Asia has been doing a great job planning and executing the back half of this year. They have
supercharged e-commerce, leaned into our big casual categories, the most relevant casual and athleisure
products and based on our selling trends, cut many unproductive styles, all leading to improved sell-

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

PVH CORP. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 03, 2020

throughs and markdown rates. They have also been effective with their brand marketing and consumer
engagement.

During the third quarter, we experienced very strong performance in China during Golden Week. And
we were also pleased with the start of the fourth quarter, including Singles' Day sales, which now spans
several weeks, where we grew over 50% on Tmall and drove positive comp store sales in our brick-and-
mortar stores at the same time, all with increased pricing power. Our strong execution, including live
streaming activations with top Chinese live streamer, Viya, resulted in market share gains against the
competition with Tommy's ranking in Tmall flagship store rising 14 places.

And lastly, our marketing activations resonated very well with the consumer, including Calvin's virtual
event with Ambassador Lay Zhang, which we livestreamed from our Shanghai Daning store, resulting in
plus-48% growth that day on Tmall and 2.6 million views on Weibo.

Overall, while there has been some infection resurgence in Japan and parts of Southeast Asia, we continue
to make good progress towards a continued strong recovery in the region as a whole driven largely by
China and digital strength.

Moving on to Europe. Our business across both brands outperformed despite the tough backdrop with
revenues declining only 4% versus last year in local currency. Just like in Asia, our management team
in Europe has been very effective in taking sustainable, profitable market share in a very difficult
environment. We drove a very strong recovery for the majority of the quarter, including in our brick-and-
mortar stores. However, since late October, we have been negatively affected by the resurgence of the
virus with an increasing number of lockdowns imposed towards the end of the quarter.

Overall, strong brand product and channel execution drove higher consumer and retailer demand for our
Tommy Hilfiger and Calvin Klein products to the point where we were chasing goods in select categories
to fuel the consumer demand while also achieving strong margins. Our well-developed, scalable digital
distribution network continues to be a real competitive advantage. We grew total digital sales by 33%
as we continue to post outside growth through our owned and operated sites as well as through our
partnerships with Zalando, ASOS and ABOUT YOU.

With approximately 40% of our stores temporarily closed in Europe during November, we quickly pivoted
our operations to best leverage our digital distribution network. And we're also able to leverage our
connected store inventory to meet the stronger-than-expected inventory demand online. In recent weeks,
the lockdowns have started to ease, and we expect all doors to be open within the next 10 days, assuming
no further government restrictions.

We feel very good about our future order book where spring and summer order books actualized up high
single digits versus last year and the first indication for pre-fall 2021 are very positive. All these factors
make us have great confidence in our ability to continue to gain market share in Europe.

Lastly, our North American business continued to feel the most pressure relative to our other regions
driven by a combination of the lack of international tourism, increasing resurgence of the virus across the
region and bigger dependency on brick-and-mortar than our other regions. Our teams in North America
are working very hard in navigating through the COVID-related challenges.

While our overall sales in North America declined 38%, digital remained a true highlight with our owned
sites growing over 100% enabled by our site enhancements, inventory investments and logistical
improvements to fuel demand. We had another strong quarter with Amazon, including Calvin and Tommy
posting their highest Prime Day sales ever achieved with a significant increase in new consumers.

At the same time, tourism is currently down 95% and not expected to return in a while, presenting a
significant challenge for our brick-and-mortar business. Losing the tourist business, that's usually 35%,
40% of our total retail business in North America, has put pressure on clearing through inventory, which,
in combination with an unusually early start of the holiday season, led us to be more proactive with driving
early promotions, moving some of them from Q4 to Q3. Our main focus remains to enter spring clean
from an inventory perspective.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

PVH CORP. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 03, 2020

Moving on to our fourth quarter outlook. We have so far performed better than expected over Black Friday
week and Cyber Monday across all channels in North America. While we still have significant amount of
business ahead of us for holiday, we're expecting the current business trend to continue through the final
holiday stretch.

So looking ahead for North America. Having navigated through the most challenging parts of the pandemic
while the lack of tourism by far is the biggest challenge we are facing, it's clear that we have our own
work to do coming out of the pandemic. We will increase our focus on our domestic consumer. We will
continue to take on the significant opportunities to further expand our e-commerce business, both our
owned and operated and third party. And we will also improve how we plan and buy inventory to demand.

As our performance across regions demonstrates, we have taken a very deliberate approach for each
brand to get even closer to the consumer as we continue to enhance our brand relevance and positioning.
I'd like to share a few brief global highlights from the quarter, beginning with Calvin.

We are seeing Calvin Klein continue to register strong 86% global brand awareness with increasing
consumer consideration to purchase across all regions. Our increased focus on creating product
consumers' desire was captured through Calvin Klein's underwear collaboration with Kith, featuring Gigi
Hadid, which sold out 75% of the collection in just 4 days, highlighting incredible results with younger
consumers, both from an engagement and sales perspective, which we will continue to build upon as we
head into 2021.

Lastly, I'm excited to say that we strengthened Calvin's global brand leadership team during the quarter,
announcing our new key hires across design, merchandising and marketing, which will enable the
execution in product and marketing of Calvin's evolved brand vision.

Moving on to Tommy. I'm excited to welcome Avery Baker back to Tommy in a newly established role
of President and Chief Brand Officer with global responsibility for the brand's products, marketing and
experiences. Avery was the driving force behind many of the brand's transformational programs, including
TOMMYNOW, and has experience and real strength in connecting the Tommy DNA to culture and what the
consumer desires today.

Tommy also celebrated its 35 anniversary as an iconic brand with global editorial coverage and a brand
activation on Tmall. And we continue to see improving global awareness, including in key growth markets
like China. The brand also continued to further its sustainability agenda, launching Tommy jeans recycled
denim line for fall 2020.

Finally, to our Heritage business. Our Heritage Brands business continued to be under pressure during
the third quarter as the mid-tier department stores experienced traffic challenges and dress furnishings
categories remains under pressure. We are continuing to actively address the business challenges by
managing inventory levels aggressively, lowering our cost base and reviewing additional ways to optimize
and streamline the business.

Before I hand it over to Mike, I would like to reiterate that the actions we are taking now to successfully
navigate the pandemic and drive an accelerated recovery are also positioning us to win with the consumer
coming into a new normal post-COVID. The proof points that I just shared with you from our strong digital
growth to our increasing brand engagement and enhanced product strategies to our strong performance
internationally demonstrate the global brand power behind Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger and the strong
relationships that we are building with our consumers, particularly the next generation. As we leverage
the power of PVH, focusing in on our core strengths and connecting them to where the consumer is going,
I'm confident that we will drive brand relevance, cost efficiencies and deliver long-term sustainable growth
while driving fashion forward for good. Looking ahead, we are working on our long-term plan for PVH
next chapter of growth and we look forward to sharing more details with you at an Investor Day we are
planning for mid-2021.

And by that, I would like to hand it over to Mike.

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

PVH CORP. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 03, 2020

Thanks, Stefan.

The comments I'm about to make are based on non-GAAP results and are reconciled in our press release.
I'm going to discuss our third quarter 2020 results and move on to the current state of the business and
our fourth quarter expectations.

While our business continued to be negatively impacted compared to last year by COVID-19 pandemic,
our overall results were an improvement compared to the second quarter and exceeded our expectations
driven by strong outperformance in Europe and China.

Overall, our revenue was down 18% as reported and 21% on a constant currency basis from last year.
Tommy Hilfiger revenues were down 12% as reported and 16% on a constant currency basis with
international flat as reported and down 6% on a constant currency basis and North America down
37%. Calvin Klein revenue was down 18% as reported and 21% on a constant currency basis with
international flat as reported and down 4% on a constant currency basis and North America down 39%.
China continued to show positive year-over-year results in both Tommy Hilfiger and Calvin Klein. Our
Heritage revenues were down 36%.

Our third quarter reflected a 22% decline in revenue through our wholesale distribution channel and an
11% decline in revenue from our total direct-to-consumer businesses, including a 70% increase in sales
through our digital commerce business driven by strong growth across all brands and regions. The lack of
international tourist traffic coming to the U.S. continues to challenge our North America brick-and-mortar
retail business.

While we continue to be negatively impacted by the pandemic, our earnings exceeded our expectations
and our earnings per share was $1.32 on a non-GAAP basis for the third quarter. Our gross margin
reflected heavy promotional selling in the U.S. as we advanced markdowns from the fourth quarter into
the third quarter in order to maximize the earlier holiday selling season.

Inventories ended the quarter down 16% from last year. As of the end of fiscal 2020, we are now
projecting to carry approximately $100 million of basic inventory into spring '21, which is a reduction
compared to our prior projection of about $125 million.

Earnings in the third quarter benefited from cost savings resulting from the North America workforce
reduction announced in July 2020 and COVID-related government payroll subsidy programs in
international jurisdictions as well as reductions in all discretionary spending categories. Partially offsetting
these savings were increased ongoing expenses associated with health and safety measures to protect our
associates, customers and business partners. These safety measures are expected to continue.

We ended the quarter with $2.7 billion of liquidity, consisting of approximately $1.5 billion of cash on hand
and over $1.2 billion of available borrowings under our revolving credit facilities.

Moving on to the current state of business and our expectations for the fourth quarter. Overall, for the
fourth quarter to date is running down approximately 20% versus last year. And we currently expect that
revenue for the full fourth quarter will be down approximately 20% versus last year as well.

We continue to see strong growth in our owned and operated digital commerce business and experienced
a strong positive consumer response to Singles' Day promotions and the holiday season kickoff events
globally. Additionally, we see continued overall positive trends in Asia, particularly in China.

However, our retail stores in Europe and North America continue to face significant pressure as a result
of resurgence of COVID-19 cases. Approximately 40% of stores in Europe were closed for the majority of
November. As a result, our fourth quarter to date direct-to-consumer business has declined compared to
the third quarter, running down approximately 25% overall compared to last year.

When we look at the total direct-to-consumer business by region, we are running up low single digits for
total Asia, down high 20s for North America and running down low 30s in Europe, including the impact of
the closed stores I mentioned. As of today, only about 10% of our stores in Europe are still closed. And
within the next 10 days, all of our stores are planned to reopen. We expect the trend in Europe to improve

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

PVH CORP. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 03, 2020

considerably as a result. Also, through November, all of our regions are running ahead of our current
plans.

We expect that our fourth quarter gross margin percentage will be relatively flat compared to last year and
our expenses as a percent of revenue will be in the mid-50s. Overall, for the second half, our gross margin
percentage is in line with our previous expectation. And our expenses as a percentage of revenue have
improved by approximately 250 basis points. We're not in a position to issue a detailed guidance due to
the uncertainty related to the duration and severity of the pandemic.
And with that, operator, we'll open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

PVH CORP. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 03, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Erinn Murphy with Piper Sandler.

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Manny, it really is an end of an era. So wishing you all the best in whatever the next chapter holds for you.
I guess my question...

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Erinn.

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

You're welcome. I guess my question, first, is just on your own digital margins. Manny, you spoke to
in your prepared remarks that it's now in line with overall margins. Can you just speak to some of the
changes that you've made to see that materialize? And then where should digital margins go over time?

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

Yes. Erinn, it's Mike. I'll take it. I am -- look, I think one of the benefits we've seen this year has been the
scaling of the business. So in each region, we've seen increasing gains on the top line and we've gotten
significant benefit to leverage in the expenses. We have done deep dives. We've reviewed expenses in
every region. We looked at how we ship, how we manage, what we do for shipping. And our teams are
getting a cadence and rhythm around the business, which they didn't have before. So it's all those things
put together. It's truly detailed work, it's truly getting the benefit of that scaling of the business.

As we look forward, the business in terms of digital is -- overall, across our regions, is now approaching
the profitability level of our brick-and-mortar business. So we're really happy with the way that business is
evolving. And where we felt pressure in North America, we're now seeing significant improvement there on
the bottom line. And just a reminder that Europe and Asia are -- and have been profitable businesses for
us and continue to just be very profitable for us.

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Got it. Okay. And then I guess my second question is really just on your comments, I guess maybe more
for Stefan or Manny to tag team. You talk about supercharging e-commerce, and that was definitely a
thread throughout the comments this morning. There's also been a lack of tourism here domestically. So
I'm curious how you're thinking about reevaluating your store fleet, particularly in the domestic market.
But if you had any comments on Europe as well, that would be most helpful.

Stefan Larsson
President

Thank you, Erinn. It's Stefan. As you mentioned correctly, we have been very successful in pivoting
towards e-commerce. And then parallel to that, we're working on rightsizing the brick-and-mortar fleet
to match where the consumer is going. It's an extreme case now given that we are in the middle of the
pandemic. So we are tracking where we are going right now and optimizing what we can here and now.
And then we are following where the consumer is going coming out of the new normal. But it's going to
be an important work for us to make sure that we rightsize the brick-and-mortar portfolio, North America,
Asia, Europe.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

PVH CORP. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 03, 2020

What we do see, though, in this quarter, which is very exciting in both Asia and Europe, is when we
execute really well, cross-channel, the consumer shops cross-channel. So during the Tmall activation
where we drove a 50% comp, we were also, at the same time, able to drive sales in the stores. And the
same in Europe that when we see pivoting -- an extreme pivoting to 40% of the stores closed, we are able
to connect to use our connected inventory. So we see a future where the consumer continue to shift more
and more into digital but very much an omnichannel consumer.

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

And Erinn, it's Mike. I would just add, in North America, just a reminder, our leases tend to be relatively
short and average 3 years with lesser-performing stores being less than that. So we do have some
significant flexibility.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Manny, I have to say, look, it's been a real honor and pleasure. I think you talked about a 15-year career
just as CEO. But you go back to your CFO days and how far it's come and where we've been together,
and we're going to miss you. Congratulations. You've been an amazing leader over the last 20-plus years.
Stefan, you've got some big shoes to fill. I wish you luck.

Stefan Larsson
President

Thank you, Bob. I agree with you.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

So Manny, the first question that I do have is for you. In your agreement as Chairman, have you arranged
like an exclusivity with Jim Cramer and Mad Money to be the guest for PVH on going on the quarter?

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

No. No. But I think -- maybe I'll be a guest to talk about retail in general, but not PVH specifically. I'll
leave that to Stefan, Dana, Mike and the team. But thanks for the kind words, Bob, that's very nice of you.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And I guess the second question then is, can you guys talk about -- I think you talked about the
improvement in the European order book. I'm just wondering if you can elaborate a little bit with the
business trends to date. With the store closures, how much the store closures have impacted the fourth
quarter, how it should shift when they reopen. And then just real curious on the order book over the next
few quarters. I think spring definitely firmed up from the last time you talked about it, some comments
on summer and fall. If you could just talk to how the retailers are planning and/or envisioning the coming
quarters as things hopefully come back to some sort of normalization.

Stefan Larsson
President

Yes. Bob, it's Stefan. I'll start and then hand it over to Mike. So we experienced very strong performance,
strong market share gains in Q3 until the temporary store closures hit. So Mike can give you more of the
details of those trends.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

PVH CORP. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 03, 2020

But then when we look at the order books, what's exciting to us is that they are very strong and they kept
strong throughout the resurgence. And it keeps coming back to our team is very, very good at executing
in terms of brand relevance, product strength, working, driving their owned and operated e-commerce,
their own stores and also strong partnerships with third players and other wholesale partners.

So very strong trends and then disrupted by 40% of the stores being closed and then very strong
indications on the order books. But Mike, I'll leave it for you to provide some additional detail.

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

Yes. Sure. So I guess, Bob, just some color around the -- again, the third quarter, these stores were all
plus. We were running up 7% for all of Europe. Even with 40% of the stores closed, we were down 30%.
So what we actually have seen is the stores that were remaining open were actually running plus comps
and the stores that are opening are opening strong. I actually think there's pent-up demand, and we may
get some of the business back from the closures. So that would be the hope.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Binetti with Crédit Suisse.

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Let me -- Manny, let me, first of all, thank you so much for the dialogue all these years also. It's been a
pleasure and obviously, wish you the best in the next chapter. And Stefan, cannot wait to pick it up with
you here as you start the next adventure in your career. This will be very fun, very excited to work with
you.

I just want to ask you quickly on the -- I don't know, Manny or Stefan, who wants to jump on this. But
with the revenues down today and 20% and the D2C down 25%, but 40% of the stores in Europe closed
and now reopening. Is there a piece of the business that you expect to slow from here that hold you at
negative 20% revenues in the fourth quarter, if Europe stores are going to be opening and the contribution
should be improving? I'm just curious what you're thinking about or if it's just conservatism. And I had a
follow-up.

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

I'll start and then let Stefan chip in. I guess from my perspective, it's just an incredibly uncertain time. So
we had stores that were closed. We've obviously seen most of those stores open and hope balance -- and
are planning the balance open over the next 10 days. We've seen resurgence in the U.S., pretty much no
closures or very, very few. So it's just uncertainty in the business. While we are outperforming our plans to
date, we were just prudent in how we project it.

Stefan Larsson
President

I agree with Mike. It's -- looking at Europe as an example, we were on fire. And then within a few weeks,
40% of the stores were closed down. And now within a few weeks later, we are fully open again. So the
underlying trends are very strong in both Europe and Asia.

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

That seems pretty easy to navigate, Stefan. I don't know what the uncertainty is. I'm just kidding. Can
you help me -- can you help us understand a few of the pieces of the puts and takes on the gross margin
in the third quarter? Any numbers you could give us to understand the 260 basis points of pressure in the
quarter? I am most curious about how the pull-forward of markdowns as you saw the incremental store
closures coming and you said you moved some markdowns in the third quarter. Any number you could

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

PVH CORP. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 03, 2020

help on that would be helpful. I think that's the most important thing to understand. And then any of the
other relative buckets, if you just mind rank ordering them for us as far as what the pressures were.

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

Yes. So look, I think it's -- it really was driven by North America. We have work to do here, and we were
promotional on the business. So we got -- we advanced markdowns. We were -- saw this holiday season
being earlier. It clearly paid off. We were able to deliver an increase to the year in terms of profit. We
remain consistent in our gross margin plan, as we reported from last quarter to this quarter.

So I think we're feeling good about the business. We're feeling good about the decision we made, and we
think we got rewarded for doing it. So that was really what the change was.

Operator

Our next question comes from Dana Telsey with TAG Advisors.

Dana Lauren Telsey
Telsey Advisory Group LLC

Manny, congratulations on a wonderful career and have a wonderful next chapter and hopefully, we can all
still stay connected.

Stefan, as you think about the business and, as Erinn mentioned, supercharging e-commerce, with each
of the brands of Tommy and Calvin and your motto of that sustainable repeatable process, how do you see
that for each of those brands and continuing to capture the younger consumer on a fashion-forward basis?

And then, Mike, just on the inventory levels, how are you thinking about them ending the fourth quarter
going into '21?

Stefan Larsson
President

Yes. Thank you, Dana. And it's an important question. And this year, coming back to -- it's a pandemic
year. So -- but what's exciting is that our pivot to e-commerce following the consumer has really worked.
So in 1 year, we have grown penetration from roughly 10% to over 20%. So can the growth rate
continues this way? Probably not when the stores -- but it's the long-term growth potential coming back
to systematic, repeatable value creation in e-commerce. Is it beyond 20% in penetration? Absolutely. And
I have the benefit of spending a year next to Manny and really learning in depth and looking at our core
strength. And I see very big opportunities over the long term to continue to grow in e-commerce.

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

Right. And Dana, on inventories, I -- we called it out in the release. The third quarter, we were down 16%.
And that includes the $100 million of carryover product that we've now chosen to pull into next year, basic
product, no liability.

As we look at the fourth quarter, the year-end, I think what we'll see is inventory reduction, call it, mid-
single digits. And then that carryover inventory is worth about 6% or 7%. So something in the low teens
in terms of a reduction, excluding that $100 million of carryover.

Our inventories are very clean. Obviously, with the beat we had on the top line in the third quarter and the
way the business is trending ahead of our plans, we're in very good inventory shape at the moment.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jay Sole with UBS.

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

PVH CORP. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 03, 2020

So my question is about what percent of the business do you think has been impacted by COVID in terms
of the category? So if you think about fragrance or women's dresses or bottoms or some of the things that
maybe consumers are shifting away from just in the stay-at-home environment, can you give us an idea
of what's been impacted and sort of with an eye towards next year and those businesses probably coming
back as things get back to normal?

Stefan Larsson
President

Before I hand it over to Mike, who might have more facts or details behind it, I mean the biggest change
is the formal wear to casual. The COVID and having everybody work from home around the whole world is
a big move to casualization. That's the biggest trend change we see.

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

Yes. And that's exactly where I am. I think it's clearly going to be -- we're going to be chasing inventories.
We don't know when this ends, so we'll play it cautious. We'll be buying more of the casual product,
less of the dress-up product. And I think we're moving as quickly as we can into the categories that are
outperforming.

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Got it. And maybe one more. I think you mentioned that you expect current business trends to continue
in North America, if I heard that right. How did you see the business trend as you went from September,
October into November? And sort of what does that imply about where the current business stands today?

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

So right now, in North America, running down in the high 20s, which is ahead of our plan. And if you think
about it, the beginning of this Black Friday season is where I think we stood to have the most risk in the
business, the capacity issues, the stores not opening for the post-Thanksgiving period but opening the
Friday instead. So I think a lot of that risk is behind us there. So that's where we are today.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jamie Merriman with Bernstein.

Jamie Susan Merriman
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Stefan and Manny, I wonder, as you talk about some of these omnichannel initiatives, can you just give us
a sense of where you are in terms of those capabilities? What you would still like to do on that front that
could potentially be another driver of that customer acquisition? And then to what extent are you working
with some of your e-commerce partners, whether it's the platforms like an Amazon or Zalando or some of
your larger brick-and-mortar partners, to have a more integrated inventory position like you've worked on
with your owned channels?

Stefan Larsson
President

Thank you, Jamie. It's a continuous work to follow the consumer. And the consumer shops our owned
and operated site. As you could see, we drove a 70% growth. And then they shop increasingly with the
big platforms as well. So our partnership with Amazon, Zalando, Tmall is very, very close and also with
the traditional department stores and their e-commerce platform capabilities. So we see the consumer
increasingly shopping and browsing through the branded site, our owned and operated and third party. So
that's the work that we will continue to do.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

PVH CORP. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 03, 2020

We saw it pay off Tmall -- the collaboration with Tmall that we really double down on a year ago roughly
and we planned into this Singles' Day event, which is now 2, 3 weeks, and we planned in and came
together with them and really won with the consumer. And then when it comes to Zalando, we are -- have
very strong partnership with them and also connect our inventory in store.

So we were able to pivot. When the stores were closed, we were still driving significant sales through
fulfilling online. So this is continuous work. And we have some ship-from-store capabilities that we were
able to standoff within just a few months coming into the crisis. We -- it's a continuous work, but those
are just a few examples of what we are doing and what we will continue to do. And the most exciting with
that is that it resonates with the consumer.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley.

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Stefan, I heard you say that this year, your digital penetration is going to run over 20%. I think that's
owned and partner digital. Could you just remind us within that, what piece is the owned piece of digital
commerce?

And then I was looking at your international business. Both Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger performed
fairly consistently in aggregate internationally. I'm wondering if you look at each geography, Europe and
Asia, are they performing similarly as well within those geographies?

And then, Mike, any sort of color you might have on Q4 gross margin and how we ought to think about
that?

Stefan Larsson
President

Yes. So let me start with the tail end of your questions. One, when it comes to our brands and the
geographical performance, so where we see strength in both Europe and Asia, predominantly in -- driven
by China in Asia, we see strength in both grounds. And Mike?

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

In terms of the percentage, our owned business is about 10% of the total business this year. And it is the
fastest-growing piece of the business. And it's over double the size from the prior year.

I believe you had a gross margin question on the fourth quarter. When you think about the fourth quarter,
I -- we are right now planning the gross margin basically flat to the prior year for the overall company.
And if the trends continue, there is an opportunity there to outperform.

Operator

Our next question comes from Heather Balsky with Bank of America.

Heather Nicole Balsky
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Stefan, a question for you. As you step into your role as the new CEO, what are you most excited about?
And what do you view as the biggest opportunities for PVH?

Stefan Larsson
President

So thank you, Heather. What I'm most excited about is by far -- again, coming back to the I've had the
opportunity to work a year next to Manny is the strength of -- the many strengths that we have and
the strength of our brands, the strength of our global brands, the strength of our global capabilities, the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

PVH CORP. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 03, 2020

strength in Europe and Asia and the opportunity to continue to grow with -- where the consumer is going.
So that -- what excites me the most is the opportunity to take the strength we have, really zoom into the
core strengths and connect them closer to where the consumers go. And then underlying all that is the
strength of our people.

So connecting to where Manny has always been consistent in speaking about our biggest strengths being
our people, our team and our brands. It's the combination of those 2.

Operator

We'll take our last question from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Stefan, you mentioned one of the company's key priorities is further improvement in the product offering
and increased relevance. Maybe could you just elaborate on the opportunity you see to improve the
product and the assortment across both Calvin and Tommy multiyear?

Stefan Larsson
President

Yes. So high level, we live in the most disruptive time of our industry that at least I've seen, and I've been
around for over 20 years. And the consumer has more choice than any time before. So the strength of
having iconic brands with global brand awareness, it's a tremendous asset. And then that strength, what
our job is on the execution side is to take the brand awareness and the brand love and execute relevance
in products.

So being very focused on the core essentials, and we call it the Hero products. That the products that
really makes a difference that sets us apart versus the sea of generic products that are out there in the
market, that's what we are going after.

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. And then maybe just as a follow-up. As you dug into the cost structure of the organization,
where do you see opportunity for continued cost efficiencies? And any material investments that you see
necessary to drive the next chapter of growth as you take the helm?

Stefan Larsson
President

As we mentioned, we -- the consumer has shifted more in the last 12 months than in the previous 4,
5 years. So when it comes to the cost side, we have to make sure that we run leaner and more data-
driven and with more speed than any time before. So there -- when I look at cost and investments going
forward, the first priority is to connect the investments and the cost to what really drives winning with the
consumer and then continuously drive efficiencies.

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. Best of luck. And congrats on a great run, Manny.

Emanuel Chirico
Chairman & CEO

Thank you. Listen, that closes the third quarter earnings conference call. I want to thank everyone for
joining us.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

PVH CORP. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 03, 2020

I'd like to take a moment to thank the analyst community that's followed us over the years. We personally
thank you for the time you've spent to understand PVH's business model and the time you've taken to
really work with us to get that message out to our shareholders.

We wish everyone a safe and healthy holiday season. Christmas, Hannukah coming up, enjoy it with your
families. And wishing you all the best for a happy, healthy and prosperous New Year. So have a great day,
everyone. Thank you.

Operator
And that does conclude today's presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

PVH CORP. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  DEC 03, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

