PVH Corp. NYSE:PVH
FQ2 2022 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, September 01, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2022-

-FQ3 2022-

-FY 2022-

-FY 2023-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

1.20

2.72

126.67

2.07

7.43

8.50

8.84

Revenue  (mm)

2142.01

2313.20

7.99

2396.42

9105.37

-

9460.83

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Sep-01-2021 11:35 AM GMT

FQ3 2021

FQ4 2021

FQ1 2022

FQ2 2022

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.24

(0.34)

0.83

1.20

1.32

(0.38)

1.92

2.72

SURPRISE

450.00 %

NM

131.33 %

126.67 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
PVH CORP. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Dana M. Perlman
Chief Strategy Officer & Treasurer

James W. Holmes
Senior VP & Corporate Controller

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating
& Financial Officer

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Brooke Siler Roach
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Dana Lauren Telsey
Telsey Advisory Group LLC

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Lorraine Corrine Maikis
Hutchinson
BofA Securities, Research Division

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

PVH CORP. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the PVH Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Today's call is being
recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Dana Perlman. Please go ahead, ma'am.

Dana M. Perlman
Chief Strategy Officer & Treasurer

Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the PVH Corp. Second Quarter 2021
Earnings Conference Call. This webcast and conference call is being recorded on behalf of PVH and
consists of copyrighted material. It may not be recorded, rebroadcast or otherwise transmitted without
PVH's written permission. Your participation in the question-and-answer session constitutes your consent
to having anything you say appear on any transcript or replay of this call.

The information to be discussed includes forward-looking statements that reflect PVH's view as of
August 31, 2021, of future events and financial performance. These statements are subject to risks and
uncertainties indicated in the company's SEC filings and the safe harbor statement included in the press
release that is the subject of this call. These risks and uncertainties include PVH's right to change its
strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions and its need to use significant cash flow to service its
debt obligations.

Significantly, at this time, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to have a significant impact on the
company's business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. There is significant
uncertainty about the duration and extent of the impact of the pandemic. The dynamic nature of these
circumstances means what is said on this call could change materially at any time. Therefore, the
operation of the company's business and its future results of operations could differ materially from
historical practices and results or current descriptions, estimates and suggestions. PVH does not undertake
any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, including, without limitation, any
estimates or suggestions regarding revenue or earnings.

Generally, the financial information and projections to be discussed will be on a non-GAAP basis as defined
under SEC rules. Reconciliations to GAAP amounts are included in PVH's second quarter 2021 earnings
release, which can be found on www.pvh.com and in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished
to the SEC in connection with the release.

At this time, I'm pleased to turn the conference over to Mr. Stefan Larsson, CEO of PVH.

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Good morning and thank you for joining. With me on the call today are Mike Shaffer, COO and CFO; Dana
Perlman, EVP, Chief Strategy Officer and Treasurer; and Jim Holmes, our Corporate Controller, who we
announced will be interim CFO effective September 10.

Let me start by sharing that we delivered a very strong second quarter performance and significantly
outperformed our plans from a revenue, EBIT margin and EPS perspective, all despite the ongoing
challenges from COVID. We're also taking up our guidance for the year. I would like to thank our
associates around the world for their hard work and critical contributions to the great second quarter and
very strong first half of the year.

Our results in the quarter included strong double-digit revenue growth against last year, which was
relatively in line with prepandemic levels, and this was led by our international business, specifically
Europe. Our performance was underpinned by meaningful gross margin expansion and operating expense
efficiencies, which drove significant EBIT margin expansion of several hundred basis points compared to
2019.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

PVH CORP. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

For several quarters now, we have shown great progress in driving an accelerated recovery through the
disciplined execution against our strategic priorities. These include increasing our focus on our 2 iconic
global power brands, Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger, building on the strength in international, delivering
on product strength, pricing power and gross margin expansion while winning in the marketplace through
supercharged e-commerce growth and, at the same time, driving operating efficiencies.

Looking ahead, our strong performance in the quarter, combined with the strength of the underlying
growth drivers in our business, has led us to increase our top and bottom line full year guidance. Our
EBIT margin guidance now assumes a return to a margin similar to our 2019 levels. We are confident in
our ability to continue to drive an accelerated recovery while also prudently planning our business for the
remainder of the year as we navigate pandemic-related uncertainties, including market and supply chain
disruptions.

I will now share some of the key proof points on how we are executing our accelerated recovery priorities.
Mike will then share more of the financial details.

First, we have continued to supercharge e-commerce with digital revenue growing approximately 35% in
the quarter, a strong result, particularly when compared to our outside growth last year when stores were
closed or under restrictions, which are now open. Importantly, our digital penetration remained consistent
at 25%, which is double prepandemic levels. We continue to ramp up investment in digital, while at the
same time, growth in our brick-and-mortar retail stores is accelerating, demonstrating our increasing
strength in connecting with the consumer across channels.

Next, we are driving product strengths across our brands and regions. The trends we saw last quarter
have continued, with consumers excited to come out of COVID restrictions and adopting a hybrid lifestyle
towards an increasing mix of wearing occasions. This is still very much grounded in a casual lifestyle that
fits both Calvin and Tommy really well. In the quarter, we saw continued strength in key essential product
categories like underwear, T-shirts, polos, hoodies, active, sneakers and a rising demand for denim and
categories like dresses. We continue to lean into the strength of our key essentials and hero products,
which represent a must-have product silhouette in key product categories. Through this work, we saw
an improvement in AURs during the quarter, including double-digit increases in some of our biggest
investments.

We also continue to cut more unproductive SKUs, including a 20% cut on average for fall 2021. Through
this work and by taking a more data- and demand-driven approach, we are driving revenue growth with
AUR increases and gross margin expansion.

Overall, our inventory levels across the board are in a very good shape, down 13% versus last year. And
as we further improve the way we plan and buy our inventory, we will be able to read and react more
quickly to demand. In addition, we continue to invest in our key strategic focus areas. And at the same
time, we continue to drive efficiencies across our business as part of our work to operate with more speed,
more agility to better follow the consumer in this dynamic environment.

Lastly, we successfully sold our Heritage Brands as planned. This has already enabled an increased focus
on Calvin and Tommy, which are higher-return businesses with global growth potential.

So turning to our regional update. While each of our regions is in varying stages of recovery, we drove
performance significantly above plan for both revenue and profitability. Let me start with Europe this
time. Our European team delivered another quarter of exceptional performance through very strong
execution of our accelerated recovery priorities. Both Tommy and Calvin performed significantly above
plan, including double-digit growth versus prepandemic levels.

The strength in our Europe business is a very good example of the kind of performance we're able to
drive when we execute really well. And it offers a proof point and a blueprint for what's possible in our
other regions as well. Across both brands, we are winning with the consumer, driving brand relevance
through leaning into the strength of our hero products, and we continue to supercharge our digital and our
omnichannel capabilities.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

PVH CORP. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

Building on our success in the first quarter, as lockdowns were lifted, we saw great demand for our
product, both in our own channels as well as in wholesale. We delivered strong revenue trends supported
by significant margin expansion, which included gross margins above 2019 levels, driven by pricing power,
lower promotions and higher retail productivity. We also continued to drive operating expense efficiency.

We generated strong digital sales growth of 45%, even against the backdrop of stores reopening,
driven by our expanded business with digital pure players. Europe represents our highest e-commerce
penetration, well above the company's overall rate of 25%. In our D2C channel, we continued to
accelerate our omnichannel capabilities by investing in connected retail technologies.

Paired with the e-commerce performance, we generated very strong retail store sales, with traffic levels
sequentially improving versus 2019 as stores reopened. Highlighting the strength of our product in the
marketplace, we drove higher conversion, stronger full price sell-throughs and higher AURs. In addition,
the strong consumer demand drove significant core replenishment. And as spring and summer products
sold through much faster than expected, we transitioned earlier to pre-fall collections. Demand in our
future order books across both brands continued to be very strong, with spring 2022 planned up double
digits, following double-digit growth for fall holiday 2021.

Moving on to Asia. Our Asia team continues to execute really well, although COVID resurgences across the
region, in markets such as Japan, Korea and, most recently, Australia, are making it difficult to see the
real underlying strength on how we are improving our execution in the markets. Overall, revenues were
relatively in line with prepandemic levels and our plans, led by China.

Despite the current COVID-related challenges, what excites me the most is the strength we are seeing
against our strategic focus areas as we continue to drive increased product strength, pricing power,
inventory efficiencies from better inventory management and higher gross margins, all driven by the same
hero product focus.

China remains a significant growth opportunity for both Tommy and Calvin. As we continue to invest in the
market, we are driving brand heat and relevance through our integrated marketing and capsules around
key shopping moments, including 6/18 this quarter and, most recently, Chinese Valentine's Day. We are
creating unique content and activations to win with the consumer in these key moments.

We have also leaned into our most successful hero products, which are delivering strong KPIs, including
higher conversion, higher sell-throughs and higher AURs, and continue to drive comparable store sales
increases in retail stores. And as with supercharged e-commerce, we are leveraging data analytics and
utilizing new tools and channels to drive performance. We are focused on developing new creative ways to
engage with consumers, including expanding our work with WeChat.

Lastly, inventory levels continue to be very lean as we continue to focus on buying closer to demand.
Overall, while we are still navigating COVID challenges, like others in the region, we remain confident
about the long-term strength and growth opportunities for both of our core brands.

Turning to North America. The region is still under the most pressure, with the lack of tourism remaining
our biggest challenge. Tourism continues to trend down significantly versus 2019 levels, which in a normal
year, made up 30% to 40% of our total business in the region. Our North American teams are leaning
into what's within our control, focusing on the domestic consumer, supercharging e-commerce and driving
product strength with AUR and margin improvements. And I'm pleased that we saw a number of green
shoots during the quarter.

Importantly, we drove sequential improvements in top and bottom line performance across brands and
channels. Some of the proof points of our progress this past quarter include: we drove double-digit
growth in our digital business, led by a combination of continuously improving our owned and operated e-
commerce sites and strong partnerships with our key wholesale partners, including pure players.

In stores, with the domestic consumer, we saw improved traffic with higher AURs. We're also better
optimizing inventory across our channels and improving our ability to react to demand changes. For
example, in Canada, where the country's reopening has been slower than other markets, we proactively
redirected inventory to the U.S.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

PVH CORP. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

Overall, in North America, we have a lot of work still to do, and we are focused on building the business
for long-term growth. This work is focused on the same key value drivers that enable our international
businesses to perform so strongly to continuously drive brand relevance through product strength, pricing
power and winning across channels, digitally-led.

Next, I'll share a few brief global brand highlights, beginning with Calvin Klein. Global brand health
remains very strong with consistent high levels of global awareness. Our Pride campaign this year was
successful in further building brand awareness. The campaign celebrated defining moments, connecting
to global LGBTQIA+ communities with a diverse international cast. It resulted in global reach that was up
over 30% on last year. It drove a 300% increase in traffic to our site and delivered strong product sell-
through and driven by hero underwear products with limited edition Pride colorways.

In the spring, we launched the brand's first designer collaboration with Heron Preston, which has been
very well received by the consumer. This quarter, we will release a second chapter of this collaboration
across denim, underwear and other wardrobe essentials.

Looking ahead, we will continue to build out our collaboration strategy, connecting the iconic strength of
Calvin Klein with creators and brands from around the world to express their unique perspective of the
brand. This includes the second installment of our underwear collaboration with premium retailer, Kith,
which taps into the power of Calvin with a Gen Z audience.

Moving on to Tommy Hilfiger. Global brand health KPIs for Tommy also remained very strong. The
expansion of our purpose-oriented product offer continues to resonate with consumers, with more than
50% of the global summer pre-fall collection being sustainable. As we focus on TOMMY JEANS' growth
potential with younger consumers, we continue to drive brand heat through successful capsules from our
Blast From The Past capsule, inspired by pop culture cartoon icons, to our pastels capsule, which drove
very strong engagement and sell-throughs. The brand also launched collaborations that amplified our
efforts to increase opportunities and visibility for underrepresented communities within the fashion and
apparel industries.

In July, we launched the first collaboration with a nongendered capsule featuring Indya Moore. The brand
also launched a capsule with emerging Brooklyn designer, Romeo Hunte, following his mentorship with
Mr. Hilfiger. The capsule reimagines iconic Tommy pieces with a focus on outerwear and is available
on tommy.com as well as through an exclusive partnership with Selfridges. These collaborations have
increased traffic to our sites in the U.S. and Europe, with more than 40% driven by new consumers and
with significantly higher average retail prices.

In closing, I feel very good about how we came together and drove yet another strong quarter of
accelerated recovery. Our increased focus on winning with the consumer through our 2 global power
brands, Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger, is driving results. We're still early days in building our next
growth chapter. And I continue to be very optimistic for the future as we lean further into our accelerated
recovery priorities, leveraging our core strength and continuously following the consumer to position PVH
for sustainable long-term profitable growth.

And before I hand it over to Mike, since this is Mike's last earnings call, I would like to thank him again
for his contributions of nearly 30 years to PVH. We are grateful for his guidance and leadership over the
years. I'm also pleased to introduce Jim Holmes as our interim CFO. Jim has been with PVH for over 20
years and has played a critical role on our finance team, working very closely with Mike to build our strong
financial foundation.

So with that, I would like to hand it over to Mike.

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

Thanks, Stefan. The comments I'm about to make are based on non-GAAP results and are reconciled in
our press release. Overall, revenues for the second quarter were up 46% as reported and up 40% on a
constant currency basis compared to the prior year and significantly exceeded our prior revenue guidance.
Our international businesses significantly exceeded 2019 prepandemic levels driven by Europe. When we

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

PVH CORP. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

compare 2021 second quarter results to the previous year, it's important to remember that during the
second quarter of 2020, virtually all of our retail stores and the majority of our wholesale customer stores
were closed globally during the first month of the quarter and were operating at a significantly reduced
capacity for the remainder of the quarter as a result of the pandemic.

Our total direct-to-consumer business was up 19% versus the prior year, and owned and operated
digital commerce was flat despite exceptionally strong growth in the prior year and significant traffic
improvement in brick-and-mortar this year as stores have reopened and capacity restrictions have
lessened.

Our retail stores face some continued pressure during the second quarter, although to a much lesser
extent than in the previous year, with certain stores temporarily closed in Europe, Australia and Japan
for various periods of time. Our wholesale revenues were up 77% versus the prior year driven by strong
performance in Europe. In addition, we experienced a significant increase in sales to the digital businesses
of our traditional and pure-play wholesale customers.

Our overall revenue through our digital channels grew approximately 35% versus the prior year. And our
digital penetration as a percentage of total revenue continues to be approximately 25%, even as stores
have reopened.

Looking at our segments. Tommy Hilfiger revenues were up 41% as reported and 35% on a constant
currency basis, with international up 40% as reported and 32% on a constant currency basis. North
America was up 45%. Calvin Klein revenue was up 56% as reported and 50% on a constant currency
basis, with international up 47% as reported and 37% on a constant currency basis. North America was up
75%. Our Heritage revenues were up 37%.

Gross margin was 57.7% for the quarter as compared to 55.9% in the prior year, which reflected
substantial improvements across all regions due to less promotional selling. Our inventory is lean, down
13% as of the end of the quarter compared to the prior year. Earnings per share was $2.72 on a non-
GAAP basis for the second quarter of 2021 compared to $0.13 in the prior year period and $2.10 in 2019.
This beat the top end of our previous guidance by $1.54. The beat was primarily due to the business
outperformance largely in Europe for $1.19 as well as a favorable impact of taxes for $0.35, of which
$0.25 is timing. Notably, our EBIT margin continued to be very strong at 12.7% for the quarter, driven by
continued strength in our international business.

Moving on to our outlook. We are providing our 2021 outlook despite the significant uncertainty due to
the pandemic, and as such, it could be subject to material change. Our outlook does not contemplate any
significant new store closures, new lockdowns or extensions of current lockdowns beyond what is already
known. In addition, the 2021 outlook contemplates higher freight and other logistic costs in the second
half of the year to mitigate delays of approximately 4 to 6 weeks on average for certain inventory orders,
but does not contemplate any greater supply chain disruptions beyond that. Our actual 2021 results
could differ materially from our current outlook as a result of the occurrence of any of these or any other
uncontemplated events.

We continue to be encouraged by our international businesses, which are expected to continue to exceed
prepandemic levels through the remainder of 2021. We expect North America to continue to face the
ongoing challenge of reduced international tourism, which is the source of a significant amount of revenue
and not expected to return to prepandemic levels within the year. Additionally, our full year outlook
includes the sale of certain of our Heritage Brands, which will result in a decrease in revenue of 2% versus
2020 and have a slightly dilutive impact on earnings.

For the full year, we are projecting revenue to grow approximately 26% to 28% as reported and
approximately 24% to 26% on a constant currency basis compared to 2020. We expect gross margin
will continue to show improvements for the remainder of the year due to less promotional selling and
a favorable shift in regional sales mix compared to the prior year, with our higher-margin international
businesses making up a larger portion of total revenue.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

PVH CORP. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

While we continue to manage our cost structure proactively by reducing operating expenses and
reallocating resources to support strategic growth areas of the business, we expect higher expenses in the
second half of the year than the first half. The incremental expenses in the second half include increases in
marketing and other investments, which were planned in the second half of the year to coincide with when
we expected our stores to be mostly open and to drive momentum as we hopefully exit the pandemic.

We expect our EBIT margin will be nearly flat to our 2019 prepandemic level. We continue to expect that
the increase in gross margin in 2021 versus 2020 and the decrease in operating expenses as a percentage
of revenue in 2021 versus 2020 will be relatively similar in magnitude. However, as compared to the first
half of 2021, our EBIT margin in the second half will be impacted by the incremental expenses I noted
previously as well as freight costs for approximately $0.35 to mitigate supply chain delays.

We expect our interest expense to decrease in 2021 to approximately $105 million compared to $116
million in 2020. We have made $200 million of voluntary debt repayments in the second quarter, bringing
our total for the first half of the year to $700 million, which is equivalent to the incremental borrowings we
took on in 2020 to manage through the pandemic.

Our tax rate for the year is estimated at 17% to 18%, with the favorable impact we benefited from in the
second quarter largely offset in the second half due to time. As a reminder, when we think about our tax
rate by quarter, the fourth quarter is expected to benefit from certain discrete items, which bring down the
overall rate for the full year.

For the full year in 2021, we are projecting non-GAAP earnings per share to be approximately $8.50,
which is an increase compared to our previous guidance of approximately $6.50 and compared to a loss
per share of $1.97 in 2020. The beat was primarily due to business outperformance, largely in Europe for
$1.85, along with an improvement in taxes of $0.10 and an improvement of $0.05 from reduced interest
expense.

For the third quarter, our revenue is projected to increase 11% to 13%, both as reported and on a
constant currency basis. Third quarter non-GAAP earnings per share is expected to be in the range of
$1.95 to $2 compared to $1.32 in the prior year period. We expect interest expense to be about $25
million and taxes to be in the range of 26% to 28% in the third quarter.

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director
And with that, we'll open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

PVH CORP. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Erinn Murphy with Piper Sandler.

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Congratulations on the second quarter. My question, Stefan, is for you. The second quarter operating
margins, just record level. Would love to hear a little bit more about the cost discipline that you're seeing
in the business across the different work streams. And then I recognize in the back half, you spoke to
added freight and marketing. But if sales were to come in ahead of plan, could you just talk about your
philosophy around flowing through the upside versus reinvesting?

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Yes. So thank you, Erinn. So we -- when we look at the Q2 performance from an EBIT perspective and an
EBIT margin perspective, we see the upside coming from a combination of the gross margin rate going up
because of our -- mainly driven by our key product focus, our hero product focus, and that we are able to
sell-through our products at a higher AUR.

And we see that continue. This is a multiyear journey where we drive brand relevance through focusing
on winning with product and being very focused on the key categories that matters the most to the
consumers.

And then we build hero products around that. And then we connect those hero products with the
consumers increasingly tighter and tighter to where the consumers want to shop channel-wise. And that's
where we have doubled down on e-commerce. So we see that continue.

On an operating efficiency perspective, that's the other driver of the EBIT rate improvement in Q2. We
see that it's coming from being increasingly focused on investing in the accelerated recovery priorities
and looking at efficiencies that we can free up that's outside of that. So you will see us continue to drive
gross margin rate improvements over time, and you will see us continue to drive operating efficiencies
over time.

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Great. And then I guess relatedly, if we zoom out and look at 2022, it sounds like you already have some
good visibility on European order books up double digits. I know there are several puts and takes with
just lapping stimulus as well as supply chain that could linger. But how are you thinking big picture about
'22, just given those comments on gross margin as well as your operating efficiencies that you expect to
continue?

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Yes. Erinn, we continue to lean into our accelerated recovery priorities and seeing the effect this year of
that and continue to see effect when we lean into -- the first one being supercharging e-commerce. And
that's -- when the markets open up, that increasingly includes the comeback of brick-and-mortar. So it's
about continuing to supercharge e-commerce for 2022 to win in the marketplace across channels but
being digitally led and then continue to drive product strength and continue to drive efficiencies.

James W. Holmes
Senior VP & Corporate Controller

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

PVH CORP. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

Yes. And Erinn, this is Jim. I would just add, as implied by our guidance for '21, we're pretty much in
line -- our operating margins are in line with 2019 prepandemic levels. So we're obviously pleased with
the trajectory that we're on. But as we look to next year, we're really in the early stages of our planning
process. So it's premature to provide more details on that at this time.

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Great. And Mike, all the best.

Operator

We will take our next question from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Mike, it's interesting to see you did all the script, but Jim answering all the questions. It's definitely a new
era for us here, but he's got the heavy lifting now. Jim, I just had a question for you, and then I have a
follow-up for Stefan. But Jim, can you talk a little bit on inventory levels? Inventory levels were down at
the end of Q2. How you're thinking about inventory in Q3 and Q4, sort of how you're planning it in terms
of deliveries and your ability to actually get the receipts and everything from that perspective, that would
be helpful.

James W. Holmes
Senior VP & Corporate Controller

Sure, Bob. A couple of things to point out. First is the exit of our Heritage business is having a benefit on
the inventory line. One from exiting the Heritage retail business, but also just the way the held for sale
accounting works. We closed on selling our Heritage wholesale business. So those inventories at the end of
Q2 are not on the inventory lines. We have a benefit from that.

But apart from that, our current inventory levels are lean. As Stefan mentioned, partly our disciplined
inventory management of buying closer to demand and cutting the unproductive SKUs is really having a
benefit. Also at the end of Q2, as we've called out, we are experiencing supply chain delays, 4 to 6 weeks,
which is also benefiting a little bit. As we move through the second half, we called out we're going to be
incurring about $0.35 worth of airfreight expense, really to make sure that the inventories are getting --
are keeping in line with our sales forecast.

And Bob, if you just -- if you look at the inventory this year versus last year, last year comparisons get
difficult. This time last year, we really had been canceling a lot of orders. So if we were to compare it to
2019, which is probably a better comparison, we expect our inventory levels pretty much to get back in
line with future sales growth projections by the end of the year.

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Yes. And just to build -- Bob, just to build on what Jim was speaking about in terms of inventory levels.
One thing I've seen throughout my career working with finding a systematic, repeatable way to create
value from product and how we plan and buy inventories that when we have demand above what we
expected, we tend to be able to sell more with less inventory. So we take this as an opportunity to learn
as a team to say how do we better plan and buy inventory to demand? And how can we have an inventory
level, in average, that's lower in relation to sales than what we historically have had?

So this last -- this past quarter is a good example of -- that we can sell more at a higher pricing power
with a lower inventory level. So that is something -- again, it's a multiyear journey, but this quarter was
a proof point on how much of a flow-through down to EBIT rate we can have from lower inventory to
demand.

Robert Scott Drbul

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

PVH CORP. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. And if I could just do one more question. Can you talk a little bit about the expansion into Kohl's for
Tommy and Calvin, sort of how that's going, how the market is receiving it?

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Absolutely, Bob. So far, we launched with Calvin underwear at Kohl's just a few weeks ago. So it's very
early read, early days but so far, very strong start, both from a consumer demand and pricing power
perspective.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. Mike, congratulations. Best of luck.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse.

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I'll add my congrats, Mike. It's been really great to work with you. Jim, welcome to the crew. Stefan,
I want to ask you -- Europe as we look a little bit beyond 2021. As we look at the margins for the
international business, obviously, Europe being the biggest piece, when we look at pre-COVID, the
combined international EBIT margins were in that 13.5%, almost 14% range. Again, Europe being the
biggest piece, they look like they're running about 500 basis points above 2019 in the first half. You
said the order books are positive for spring/summer, double digits. Can you talk a little bit about how
sustainable the margins are that we've seen in the international business in the first half of this year as we
think about what to apply next year, which will hopefully be a little bit more of a normal year that we can
try to compare to prepandemic business levels.

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Yes. Thank you, Michael. So when we look at the second quarter, it's just another proof point on the
strength of our European team's execution. And it's a kind of strength that forms, and I mentioned it in
my prepared remarks, it forms a blueprint for us for what it could look like when we execute Calvin and
Tommy really, really close to the consumer. So they are operating with a very strong consumer focus, very
strong brand focus that they translate into stronger and stronger product assortments. And from a channel
perspective, they keep moving where the consumer is moving, and they do it with increased pricing power
across the channels. So I'm very confident, and we are very confident in their ability to continue to win
with the consumer in Europe and continue to expand. So we see it as a multiyear growth opportunity.

Asia -- just, Michael, to mention Asia as well from an international perspective. We are very excited by
the improvement in execution by our Asia team. But we can't fully see that in Q2 because of the COVID
disturbances. But under the surface, we can see it. So they have the same focus there in connecting
where the consumer is going, really starting to supercharge e-commerce and driving -- they also, today,
even though the COVID disturbance is under the surface, drive pricing power, lower discount rates, higher
sell-throughs. So it's a multiyear growth opportunity from strength in both Europe and Asia.

James W. Holmes
Senior VP & Corporate Controller

Yes. Michael, I just want to add, the second quarter did benefit somewhat. In Mike's notes, he mentioned
we planned the marketing more second half-weighted than first half. So that is benefiting the operating
margins. As well, the first month of the second quarter and May, we did have still a lot of store closures

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

PVH CORP. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

in Europe. So we don't have that expense base as well as still receiving rent concessions, and some
government subsidies on payroll did benefit Q2.

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. And then maybe I could just follow with North America. I would love to hear, Stefan, some of your
thoughts on the path to recovery for North America retail. You've talked to us a lot about how impactful
tourism is there. That's pretty clear. I'm just more curious where that business goes until we know the
pace and timing of tourism coming back.

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Thanks, Michael. So yes, there is a big and real tourism effect. In the normal year, as I mentioned, 30%
to 40% of the business is tourism, now mostly temporarily gone. So what we're doing there with Tricia's
leadership, she's still relatively new coming in, but I'm excited by seeing her increase focus and with
the teams on the domestic consumer focus on executing the accelerated recovery priorities across both
Tommy and Calvin. So proof points this quarter is we see digitally -- digital e-commerce, owned and
operated, really taking off. And we see Calvin being ahead there. And those learnings, we can share, and
we are sharing with Tommy immediately.

We see that we are starting to lean in, even if it's early days, on the hero product execution. So we
see AURs up. We see discount rates down. So we -- our focus is on the domestic consumer and the
same accelerated recovery priorities as we see in Europe and in Asia. So -- but we -- from a regional
perspective, from our 3 regions, we have the most work to do in North America. What excites me today
though is that we're starting to lean into the areas that really matters and starting to connect with that
domestic consumer and really leverage the strength we have in Calvin and Tommy in North America. The
underlying consumer strength with Calvin and Tommy is for us to improve our execution.

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Congrats again.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jay Sole with UBS.

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I wanted to see if we can follow up a little bit on the sourcing issue because there's a lot of talk about
factory shutdowns and you mentioned that there's 4- to 6-week delays in getting product. Can you just
give us a little bit more information about how you're managing through this? Because it sounds like
you're still able to get the units that you need and probably in time for holiday because of airfreight. Is
that the case? And how are you managing that? Because it seems like you're doing a better job than a lot
of companies being able to make sure that you get the inventory you need for the key seasons.

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Yes. So we have been doing a really good job through our sourcing and supply teams and brand teams,
regional teams to really stay on top of what's happening because it's changing week by week. So today,
as we mentioned, we are 4 to 6 weeks in average on the delays, and we are able to prioritize our key
categories and hero products. So we have inventory, and that's included in our guidance. So what the
guidance we are taking up for the rest of the year includes the supply chain disruption we're seeing right
now.

James W. Holmes

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

PVH CORP. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

Senior VP & Corporate Controller

Yes. And just to add, getting back to our inventory disciplines, really cutting some of the unproductive
SKUs is helping because our focus on more basic and core product is allowing us to fill back in perhaps a
little quicker, particularly in the underwear category. We're able to airfreight that in fairly quickly to sort of
keep us in line.

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Understood. Maybe then we can follow up just on the impact of the airfreight expense. I think you said
it's going to $0.35 versus it was $0.19 before. Can you just talk about how that -- what the impact was
to the overall margins in Q2 from just airfreight and overall supply chain congestion and maybe what the
incremental change will be in Q3 and how that will impact sort of gross margin and SG&A?

James W. Holmes
Senior VP & Corporate Controller

Yes. Jay, for Q2, it's not very -- I mean, it was very minimal, basically. And then if you were to take, so to
speak, in Q3, it's probably worth about -- it's probably worth -- it's 20, 30 basis points or so. It's pretty
much spread evenly almost for the second half of the year between the 2 quarters.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.

Dana Lauren Telsey
Telsey Advisory Group LLC

Congratulations, Mike. Very terrific to work with you. Stefan, you've mentioned a lot of times about the
hero product. What percentage of the business is the hero product? And I know you were focused on
culling SKUs. Where are you in that SKU journey? Then I just have a quick follow-up.

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Thanks, Dana. So from a hero product perspective, share of business, it's increasing, and it will increase
season by season because what we are doing is that we are translating the aspirational power of our
brands into the key categories and then increasingly focus on the products that are the most essential
for the consumer. And there are year-round hero products, there are seasonal hero products, and then
we can paint this seasonal and year-round products through our collaborations. So you're going to see an
increasing share of focus when it comes to our hero products.

And then where we are on the SKU rationalization. That's an ongoing work as well. But it starts with the --
the way we effectively cut unproductive SKUs is that we start to -- we start, when we build assortment, to
focus on the hero products. And then we look at the ongoing demand from the assortment we have. And
my experience over the years there is that when we continuously do that in a systematic way, we can cut
-- we can keep cutting unproductive SKUs.

So every product needs to have an intent that goes into our line. And for fall, as I mentioned, we are
cutting 20% of the assortment. So it sounds a lot, but it's just the beginning because we have a history of
overproducing SKUs. And now when we focus in on what really matters to the consumer, then we will have
-- over the next few years, we will have a continuous opportunity to tighten the assortment to the SKUs
that really matters to win with the consumer.

Dana Lauren Telsey
Telsey Advisory Group LLC

Got it. And then on the digital side, digital has been accretive. Any change to the level of digital accretion
as it's maintained at this 25% rate now?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

PVH CORP. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

James W. Holmes
Senior VP & Corporate Controller

Dana, I'd just point out, last year, Q2, when we've had significant store closures, we had really had a spike
in our owned and operated e-commerce. So we're up against that in Q2. So we're pleased that we're at
least -- we're able to maintain that 25% overall digital penetration. Even with this year, the stores really
reopened in a lot more traffic. So we're pleased about that.

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

And if we look at Q3, Q4, we see our owned and operated continue to grow. We see our third-party
e-commerce continue to grow, and e-commerce overall as a penetration over the next few years will
continue to grow the fastest.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs.

Brooke Siler Roach
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to dig in a little bit more on the gross margin. The company has been showing some strong
gross margin momentum fueled by AUR. Can you provide some additional color on the components of this
strength? How much of the benefit are you seeing between geographic channel and product mix shift on
that hero product category momentum versus what you're seeing industry-wide with lower promotions?
And as you look into next year, how much of the strength do you think will be sustainable into future
years?

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Yes. Thank you, Brooke. So starting with -- we have a geographic component with the strength of
international, for sure. And then on top of that, in each region, each brand, we drive pricing power. We
drive pricing power up. So we drive margin -- gross margin expansion up through our hero product focus.
So it's a combination of -- there is a geographic effect, but the most important from a long-term growth
perspective is the gross margin rate improvement in each brand, in each region.

And when we look ahead for 2022, we are facing some headwinds when it comes to cost of goods, AUC
and from raw material prices going up and affecting us just like everybody else. But even when we include
that, we are net-net positive of continuing to drive margin expansion.

Brooke Siler Roach
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

And just a follow-up on more of a strategic question here. The Europe business strength has been a
key standout for a few quarters in a row now. And in your prepared remarks, you talked to utilizing the
success as a blueprint for some of the other regions. Can you talk to maybe the 1 or 2 most important
components of that blueprint that you're translating into North America and the time line for seeing some
of that success materialize?

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Yes. Happy to, Brooke. So if I were to just highlight, a few drivers is Europe's obsession on brand and
consumer and starting with the consumer and then unlocking the power of the brand through product
and through the right channel mix and driving pricing power and high-quality sales growth. And that's
something that they execute really well. And that's what I referred to in that we are seeing similar
strength in Asia under the surface because of the COVID effects in Q2.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

PVH CORP. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

But we are seeing the same type of effects, positive performance coming out of Asia and China. And then
that's where we have the most work to do in North America, starting with the domestic consumers. So we
still have this lingering tourism -- negative tourism effect for a while. But once we have that coming back,
it's about winning more with the domestic consumer in the same way as we do in Europe and Asia. And
then we have the benefit of the international tourists coming back.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America.

Lorraine Corrine Maikis Hutchinson
BofA Securities, Research Division

I wanted to focus on marketing for a minute. You spoke about the increased investment in the second
half. Is there a tilt to that sort of particular brand or geography? And then how has your marketing plan
changed now that the digital penetration has remained so high?

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Yes. So thank you, Lorraine. So from a marketing perspective, we are increasing our marketing
investments in the back half, as Mike mentioned in his remarks, across both brands and across regions
because we see the consumer -- we are now in an accelerated recovery phase, and we see the consumer
coming back. And the marketing is focused on the key consumer moments. So now we're starting to move
into fall, and then we are rapidly going to come in to transition into holiday. And those holiday moments in
North America, Asia and Europe is what we are backing up with marketing. And it's a mix between digital
marketing for e-commerce and marketing to drive to our brick-and-mortar sales as well.

One aspect that we see is driving -- increasing engagement is the collaborations, as I mentioned in my
prepared remarks. And we are just in the beginning of that. And when we look at Calvin and Tommy,
as two of the most iconic global power brands in the sector, they in themselves work as a platform for
creativity. And that's what we see with Heron Preston for Calvin Klein or the latest Romeo Hunte with
-- that Mr. Hilfiger connected us to. We see that the connection between our iconic brands and external
creativity that is really powerful to drive engagement with the consumer.

Operator

And we'll take our next question...

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Yes. And this will be our last question.

Operator

Okay. We'll take our last question from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley.

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Stefan, I was very interested in your comments on Asia. I mean it's very clear, looking at the Europe
results, that the performance there is just fantastic and well above expectations. But it sounds like you're
feeling quite hopeful about the improvement in execution in Asia. And I wanted to know if you could
just talk to us a little bit more about what is changing there and how -- let's say, if we can look through
the COVID volatility here over the next quarter or 2, what are you thinking about kind of medium-term
strategies to grow in that geography?

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

PVH CORP. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

Yes. Thank you, Kim. So yes, so we are optimistic when it comes to Asia. And what we're seeing again,
below the surface, is that we are seeing that increased focus in connecting our brands to where the
consumer is going in Asia and with a special focus on China. It's -- we are supercharging digital, and that
is paying off. And we are increasing our focus on winning with product through pricing power, and that is
paying off. And then we see further improvements that our management team there is doing successfully,
which is to plan and buy inventory closer to demand. So they have been able to be much more flexible
now given that we have been hit by COVID resurgence in Asia. It feels like more than in any other region
over the last quarter, and they have been able to navigate that really well.

So it's just an increased focus on the accelerated recovery priorities, and our teams there are coming
together and executing really well. And that's where the similarities between the Europe blueprint and the
Asia execution is getting closer. And we see more of that because we can take away the COVID effect. And
so that gives us the confidence long term.

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Fantastic. That's great. And just one follow-up on the inventory, if I could. I'm wondering if there is a
good way for us to think about how much inventory you will be able to take out of the system compared
to, let's say, 2019 levels. So if we think about a future year when you would get back to the $9.4 billion
in revenue, would you be able to generate that $9.4 billion on 5% less inventory, 10% less inventory?
I'm just wondering how we should think about the magnitude of inventory efficiency that you expect to
achieve over the next couple of years.

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Yes. And that's -- we won't be able to give you the specific numbers. But what we will be able to give you
is that our focus is very clear, which is to drive inventory decisions, both how we plan inventory and how
we buy inventory closer to demand. And we'll throw out the quarterly updates, give you updates on how --
what kind of inventory in relation to sales levels we will receive. But it's clear to all of us that we have a lot
of value to be created from that, and we are already on it, but it's early days. So you'll -- over time, we'll
be able to share exactly what that will look like.

And with that, we want to thank you and look forward to connecting with you next quarter.

Operator
And that does conclude today's presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

PVH CORP. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  SEP 01, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

