PVH Corp. NYSE:PVH
FQ1 2022 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, June 03, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2022-

-FQ2 2022-

-FY 2022-

-FY 2023-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

0.83

1.92

131.33

1.21

6.34

6.50

8.11

Revenue  (mm)

1927.58

2079.30

7.87

2135.36

8939.49

-

9445.94

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jun-03-2021 11:48 AM GMT

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

FQ4 2021

FQ1 2022

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

(2.43)

0.24

(0.34)

0.83

0.13

1.32

(0.38)

1.92

NM

450.00 %

NM

131.33 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
PVH CORP. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Dana M. Perlman
Chief Strategy Officer & Treasurer

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating
& Financial Officer

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Unknown Analyst

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

PVH CORP. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the PVH Corp. First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being
recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Dana Perlman. Please go ahead, ma'am.

Dana M. Perlman
Chief Strategy Officer & Treasurer

Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the PVH Corp. First Quarter 2021 Earnings
Conference Call. This webcast and conference call is being recorded on behalf of PVH and consists of
copyrighted material. It may not be recorded, rebroadcast or otherwise transmitted without PVH's written
permission. Your participation in the question-and-answer session constitutes your consent to having
anything you say appear on any transcript or replay of this call.

The information to be discussed includes forward-looking statements that reflect PVH's view as of June 2,
2021, of future events and financial performance. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
indicated in the company's SEC filings and the safe harbor statement included in the press release that
is the subject of this call. These risks and uncertainties include PVH's right to change its strategies,
objectives, expectations and intentions and its need to use significant cash flow to service its debt
obligations. Significantly at this time, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to have a significant impact on
the company's business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations.

There is significant uncertainty about the duration and extent of the impact of the pandemic. The
dynamic nature of the circumstances means what is said on this call could change materially at any
time. Therefore, the operation of the company's business and its future results of operations could differ
materially from historical practices and results or current descriptions, estimates and suggestions. PVH
does not undertake any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, including, without
limitation, any estimates or suggestions regarding revenue or earnings.

Generally, the financial information and projections to be discussed will be on a non-GAAP basis as defined
under SEC rules. Reconciliations to GAAP amounts are included in PVH's first quarter 2020 earnings
release, which can be found on www.pvh.com and in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished
to the SEC in connection with the release. At this time, I'm pleased to turn the conference over to Mr.
Stefan Larsson, CEO of PVH.

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Good morning, and thank you for joining. With me on the call today are Mike Shaffer, our COO and CFO;
and Dana Perlman, our EVP, Chief Strategy Officer and Treasurer. I look forward to sharing the progress
we are making in building our next growth chapter as we drive towards an accelerated recovery post-
COVID to win in the new normal. Before I do that, I would like to thank our entire PVH team for an
incredible job in successfully navigating the company through the pandemic and delivering a very strong
start of the year.

This quarter, we moved from navigating through the pandemic to increasingly coming into an accelerated
recovery phase. This has been driven by the disciplined execution of our key strategic focus areas, led
by Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger; our international markets, product strength and winning in the
marketplace supercharged by e-commerce.

We had a very strong first quarter. We overdelivered our revenue, gross margin rate and EPS versus our
expectation. And the most important part of the strong performance is the underlying drivers behind it,
which are important proof points for what we set out to achieve through our strategic focus areas. As we
are connecting closer to where the consumer is going, the strength and value-creating potential of our
global growth brands, Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger, is real and already starting to deliver results.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

PVH CORP. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

You will remember from our last call that our focus is to win with the consumer by driving brand relevance,
taking profitable market share and further strengthening our platform capabilities. And over time, doing
that more efficiently, we're also becoming even more demand and data-driven, enabling us to create value
in a more systematic and repeatable way.

We believe that our increased and sustained focus on these aspects will drive long-term revenue and
margin growth for our shareholders driven by gross margin expansion and SG&A leverage.

Having had the opportunity to see a number of our important markets reopen and having been out
walking stores again, I'm optimistic by what I'm seeing. While the consumer continues to lean into digital,
the consumer is also out shopping in stores, and there is a general feeling of optimism and excitement.

We are seeing signs of a real shift in consumer sentiment where the consumer is excited to come out of
COVID restrictions, reflecting a new hybrid lifestyle. Consumers are evolving their casual and comfort
focus to include more elements of self-expression through bolder colors increasingly influenced by the '90s
pop culture.

This combination of stay-at-home comfort with the joy of being able to socialize again, it's reflected as
consumers mix and match casual essential categories like underwear, lounge, active and daywear and we
see an increased interest in denim. These consumer trends are positive for the fashion sector overall and
for us in particular.

Looking ahead, based upon our strong underlying performance, we are increasing our full year outlook.
We are prudently managing our business as we navigate the ongoing effects of the pandemic, including
lockdowns in certain markets and supply chain disruptions in countries that are being tragically affected
such as India and Sri Lanka. We are confident in our ability to navigate these uncertainties and continue to
drive an accelerated recovery.

Let me now turn to some of the key proof points on how our key strategic focus areas positively drove
our performance in the first quarter. And Mike will then share financial details. First, we continue to
supercharge our e-commerce channel, with digital revenue growing approximately 95% in the quarter,
including 66% growth in our owned and operated sites as we leveraged our multichannel business model
to meet the consumer where they wanted to shop.

Next, we continue to increase our focus on driving product relevance across our brands and regions.
Across the board, our focus on key growth categories, Hero products and cutting the unproductive
assortment tail, yielding strong results. And we see increased pricing power and margin expansion in both
Calvin and Tommy across our largest markets and channels.

Lastly, we continue to drive cost efficiencies across our businesses globally through the initiatives we have
underway, and we will continue to efficiently manage our cost structure.

Turning to our regional update. Despite continued COVID-related challenges in the quarter, including
closed stores, our teams drove performance significantly above plan in both revenue and profitability
across our businesses globally. We delivered particularly strong results in our international business, which
returned to prepandemic revenue levels at a faster pace than expected.

Let me start with Asia. We remain pleased with our performance in the market. Our performance was led
by the strength in China. And despite COVID resurgences in important markets like Japan, Singapore and
Korea, our revenues were relatively in line with prepandemic levels. Our Asia and China teams continue to
accelerate performance through a number of focused and well-executed initiatives.

China is the furthest along in its recovery overall, and we continue to see increased traffic to our stores in
addition to our growing digital business. Overall, revenues were above prepandemic levels.

Our more focused strategies to strengthen product, coupled with better operational excellence in stores
are driving higher conversion and strong full price selling. We are continuing to realize gross margin
expansion from higher AURs.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

PVH CORP. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

We also continue to supercharge e-commerce by successfully capturing key consumer moments around
important holidays with positive responses for new season product launches, which are resonating both
online and in stores. We are prepared and looking forward to several upcoming important selling periods,
the next being for 6/18, which will be supported by strong product and channel execution. Overall, we
remain optimistic of the long-term opportunity to grow our brands in Asia as we expand awareness and
continue to invest in the market.

Moving on to Europe. Our performance in the quarter was truly outstanding. We experienced earlier and
much stronger-than-expected demand from our wholesale partners, who came out of the holiday season
with very strong sell-throughs and low inventory levels for both Tommy and Calvin and wanted to be ready
for the reopening of Europe.

This led to the positive timing-related impact of earlier-than-expected wholesale shipments during the first
quarter versus our plans for the second quarter. However, the underlying business performance in Europe
was very strong, driven by our team's disciplined execution of our accelerated recovery priorities, including
consistent and very strong product execution across both Tommy and Calvin, combined with a market
presence that allowed us to very closely follow where the consumer wanted to shop, which in this quarter
meant supercharging our digital channels through our connected inventory, enabling us to meet demand
from all channels.

We generated strong digital sales growth of over 100%, driven by both our owned and operated sites as
well as sales to our digital partners, particularly pure players. And this growth also benefited from the
store closures.

It's important to note that as markets have reopened, the consumer has come back to our stores with
better-than-expected traffic. For both Tommy and Calvin, we continue to gain market share driven by
strong consumer demand for our product, resulting in increased pricing power and margin expansion.

For Tommy, we continue to see strength for both men's and women's sportswear. across multiple product
categories, including a strong and rising trend for denim. For Calvin, underwear and casual essentials
remain key performance drivers in addition to new denim sellers.

Footwear, our newest category, which was recently brought in-house, is seeing strong consumer
acceptance across all markets. The momentum in our future order book continues to be very strong with
fall holiday 2021 now finalized and it's up double digits versus the prior year and prepandemic levels.

We remain very confident in our team's ability to continue to drive sustainable, profitable growth in Europe
for the remainder of the year and beyond. However, given the positive timing impact in the quarter, we are
not expecting to see the same level of outperformance in the coming quarters.

Turning to North America. During the first quarter, our inventory levels were very clean and we bought
conservatively, which led to improvements in AUR and gross margin. However, sales were still down
significantly in the quarter compared to prepandemic levels.

As I have mentioned previously, the lack of tourism in North America, which prepandemic accounted
for 30% to 40% of our revenues in the market has negatively impacted our business. We expect to see
tourism come back gradually over time, although this is very much dependent on the pace of vaccinations
in the rest of the world and the loosening of travel restrictions. Lastly, during the quarter, we had 50% of
our stores in Canada closed due to COVID restrictions.

In the meantime, we are leveraging our learnings and leaning in to build more strength with our domestic
consumer. From this focused work, we already see a number of important initial proof points. We grew
digital over 60% with growth on both our owned and operated sites as well as sales to our key wholesale
partners, including digital pure players.

In stores, we saw increases in traffic with the domestic consumer, although not enough to offset the lack
of international tourism. Importantly though, this improved domestic consumer performance came in the
result of less discounting, increased pricing power and strong margin improvement.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

PVH CORP. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

From a product perspective, our inventory position is very good and we have started to see the positive
effects of our key category and Hero product focus as well as from cutting the unproductive assortment
tail. So even though the top line is still very challenged by the tourism effect, below the surface, we are
seeing strong positive comps for important Hero products that performed significantly above prepandemic
levels.

While we are pleased to see these early positive signs from our accelerated recovery focus, we recognize
that we still have much work to do to unlock the regions for potential. Even if it's still early days for Trish,
who just joined us a few months ago in the role of CEO for PVH Americas, I'm very encouraged by how
she and her team are starting to drive product strength with pricing power and margin expansion as well
as doubling down on e-commerce growth in both direct-to-consumer channels and through our wholesale
partners, and we see significant opportunity for the region.

Next, I would like to share a few brief global brand highlights, beginning with Calvin Klein. Global brand
health remains strong with consistently strong high level of awareness as well as increased purchase
intent.

During the quarter, Calvin launched its first global product collaboration with Hero in Preston. The
collection focuses on reinvented essentials, true to the Calvin Klein brand DNA and connected to where
culture is today. The response to date has been very positive, and we have a number of encouraging
learnings.

Globally, the collaboration has attracted a new, younger and very valuable consumer. We have seen strong
consumer demand across product categories, starting with underwear. However, the fastest to sell out
product categories were denim, trucker jackets, hoodies, t-shirts, which demonstrates Calvin Klein's
strength and potential as a true multi-category lifestyle brand.

Through this collaboration, we have also seen higher AURs and average order value than any time before
in recent history. We will continue to build out collaborations and campaigns to fuel brand heat and cultural
relevance. One important campaign right now is our Pride capsule, which cuts across social, e-commerce
and stores.

Moving on to Tommy Hilfiger. We continue to generate increases across all brand health KPIs, including
awareness, visibility and consideration as well as strong search interest. In Europe, Tommy drove strong
sell-through for our spring capsules, including our collaboration with Patta, the Amsterdam-based
streetwear brand, which was very well received. Additionally, the brand made another step towards
circularity with the launch of our first limited edition upcycle collection.

The remix collection is part of the Tommy for Life program, and the pioneering circular business
model using preloved Tommy Hilfiger and Tommy Jeans products and marks another milestone in our
sustainability vision. We also launched the third installment of Tommy's Drop Shop with an artist capsule
codesigned with London-based creative Stevie Gee, featuring limited-edition hoodies and Ts.

And finally, turning to our Heritage business. While we saw some improvements in our heritage brands this
quarter, the business continued to face challenges.

We remain on track to exit the remaining Heritage Brands retail stores this summer. Our intimates
business performed well during the quarter with solid revenue growth compared to both last year and
prepandemic levels. All while still under pressure, we have started to see some early signs of improvement
in our dress shirt business as people reengage in social activities and return to offices.

For the Heritage Brands, we are continuing to actively review additional ways to optimize the business.
In closing, I feel very good about the strong performance we drove in the quarter, and I'm confident in
our ability to continue to execute an increasingly strong recovery as reflected in our increased full year
guidance. In addition, I feel particularly pleased with the disciplined way we achieved the growth in the
quarter and how that positions us for sustainable, profitable growth for many years to come.

I'm proud of how our teams continue to lean in to what's within our control to drive an accelerated
recovery and position us as one of the winners in the new normal. Every quarter, we are taking further

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

PVH CORP. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

steps to get even closer to where the consumer is going. And I look forward to continuing to share more
with you about the progress along the way.

And before I hand it over to Mike, you will have seen that yesterday, we announced a couple of updates
regarding our global leadership. Cheryl Abel-Hodges will be stepping down as Chief Executive Officer of
Calvin Klein, moving to an advisory position on July 1. Trish Donnelly, CEO of PVH Americas, who has had
oversight of Calvin Klein, will now take full global responsibility for the brand. I would like to extend my
sincere thanks to Cheryl for the valuable impact she has made during her 15 years with the company in
many areas of our business.

And we also shared that after 30 years with PVH, Mike will be leaving to pursue other opportunities.
Mike will be with us through September, so we will have time to celebrate his many contributions to the
company. So for today, I would like to say thank you, Mike, for your partnership and stewardship over the
years and for helping us build a strong foundation and strong leaders and teams we have today on which
we will continue to build. So with that, I would like to hand it over to Mike.

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

Thanks, Stefan. The comments I'm about to make are based on non-GAAP results and are reconciled
in our press release. Overall revenues for the first quarter were up 55% as reported and up 46% on a
constant currency basis compared to the prior year and exceeded our prior revenue guidance driven by
growth across all regions and channels. Revenue in our international business exceeded 2019 prepandemic
levels.

When we think about the comparison of 2021 first quarter results to the prior year. It is important
to remember that during the first quarter of 2020, virtually all of our retail stores and our wholesale
customer stores were closed globally for 6 weeks on average as a result of the pandemic.

Our total direct-to-consumer business was up 66% versus the prior year, including a 66% increase in
digital commerce across all regions and brands. Our retail stores faced continued pressure during the first
quarter, although to a much lesser extent than in the previous year, with a significant percentage of our
stores temporarily closed in Europe, Canada and Japan.

All regions and brand businesses experienced strong digital growth due in part to the continued store
closures, particularly in Europe. Although we expect digital penetration to remain consistent for the rest of
the year, we expect digital growth will not be as pronounced as stores reopen.

Our wholesale revenue was up 53% versus the prior year, including very strong sales to our digital
channels. The increase was driven by strong performance in Europe due in part to an unplanned shift in
the timing of wholesale shipments into the first quarter from the second quarter.

Looking at our segments. Tommy Hilfiger revenues were up 63% as reported and 52% on a constant
currency basis, with international up 78% as reported and 63% on a constant currency basis. North
America was up 25%. Calvin Klein revenue was up 65% as reported and 56% on a constant currency
basis with international up 91% as reported and 77% on a constant currency basis. North America was up
27%. Our Heritage revenues were up 9%, which included a reduction of 14% resulting from the sale of
our Speedo North America business in April of 2020.

Gross margin was 59.1% for the quarter as compared to 49.5% in the prior year, which reflected
improvements across all regions and brands due to less promotional selling, a favorable shift in regional
sales mix and the absence of significant inventory reserves that have been recorded in the prior year.

We continue to tightly manage our inventory, which decreased 7% at the end of the quarter as compared
to the prior year. Earnings per share was $1.92 on a non-GAAP basis for the first quarter of 2021 and was
$1.09 higher than the top end of our previous guidance. The beat included the impact of the unplanned
timing ship of Europe wholesale shipments into the first quarter from the second quarter that I previously
mentioned as well as a shift of advertising and other expenses out of the first quarter into the remainder
of the year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

PVH CORP. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

Together, these timing shifts represent approximately $0.40 of the beat with the balance of $0.69 due to
the business outperformance across all regions and brands. Notably, our EBIT margin was very strong at
12% for the quarter. This was due to the favorable shift in regional sales mix as our international business
generally carry higher operating margins as well as unprecedented strength in our international businesses
EBIT margins.

The strength in international was due in part to Europe channel mix as a larger portion of revenue came
from the wholesale channel, including sales to our brick-and-mortar and pure-play digital customers,
which carry very low expenses. The higher proportion of Europe wholesale was due to a significant
percentage of our stores being temporarily closed and the unplanned timing shift of wholesale shipments
into the first quarter from the second quarter.

Moving on to our outlook. We are providing our 2021 outlook despite the significant uncertainty due to
the pandemic. And as such, it could be subject to material change. Our outlook does not contemplate new
store closures, new lockdowns or extensions of current lockdowns beyond what is already known.

We continue to monitor industry-wide supply chain headwinds, and our outlook contemplates certain
inventory delays of approximately 4 to 6 weeks on average which is expected to result in additional air
freight and other costs in order to maintain our sales plan in the second half of the year.

While we have been able to successfully react throughout the year to delayed shipments, thanks to the
strength of our supply chain, the current volatility in the industry may further impact our results in ways
that we cannot currently able to predict. Our actual 2021 results could differ materially from our current
outlook as a result of the occurrence of any uncontemplated events. We continue to be encouraged by our
international businesses, which have exceeded and are expected to continue to exceed prepandemic levels
throughout the remainder of 2021.

We expect North America to continue to face the ongoing challenge of reduced international tourism,
which is the source of a significant amount of revenue and not expected to return to prepandemic levels
within the year. Additionally, our outlook reflects approximately $20 million of estimated operating losses
associated with the wind-down of the Heritage Brands retail business in the first half of the year.

For the full year, we are projecting revenue to grow approximately 24% to 26% as reported and
approximately 21% to 23% on a constant currency basis compared to 2020. We expect gross margin
will continue to show improvements in 2021 compared to 2020 due to less promotional selling, though
we do not expect significant improvements for the remainder of the year as we experienced in the first
quarter due in part to a less favorable shift in regional sales mix as growth in our international businesses,
which generally carry higher gross margins was more pronounced in the first quarter relative to our lower-
margin businesses in North America.

We continue to manage our cost structure proactively, including reducing operating expenses and
reallocating resources to support growth areas of the business. We continue to expect the increase in
gross margin percent in 2021 versus 2020 and the decrease in operating expenses as a percentage of
revenue in 2021 versus 2020 will be relatively similar in magnitude with each worth a few hundred basis
points.

We expect EBIT margin will continue to show improvement in 2021 compared to 2020 although we
do not expect a significant improvements for the remainder of the year as we experienced in the first
quarter due to a less favorable shift in regional sales mix. We also do not expect the unprecedented
strength we realized in our international businesses in the first quarter to continue at that level for the
remainder of the year as stores have reopened and our wholesale business becomes a smaller proportion
of the business. We expect our interest expense to decrease in 2021 to approximately $110 million. We
are planning debt repayments of $700 million for the full year, which is equivalent to the incremental
borrowings we took on in 2020 to manage through the pandemic.

As of today, we have already made repayments of $600 million. This includes $500 million of repayments
made in the first quarter and additional $100 million made after the quarter. Our tax rate for the year
is estimated at 17.5% to 19%. As a reminder, when we think about our tax rate by quarter, we expect

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

PVH CORP. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

that rate for the first 3 quarters will be relatively similar with the fourth quarter expected to benefit from
certain discrete items, which bring down the overall rate for the year.

For the full year in 2021, we are projecting non-GAAP earnings per share to be approximately
$6.50, which is an increase compared to our previous guidance of approximately $6. Our current
projection reflects an increase from our previous guidance of approximately $0.69 due to the business
outperformance experienced in the first quarter. And while we are cautiously optimistic, we are prudently
planning the balance of the year given supply chain disruptions and overall macro uncertainty. For the
second quarter, our revenue is projected to increase 34% to 36% as reported and 29% to 31% on a
constant currency basis.
Second quarter non-GAAP earnings per share is planned in the range of $1.15 to $1.18 compared to $0.13
in the prior year period. We expect interest expense to be about $27 million and taxes to be in the range
of 36% to 38% in the second quarter. And with that, operator, we'll open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

PVH CORP. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we can now take our first question from Erinn Murphy of Piper Sandler.

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Great. And Mike, you will be greatly missed. My question is for Stefan. Just on the overall acceleration
in denim that you spoke to. Can you remind us what percent of the overall business is denim? And how
sustainable is the traction that you're seeing in the overall category?

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Yes. So we see -- so as I mentioned in my remarks, denim -- we see increasing demand, consumer
demand in denim for both Calvin and Tommy. And what we see is the mix between -- we see the mix
between the consumer continuing to shop casual essential categories for the at-home piece of their life.
And now when -- especially in the markets where the restrictions are opened up from COVID, we see the
consumer excited and increasingly going out. And so it's a mix. We see this hybrid lifestyle, and denim
is an important part there. So we see the strength in casual essentials and then we see denim, we see
colors. So we -- overall, as I mentioned, is we see strength for that being positive for the industry as a
whole there for us in particular.

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Great. And then just a follow-up for Mike. Could you share a little bit more about what you're seeing with
input costs right now? And then are there price increases that need to be contemplated to offset any
potential pressure?

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

Yes. Look, for full '21, we're seeing low single-digit kind of increases. But as we look to spring and the
future, we're seeing mid-single-digit kind of increases. So the supply chain is under pressure to some
degree. At this point, we're working through it, Erinn, and we're trying to understand what we can do on
the product side to mitigate against those costs. Also looking at what we can do on the country of origin
side to see where we can go to mitigate those costs. So it's a work in process. But yes, if we don't see the
-- if we cannot mitigate those costs, we will have to see some sort of increases as we move through into
next year and beyond. But for this year, I think the impact will be relatively minimal.

Operator

And we can now take our next question from Michael Binetti of Crédit Suisse.

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Michael, add my congrats and thanks so much on all the help over the years. Stefan, we talked about this
a bit last quarter, but I think that -- in the U.S., Tommy and Calvin were lower than first quarter of '19 by
roughly 40% each. I think you pointed to tourism, so maybe that explains some of the downside to that
2019 watermark. But can you talk to us a little bit more about where you see the U.S. business over the
next few years? Should we think about it as revenue is lower than the 2019 mark for a few years and the
bigger focus is on profitability? Or should this really be approaching those 2019 revenues over the next
year or 2? Maybe some of just your bigger picture thinking on the region? And then I'll have a follow-up
after that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

PVH CORP. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Okay. Thanks, Michael. So starting with North America. So yes, to your point, we have a big negative
tourism effect. So a normal year, we have 30% to 40% of our business across Calvin and Tommy driven
by tourism. And a big part of that is temporarily gone. And we are -- over time, we will see that come
back. Question is how soon it would come back. Then we have had 50% of Canada, it's worth mentioning
as well that has had a negative effect. But underneath there, we have a lot of work to do with the
domestic consumer in North America. So we're already leaning into this opportunity, as you know.

So big important part was Trish, the leadership. Trish came in. Trish Donnelly is our CEO for PVH North
America. She has a high-performance experience from 6, 7 years as the CEO of Urban Outfitters, winning
with the young consumer, winning with product, pricing power, driving digital to best-in-class shares. So
under the surface of the negative tourism effect and the Canada closures, we see some important proof
points. So we see that digital, we were able to drive digital sales, 60% up. We were able to drive product
strength.

So we were able to drive sales to the domestic consumer with higher pricing power, increased gross
margins, less discounting. But this is an opportunity that we will continue to lean into. And when it comes
to the future years, we'll come back to that, the more clarity we get from navigating through COVID.

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. And then I guess you raised the operating margin guidance for the year 7.5% to 8%. I think that
pegs about 800, 850 basis points above 2020. And I think when we talked -- you said about half of that
improvement will come from gross margin and half from SG&A on the basis points there. That puts gross
margin about 57, so well above the 54.7 you had in 2019, but I think that still points to SG&A around $4.4
billion, and that's maybe just a touch lower than where you were in 2019. And I think the revenues are
planned about 9% lower than 2019. So I wanted -- I'd love to hear your thoughts on the sustainability
of that, just the cost structure on the level is being very similar to 2019, you mentioned the focus on
efficiency and managing costs tightly a few times here in the last few conference calls. So how do you
think about where -- how to plan the SG&A going forward? Is that a sustainable budget for where you see
the revenues over the next few quarters and years?

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

So when it comes to -- I'll start and then hand it over to Mike. But when it comes to operating efficiencies,
we'll start with -- there is a mix shift in the operating efficiencies. So within each region, we are driving
more efficiencies than what you see in the total. What we already have done is we set out to save $250
million where, on a yearly annualized basis that we have secured and we have reinvested $100 million
of that. So we have $100 million -- so far, we have $150 million run rate net yearly savings. And we will
continue to drive efficiencies and we will find ways to simplify how we do business. So with that, I'll hand
it over to Mike if you want to give some more details.

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

No. I think you hit most of the highlights, Stefan. I think as we grow that -- if the international business
continues to grow faster in the North America business, you have a higher gross margin, higher operating
expense, higher operating margin business. So part of what you're seeing is this mix shift. If the tourism
comes back, I think you'll start to see more of a shift back to North America and a lower growth and lower
operating expense margin. So it's -- part of this is significantly driven by the shift in where the business is
being done.

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

PVH CORP. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

And just to build on what Mike just said, Michael, is we're going to continue to drive efficiencies year-over-
year and reinvest, make sure that we, at the same time, reinvest in the growth areas.

Operator

We can now take our next question from Jay Sole of UBS.

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

And Mike, let me add my congratulations as well on a great career at PVH. I want to ask a little bit
about Europe because I think there's a question about was the strength in Europe this quarter driven by
restocking or some sort of opportunistic opportunities based on maybe what you were able to deliver for
some other companies? Or was it really about strong sell-through product and brand strength. And can
you tell us a little about the order books and how they build up for fall of '21.

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Yes. I'll start there, Jay, which is thank you. I -- so Europe had a really, really strong quarter. So there was
a onetime effect from the timing of the wholesale shipments. And Mike will be able to give you a little bit
more details around that. But when we look underneath that, was very, very strong performance. So the
brand relevance that we are able to execute in Europe, the product strength the pricing power, the margin
expansion and then how we have been able to, for a long period of time now, follow the consumer in how
we win in the marketplace.

So we see Europe's strength continue, and we see Europe opening up again after the lockdown from
COVID. And we have full confidence in our team's ability to continue to build on the strength we already
see. So with that, I'll hand it over to Mike to describe a little bit more of the onetime effect. But what
excites me the most and what I'm interested in is what's the long-term strength of the business, and it's
very, very strong. And when we break it down into the underlying value drivers of what drives profitable
market share growth, sustainable profitable market share growth, Europe ticks all the boxes there. So
very, very strong performance from the team.

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

Yes. Look, it was a great quarter, as Stefan said, and we beat the top end of our guidance overall by
$140 million. Europe was a big piece of the beat. Coming into the quarter, there were lockdowns, there
were store closures and there was a lot of uncertainty around how stores would open. We had goods
planned for early shipment in May. It was about $40 million worth of product sales that we were pleasantly
surprised there was demand and the customers asked for the goods in April, so the good shift.

So -- and that was part of our beat for the quarter. So out of the $140 million, about $40 million of the
beat was Europe wholesale sales. And then for the balance of the year, we basically held to our previous
guide really didn't reflect any changes on revenue and we flowed through the other $100 million in
revenue beat for the year. I just wanted to mention the order books. The order books for the -- for all
holiday season are up double digits. Those are not frozen. So we are really happy with the performance
there and just shows continued strength and the beats were across really all categories. We're seeing
super strength in that business.

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Just to build on what Mike was just saying and building out on your question, Jay, when it comes to
Europe's performance and the sustainability we see in that performance. And we also see that the
accelerated recovery priorities that we set out as a company to drive when we hit COVID are really driving
the performance now and will continue to drive the performance. So when we have focused in on our core
strength, Calvin and Tommy, is over 90% of our revenues. International, which Europe is a big part, it's
over 60% of our business. And we see strength in Europe, strength in Asia.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

PVH CORP. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

And then we focus in on product strength, and we see AUR growth, gross margin rate improvements
across the board. And then we focused in on connecting even closer to where the consumer is going in the
marketplace. And Europe is leading there, as you know, from an e-commerce contribution. But overall,
as a company, we are now 25% e-commerce contribution and drove almost 100% growth. So that -- and
then you layer on the efficiencies of $250 million savings. So that's where I keep my focus, which is as a
management team that what we -- how we said we were going to drive the business is how we are driving
the business, and we see the strength continue and that's why we take the year out.

Operator

We can now take our next question from Omar Saad of Evercore.

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Good morning. Mike, congratulations and best wishes. I'd love to ask a broader question for your thoughts
on the strong gross margin trends industry-wide, lower promotions is something we've been hearing
consistently. What's your view on the sustainability of that element of the gross margin strength as the
industry rebuild inventories, do you expect the promos to return over time? And I have a quick follow-up.

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

So thanks, Omar. So the way we look at it is a big part of how we're going to drive the P&L going
forward is through the gross margin rate expansion. And part of that is mix shift from doubling down on
international and part of it is a result of how we drive product strength. So that we focus in on key growth
categories, Hero products, we cut -- continuously cut the unproductive SKUs. So we see that we're just in
the beginning of that journey. So over the coming few years, we see that gross margin rate will be a very
important component in how we deliver value.

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

Yes. And Omar, I would just add on the -- in the sector, we all plan -- we came out of the pandemic
with inventories down, not just us but our customers, our competitors. I do think there was a significant
amount of clearance that wasn't in the sector. I do think as time goes on, we probably will see some
increase in that level of clearance in our customers and how the business just operates normally day-
to-day. But I hope that there was a lesson learned about levels of clearance and that we see some
opportunities in the future to just have less clearance and higher -- high gross margins.

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

And that connects to just what -- building on what Mike just said, that connects to our focus on planning
and buying inventory closer to demand. And that is a journey we just started on, but there is real value-
creating potential in that.

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Understood. That's actually really helpful. And then, what is the role? And where are you on data analytics
and your ability to use data analytics, not just to engage with consumers directly, but in things like
inventory planning and merchandising?

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Yes. So we are quite far ahead when it comes to having the tools and the methodologies to use data
to become more demand-driven. Then it's the journey we are on is to adjust the way we create the
assortment, plan the assortment, buy it, allocate it to really take full advantage of those data capabilities.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

PVH CORP. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

So I've been coming into PVH. I've been positively surprised by the data capabilities that we have. The
work we have to do now is to apply that to how we plan and buy the business.

Operator

And we can now take our next question from Kimberly Greenberger of Morgan Stanley.

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I wanted to just ask about how you're thinking about strategies to manage through the supply chain
disruptions that you're seeing. I think, Mike, you mentioned higher use of air freight, but I would imagine
that you've got a sort of wide range of strategies that you're looking at to try to ensure that you can
deliver goods in as timely a manner as possible. So I was wondering if you could just outline those for us.

And then secondarily, Mike, just a clarification on your international margin discussion. We understand it's
higher gross margin that comes with higher SG&A. Is the aggregate EBIT margin internationally higher as
well?

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

I'll do the clarification first, yes. The international business is typically run with higher gross, expense and
operating margins being higher. So that's been -- that's typically how we operate. On the supply side,
we are seeing uncertainty. There are delays, but there's just some uncertainty surrounding the supply as
well. So as we look at some of the countries where we do significant amounts of business, India for knits
and Sri Lanka for underwear. Those countries are under lockdowns. India is closed. There are -- we're not
allowed to -- our factories were not allowed to operate. And in Sri Lanka, we're partially open and factories
are operating, but capacity is an issue. So it really -- what's concerning to us is when these factories will
come out of those lockdowns and how they will open and how fast scheduling is that they'll open in the
first week of June.

So it's coming up quickly, and we'll have greater visibility in the next couple of weeks. As to some moving
goods, it really isn't just airfreight. We have many different modes of expedited freight. So we can use
faster ships, believe it or not, our airfreight. We have found airfreight constrained. There were not a lot of
flights, but we are looking on certain product categories and underwear is particularly one where we can
get goods in quicker and the cost is not great. The goods are smaller in scale in terms of size, and we can
put quite a few into a packet. So each order is looked at individually and we manage just PO by PO.

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

And to Mike's point, that the projections of how we are taking up the year -- the guidance for the year. To
project the -- what's in that guidance is the current view we have on the supply chain situation. And if it
opens up sooner than what we expect, then we have an upside. Let's take the last question.

Operator

We can now take our final question from Ike Boruchow Wells Fargo.

Unknown Analyst

This is Will on for Ike. I just wanted to ask about -- it sounds like you're taking price across the Board,
across Tommy, across Calvin. What inning do you guys think you're in? And how -- what's sort of the
average price increase for the products?

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Well, it's hard to say which inning because I see it as a continuous work that we have to -- when we
continuously drive brand relevance with the young consumer, we are also driving our ability to drive

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

PVH CORP. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

revenue with increased pricing power. And then how we do that is that we break it down into the different
product categories and different Hero products. So it's -- that's overall, we are early on the journey of
driving pricing power and margin expansion. And this is a job that we will continue for many years. It's
part of our growth algorithm.

Unknown Analyst

Got it. That's helpful. And just to dig in a little bit more on Omar's question, you obviously have these
significant tailwinds at like this outsized expansion in 1Q. Can you just frame how we should think about
gross margin going forward? How much of these tailwinds or transitory? How much is structural? Is it half
of it? Is it half? Is it 2/3? Can you just sort of frame out how we should think about gross margin and how
sustainable it is?

Michael A. Shaffer
Executive VP and Chief Operating & Financial Officer

Sure. Look, I think the guide on gross margin is a couple of hundred basis points up over the prior year.
I think somebody called it out earlier, operating margins, call it, 7.5% to 8%. So pretty much flat to 0
operating margins last year. So half of that is coming through as gross margin improvement, going from
the 0 to the 8%, so call it, 350 to 400 basis points kind of improvement. So that's for the year. As you
think about it by quarter, the first quarter was a big part, but we are going to be up in every quarter as we
work through quarters 2, 3 and 4. So I think that puts in the box for you.

Stefan Larsson
CEO & Director

Just building on that is when we look at the gross margin rate improvements that we plan for the
remainder of the year and onwards is there is an international piece, there is a product strength piece, and
there is a planning and buying to and closer to demand piece.

All right. So with that, we thank you all for joining, and we look forward to reconnecting next quarter.

Operator
This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

PVH CORP. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 03, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

