Qorvo, Inc. NasdaqGS:QRVO
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 29, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

1.13

1.50

32.74

1.43

Revenue  (mm)

729.91

787.45

7.88

799.42

1.90

-

5.56

7.07

3165.35

3558.17

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-21-2020 11:00 AM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.30

1.68

1.36

1.13

1.52

1.86

1.57

1.50

16.92 %

10.71 %

15.44 %

32.74 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
QORVO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Douglas DeLieto
Vice President of Investor
Relations

James L. Klein
Corporate VP and President of
Infrastructure & Defense Products

Mark J. Murphy
Chief Financial Officer

Robert A. Bruggeworth
President, CEO & Director

Steven E. Creviston
Corporate VP & President of Mobile
Products

ANALYSTS

Rajvindra S. Gill
Needham & Company, LLC,
Research Division

Ambrish Srivastava
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

William Chapman Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Christopher Caso
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Craig Matthew Hettenbach
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Edward Francis Snyder
Charter Equity Research

Gary Wade Mobley
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Harsh V. Kumar
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

QORVO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Qorvo, Inc. Q1 2021 Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded.

At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Douglas DeLieto, Vice President of Investor
Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

Douglas DeLieto
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks very much. Hello, everybody, and welcome to Qorvo's Fiscal 2021 First Quarter Earnings
Conference Call.

This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause our actual
results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the safe
harbor statement contained in the earnings release published today as well as the risk factors associated
with our business in our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC because these risk factors may
affect our operations and financial results. In today's release and on today's call, we provide both GAAP
and non-GAAP financial results. We provide this supplemental information to enable investors to perform
additional comparisons of operating results and to analyze financial performance without the impact of
certain noncash expenses or other items that may obscure trends in our underlying performance.

During our call, our comments and comparisons to income statement items will be based primarily on
non-GAAP results. For a complete reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures, please refer to
our earnings release issued earlier today available on our website at qorvo.com under Investors. Joining
us today from multiple locations are Bob Bruggeworth, President and CEO; Mark Murphy, Chief Financial
Officer; James Klein, President of Qorvo's Infrastructure and Defense Products Group; Eric Creviston,
President of Qorvo's Mobile Products Group; as well as other members of Qorvo's management team.

And with that, I'll hand it over to Bob.

Robert A. Bruggeworth
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Doug, and welcome, everyone.

Qorvo began our fiscal year with an exceptional first quarter. Quarterly revenue, gross margin and EPS
were each well above guidance. IDP returned to robust year-over-year growth and represented a record
percentage of total Qorvo revenue. Infrastructure was especially strong. We increased our support for 5G,
specifically sub-6 gigahertz 5G massive MIMO deployments, and we achieved record GaN product revenue.
Also contributing were multiyear defense programs and the continued ramp of WiFi 6. In the smartphone
market, demand was more resilient than anticipated, and 5G smartphones represented an increasing
percentage of total units.

Looking more closely at 5G. We are in the early stages of a multiyear upgrade cycle, supporting growth
across both businesses. In Mobile Products, we are benefiting from the need for more and better RF,
fueled by higher front-end integration and increased complexity. This includes the move to higher
frequencies, the addition of new band combinations and the adoption of dual transmit architectures to
support 5G. Content expansion and increased complexity supporting 5G architectures favor our design
expertise and technologies at scale.

We are securing broad-based design wins for our most highly integrated low, mid-/high and ultrahigh band
solutions, in some cases, supplying customers the entire main path. We are seeing increased demand for
our BAW-based multiplexing solutions across a range of baseband -- across a range of band combinations.
While smartphone units are forecast to be down over 10% year-over-year, RF content expansion in 5G

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

QORVO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

devices of approximately $5 to $7 is mitigating the impact of fewer units. For the year, we continue to
expect approximately 250 million 5G smartphones globally.

In infrastructure, our opportunities in small signal devices like LNAs are growing in line with the increase in
massive MIMO antenna elements, while revenue related to GaN PAs is added content. Our GaN leadership
and infrastructure is built on decades of advanced technology development, commercial experience in
other markets and proven ability to scale. Globally, we expect 5G base station deployments to outpace the
initial deployments of 4G with over 0.75 million deployments this calendar year, growing to more than 1
million in 2021. In the U.S. and Europe, we see deployments picking up next year, adding to this multiyear
investment cycle by the carriers. This will drive strength in IDP given our technologies, design capabilities
and operational excellence.

In the June quarter, infrastructure revenue was a record, and we secured record design wins in support
of ongoing 5G base station deployments. We also began sampling GaN amplifiers for upcoming C-band
spectrum allocations in the United States.

It's been over a year now since we added our programmable power management business, and the team
is doing a great job of driving growth across diversified markets. During the June quarter, we ramped a
programmable power management solution, along with a WiFi 6 front-end module, for the leading drone
manufacturer, enabling longer flight times, greater range and larger payload. We also ramped shipments
of programmable power management and motor control solutions, improving the efficiency of solid-state
drives in places like data centers and enabling brushless motors used in a range of consumer products.

In the future, we see opportunities for our power management technologies in defense and other markets.
We delivered a strong quarter in GaN for the defense market, led by radar programs, and we signed
several long-term agreements with the defense primes, firming up our expectations for double-digit
growth in defense this fiscal year. We were also awarded design wins for an integrated GaN multichip
broadband transmit/receive module and a 50-watt GaN power amplifier for defense radar programs. These
wins are notable as Qorvo is supplying more integrated solutions into the defense market.

In connectivity, we experienced continued strong demand for WiFi 6 products, including front-end modules
and BAW filters, driven by work-from-home trends. We commenced shipments of our integrated ultralow
power, multi-protocol, ZigBee, BLE and Thread IoT solution, supporting one of the largest providers of
smart home infrastructure solutions.

We requested an emergency use authorization from the FDA for COVID-19 antibody testing using Qorvo
Biotechnologies platform. This innovative device features unique sensor technology and is designed to
address the needs of medical clinicians for rapid and accurate results. On the same technology platform,
we also received initial production orders for our biosensor platform for high-sensitivity veterinary point-
of-care applications.

Turning to Mobile Products. We supported multiple production ramps and benefited broadly from
integration trends at multiple customers. Revenue was diversified across categories, including modules
integrating PAs, switches, BAW and SAW filters as well as antennaplexers, antenna tuners and specialized
RF power management. We were selected by a leading Korea based smartphone manufacturer to supply
a highly integrated high band solution for this year's flagship smartphone. We are also supplying an
innovative antennaplexer solution that addresses antenna network complexity and optimizes system
efficiency for an upcoming foldable smartphone.

Across our customers, we are engaged on the most critical 5G challenges and enabling them to introduce
innovative new designs, enhanced performance and bring products to market faster. At multiple Android
smartphone manufacturers, we captured the complete main path, including low band, mid-/high band
and ultrahigh band modules for upcoming 5G smartphone launches. We supported customers across all
major chipset providers and notably began production shipments in support of leading customers using
MediaTek's 5G basebands.

In Ultra-Wideband, we commenced high-volume shipments of our UWB solutions, enabling superior
accuracy and reliability in contact tracing and social distancing applications for numerous customers

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

QORVO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

globally. As an example, we are working with Kinexon, whose safe zone tag is being used by the NBA and
the NFL in their training camps. Qorvo's UWB technology delivers a short burst of energy spread over
a large bandwidth to precisely measure the distance between Ultra-Wideband-enabled devices. We are
interacting very closely with the mobile community, and we are actively engaged across other applications,
including automotive and IoT.

In power management, we increased shipments of mobile power management solutions driven by the
adoption of 4G/5G dual transmit and the associated complexity it introduces. Across our markets, Qorvo
is advancing a range of best-in-class technologies, supporting our customers with a broad set of high
performance and highly integrated solutions.

Our R&D investments and product and technology road maps are aligned closely with our customers and
with long-term market drivers. The same can be said for our recent acquisitions. The June quarter marked
our first full quarter for Custom MMIC and Decawave in just over a year since acquiring Active-Semi. The
integration activities are progressing nicely, and the teams are performing extremely well.

Before handing the call over to Mark, I'll briefly address some of the active measures we continue to take
in light of COVID-19. Qorvo is operating under enhanced safety protocols to keep our employees and
operations safe while supporting our customers. In addition to social distancing practices, temperature
scanning and restrictions on travel and site visits, we conduct rigorous screening and quarantine processes
for suspected or confirmed cases. Thanks to these and other efforts, we've experienced no material
disruptions in our business or operations.

Our design teams are releasing best-in-class products. Our sales and application engineers are designing
our solutions into our customers' next-generation products, and our factories are operating well. I'm
extremely proud of the Qorvo team and thank them for their ongoing efforts. In summary, we're pleased
with our financial and operating performance in the June quarter, and we are confident in our outlook for
September.

And with that, I'll hand the call over to Mark.

Mark J. Murphy
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Bob, and good afternoon, everyone.

Qorvo's revenue for the June or first quarter of fiscal '21 was $787 million, $57 million above the midpoint
of our guidance on stronger-than-expected demand in both our Mobile Products and Infrastructure and
Defense Products segments.

Mobile Products revenue of $468 million exceeded our expectation as handset demand remain more
resilient and global supply chain disruptions less impactful than we anticipated at the time of our guide.
In the September quarter, we expect mobile to increase sequentially driven by new handset launches and
increased content due to -- due primarily to the adoption of 5G.

Infrastructure and Defense Products revenue increased to $319 million, over 40% of the company's
revenue, as the ongoing build-out of 5G networks drove demand, and we successfully ramped new GaN
products. During the quarter, IDP returned to robust year-over-year growth, and we expect IDP to sustain
healthy double-digit year-over-year growth through the year with strength in 5G, WiFi and defense.

Non-GAAP gross margin in the June quarter was 48.6%, which was 110 basis points over our guidance
due to lower-than-expected manufacturing costs and favorable mix effects. Our efforts to improve the
portfolio and drive productivity are yielding favorable results, and we expect this progress to continue as
we are forecasting approximately 50% gross margin in the September quarter.

Non-GAAP operating expenses in the June quarter were $179 million and lower than expected due in part
to spend discipline on discretionary activities. Non-GAAP net income in the June quarter was $175 million,
and diluted earnings per share of $1.50 was $0.37 above the midpoint of our May guidance.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

QORVO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Cash flow from operations in the June quarter was $214 million, and CapEx was $30 million, yielding free
cash flow of $184 million. We repurchased $75 million of shares during the quarter. We continue to invest
ahead of customer and market needs while sustaining responsible capital return.

During the June quarter, we raised over $300 million through an add-on to our 2029 unsecured notes,
augmenting liquidity and further extending the weighted average maturity of our outstanding debt to
October of 2027. Our leverage remains low, and we have no near-term maturities.

We ended the quarter with $1.1 billion of cash and an untapped $300 million unsecured revolver. With
this financial flexibility, we can focus on advancing technology, supporting customers and making prudent
organic and inorganic investments that support long-term earnings and free cash flow growth.

As Bob mentioned, our recent acquisitions have been integrated quickly and are performing well. On Ultra-
Wideband, we see a wide array of applications emerging with this wireless technology and have significant
customer engagement on the design of new products and solutions. We expect this business and our
MEMS technology acquisition to contribute meaningfully to Qorvo over time.

Our other recent acquisitions are already accretive. Custom MMIC, a bolt-on to our IDP segment,
exceeded plan in its first full quarter and further strengthens our defense and aerospace franchise.
Programmable power management, serving customers' advanced power management needs is delivering
in line with our expectations and is on track to grow revenues strong double digits this quarter versus the
same period last year.

Turning to our current quarter outlook. We expect revenue between $925 million and $955 million. Non-
GAAP gross margin of approximately 50% and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.90 at the
midpoint of our guidance. As mentioned in the guidance section of our press release, our fiscal year
2021 is a 53-week fiscal year, and our September quarter is a 14-week quarter versus a typical 13-
week quarter. Our last 14-week quarter occurred in September of 2015, our fiscal '16, which was the last
53-week fiscal year reported. Our current quarter revenue outlook reflects the additional week, strong
sequential growth in mobile and over 50% year-over-year growth in IDP.

In mobile, demand for 5G is adding more complex parts and driving higher content, and we forecast
revenue in the current quarter to be approximately $640 million. In IDP, we project the business to be
approximately $300 million in the current quarter, reflecting the timing of base station deployments.
We do forecast IDP to sustain strong year-over-year growth through the year as infrastructure demand
remains robust and defense, WiFi and power management strengthen. While there is considerable
economic uncertainty associated with the ongoing effort -- effects of the pandemic, currently, we expect
end market demand to support full fiscal year revenue growth for Qorvo.

Our September quarter gross margin guide of approximately 50% reflects volume growth and ongoing
efforts to improve the quality and efficiency of our business. Specifically, we've invested early and
adequately in the technologies that markets need, focused our product portfolio on where we can best
serve customers, gained productivity across our operations and reduced our capital intensity. Recognizing
that a potential impact to our demand and supply chain remains given the uncertainty due to the
pandemic, we believe our work to minimize inventories and reduce our cost structure will help us sustain
approximately 50% gross margin through the balance of the year.

Non-GAAP operating expenses are projected to increase in the September quarter to approximately
$207 million due to the additional week in the quarter, higher personnel costs including raises, increased
product development activities and the resumption of some discretionary spend. Excluding the additional
week, OpEx to be closer to $196 million for the quarter, and we expect OpEx to remain below that level for
the balance of the year.

Other expense will increase to over $20 million driven by the full quarter effect of the net interest
charge from debt added in June. We expect our current quarter and full year non-GAAP tax rate to be
approximately 8%. We project capital expenditures to remain below $200 million in fiscal '21 and focused
on BAW, GaN and other areas, which advance a differentiated position for Qorvo to best serve customer
needs.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

QORVO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

As the June quarter results and our September quarter outlook show, Qorvo continues to operate well
through a challenging period while serving customers in 5G infrastructure and smartphones, WiFi, IoT,
defense and other growth markets. In closing, I'd like to join Bob in thanking Qorvo employees for their
efforts during this time.
Now I'll turn the call back over to the operator for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

QORVO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll hear first today from Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo.

Gary Wade Mobley
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I wanted to ask about how that extra week in the September quarter may impact your seasonal
expectations for the December quarter, if math works out correctly, that might be roughly a $60 million
impediment to what would normally be a seasonally up December quarter. So maybe if you can help us
think about that December quarter.

Mark J. Murphy
Chief Financial Officer

Gary, it's Mark. You're right. The effect is about -- it's over $65 million. Adjusted, the quarter -- September
quarter would be around $873 million or so. And so even without the additional week, it's still a very
strong quarter for us. We're up over 10% sequential for that adjusted number, and we're going to be just
under 10% year-over-year.

Gary Wade Mobley
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. As my follow-up, I wanted to ask about sort of the emergence of the mid-tier in 5G, in particular, in
China. And so maybe if you can just walk us through under a scenario where the sub-$600 portion of the
smartphone market becomes a leading driver in the second half of the year for 5G mobile handset sales,
in particular, in China, how this plays out for Qorvo.

Steven E. Creviston
Corporate VP & President of Mobile Products

Sure. This is Eric. I'll be happy to take that. We said previously, and it's still true today that we're seeing
this $5 to $7 worth of content adder for any 5G phone, and that's holding even as you go into the mid-
tier. You're coming off a smaller base of content, obviously, but the 5G adder is still roughly the same.
So as a percentage, it's actually quite a bit more of an increase. And while you might expect that there
could be less integrated, more discrete implementations to save cost, the fact is that most of the band
combinations and requirements are the same.

And so the fully integrated solution just offers an awful lot of value with time to market given all the
complexity. And so we're seeing just a lot of design activity across the tiers. We brought out [ RF Fusion
20 ] this year, absolutely industry-leading, best-in-class performance, highly integrated, full band
coverage, low band, mid-/high and ultrahigh bands, integrated shielding. So the parts are already
shielded. You put them down, you don't have any sort of issues with interference. Integrated the LNAs
now as well.

So when you look at that capability, just a few placements to have a complete 5G phone RF section,
regardless of the tier, it's a very, very compelling offering.

Operator

We'll hear next from Bill Peterson with JPMorgan.

William Chapman Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Congratulations on the results and the strong guide. My first question is a follow-up to the question on
China. And it sounds like you have a lot of wins that are now across multiple devices for the full main

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

QORVO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

path. But I guess in the past, you've had really good content in phones, and sometimes the phones don't
sell as well. So trying to get a feel for the breadth of your design wins, maybe in which cases you might
just have the mid-/high in some cases or other parts. Try to get a feel for the breadth of your design wins
here for the phones launching in the back half of the year in China.

Steven E. Creviston
Corporate VP & President of Mobile Products

Yes. Sure, Bill. This is Eric again. It's actually quite broad. With our [ Fusion 20 ] portfolio, we're talking
about this year, we're engaged with every single 5G baseband. Our parts are universal. So they can be
used with all the 5G basebands on the market today. We're engaged with every Android customer with
this portfolio. In some cases, we are doing maybe just the ultrahigh band section or the high band or low
band, but in many cases, we are looking at the full solution. But the very same parts are seeing design
traction broadly across all 5G Android customers.

William Chapman Peterson
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. My second question is for James. James, huge upside. I was hoping you could help us understand
where the upside came in June and where you see the upside here in September. I presume infrastructure,
but if you can rank the -- you said defense was strong and some of the other areas. Help us rank where
the upside was coming from and expected to come from here in the September quarter.

James L. Klein
Corporate VP and President of Infrastructure & Defense Products

Yes. Thanks, Bill. In the first quarter, we continue to have significant ramps in both 5G and in WiFi 6.
We supported both of these markets with a really broad set of products, including GaN power amplifiers
and driver modules, integrated front-end modules, BAW filters and numerous discrete products. And we
supported a broad set of customers in both of those markets. GaN power amplifiers are a great example of
one of the ramps. We brought a broad set of products to the market to support 5G, different frequencies,
different power levels and supporting different customers. And our GaN revenue for the quarter doubled
from what it was at the same time last year.

WiFi 6 products were also doing very well in both the retail and set-top box markets, and we believe a
large part of that is due from work from home. So we've seen strength particularly in the high-end retail
space. Defense stayed a good foundation for the business. And as we move into Q2, we'll see a similar
type story. We'll continue the ramp in WiFi 6. Defense will also pick up quite a bit again based on some of
those long-term supply agreements that we -- that Bob talked about in his earlier comments.

The base station business itself will also be very strong in Q2. We will start to see that come down a bit in
Q3 as we finish calendar year '20 deployments, and then we expect that to ramp back up as we move into
our fiscal Q4 to support the calendar year '21 deployments.

Operator

We move next to Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler.

Harsh V. Kumar
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Another one for James. James, you're very popular today. How come all of a sudden this massive
explosion of growth? Did you just have like a series of design wins that kicked in all simultaneously? Or
was it 1 or 2 customers that predominantly drove the upside?

James L. Klein
Corporate VP and President of Infrastructure & Defense Products

Yes. Well, thanks, Harsh, for the popularity. I appreciate it. We -- as I've been saying for the better part
of the year is I expected us to return to growth in about a year. And I couldn't be more proud of the broad

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

QORVO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

team here of designers and sales teams and the manufacturing folks that really allowed us to recover
the business from what was obviously a significant downturn for us about a year ago. So we've been
projecting this. I think it's fairly broad-based. Massive MIMO or 5G rollouts have been a really positive
for us. And I've talked about in the past that we see content gains about 10x on a MIMO base station
compared to conventional macro.

Now that uplift is because of element count and because also we now can supply the GaN power
amplifiers, where in the past, those would have been LDMOS. So we've picked up a tremendous amount
of content in 5G, and that's really helped drive the growth. But we're setting records in our WiFi space as
well with WiFi 6 coming on board over the last couple of quarters. This was our third consecutive quarter
of double-digit quarter-over-quarter growth in that part of the market.

Defense was a good foundation. And we don't talk about it, relatively small business, but our power
management business is doing very, very well, exceeding our expectations and growing in strong double
digits on top of everything else. So I think we've just got a great portfolio, some great technologies. And
the markets have aligned fairly well for us.

Harsh V. Kumar
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Okay. And then for my follow-up, a question for Mark or Bob, margins of 50%, truly, truly fantastic to see
that. And you're actually calling, I think if I heard it correctly, that neighborhood for the rest of the year,
correct me if I'm wrong there. But what -- again, the uptake of roughly 140 basis points, how much of
that is mix? And how much of that is just simply straight up utilization?

Mark J. Murphy
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So Harsh, your -- yes, I think, first of all, we're really pleased to hit a milestone, which you know has
been dogging us for some time. Yes. And I think, if you go back a couple of years, we had a lackluster
mobile handset volume period, and then we had Huawei, and then we had the pandemic. And so there
were just a series of headwinds that kept us from that milestone. It took us a bit longer than we thought,
but we were confident we were going to get there.

We feel that we're doing the right things, and we're going to continue doing these things, investing in
the technology, managing our portfolio the right way where we're most valued by customers, driving
productivity very hard. And I've got to certainly complement Paul Fego and his team for just a tremendous
job, doing all the things around cycle time improvement and the wafer expansions, and we shut down
a facility and -- seamlessly and die shrinks. I can go on and on. But we're seeing those results in the
number, so it's real. And we're making real progress despite the headwinds we've had.

So -- and then finally, we've reduced capital intensity, and you've seen that pretty dramatically for us.
We're not constrained in growth. We've just been very selective about what we're doing and being smart
about how we expand and get more out of the assets that we have.

On the walk from Q1 to Q2, it's partly the -- we still have some period costs, Harsh. We still have Farmers
Branch period cost, and we have some idle equipment. So the higher revenue helps us in the sense that
those period costs are a smaller percent of higher revenue. So that helps us a bit on the margin. Most of
the rest of it is lower manufacturing costs. So my point earlier about Paul and his team, excellent spend
control. This higher volume gives us better absorption, and the mix is such that we have good absorption.
And then finally, we had very good test yields as we look from this new forecast.

As we look out rest of the year, our inventories are in a really good spot. We -- our inventory only ticked
up a little bit sequentially fourth to first quarter, and we -- our turns are sort of historical levels, so they
don't look bad. I'm never going to say we're pleased with our inventories, but they're -- they've been
managed, and the channel is very healthy. So that's important. So that gives us confidence that we're
running the operation lean. We have a little bit of flexibility, but there's a healthy tension in our business
between trying to keep costs down and trying to keep inventories low, trying to keep the fabs level loaded.
I mean there's a healthy dynamic that occurs here that we think we've been playing okay.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

QORVO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

So having said all that, if the market holds up and the mix is what we think it will be, then -- or favorable,
we have a high degree of confidence in 50% or approximately 50%. If the market softens in the back
half or somewhat worse than anticipated on mix, then we would be on the south side of 50%. But we feel
good, we're in that neighborhood, and we intend to stay there and actually expand margins.

Operator

And from Morgan Stanley, we'll move to Craig Hettenbach.

Craig Matthew Hettenbach
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Yes. On the wireless infrastructure front, can you touch maybe on the -- just the competitive landscape,
particularly your positioning within GaN? Is that helping, as that market really starts to take off, what
you're seeing competitively?

James L. Klein
Corporate VP and President of Infrastructure & Defense Products

Well, I think -- this is James. The dynamic is fairly similar to what we talked about in the prior quarters.
Our focus right now is just making sure that we've got best-in-class technology, and we continue to
innovate and drive technology, improve performance with our GaN, and then really focused on scale
and driving up our manufacturing capabilities, getting our yields up. And I think we proved that in this
quarter and again next quarter that we were able to go through a pretty aggressive ramp on these sub-5
gigahertz deployment, sub-6 gigahertz deployments. So that's been our focus. We'll continue to focus that
way.

I think on the small signal side, we've got a great set of competitors there as well, and we're doing the
same thing. We're just continuing to focus on innovation, bringing more highly integrated modules to play,
bringing BAW filters as an example into our mix in the infrastructure side. So I would say competition's
been fairly stable, and we're just focused on being able to bring innovative new products to the market
and ramp them quickly.

Craig Matthew Hettenbach
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. And then just a follow-up on the smartphone side as it relates to 5G. Can you talk about just what
you're seeing from an antenna tuning perspective and how that plays into some of your expectations
around content?

Steven E. Creviston
Corporate VP & President of Mobile Products

Sure. We've got, as you know, a lot of presence there, all around the antenna structures and with 5G, not
only because of the higher bandwidths, but also new bands, some coming in at even higher frequencies,
and the implications of running in dual transmit mode, where you're running on multiple bands at the
same time. When you put all that together, the antenna issues that our customers are struggling with just
continue to get exponentially worse every year, especially with 5G. So we're seeing just a tremendous
amount of interaction. We've got absolutely the best team in the world working on these solutions.

And it's not just the antenna tuning but also just the routing around all of these advanced antenna
structures, so an awful lot of like multiplexing in and out, what we're calling antennaplexers. Just a lot of
activity there. And of course, as you know, this is part of the industrial design. So it's not sort of part of
the modem proper. It's done after the fact as they're just getting the phones to market. So it's usually on
a very tight time schedule and working with some very unique expertise. But we've got a great team in
the field and a great team in product design, bringing absolutely state-of-the-art solutions to really a very
serious problem that our customers have.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

QORVO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

We'll move next to Edward Snyder with Charter Equity Research.

Edward Francis Snyder
Charter Equity Research

A couple of questions. Eric, congratulations on the antennaplexers. Is this your first production launch of
that? And why shouldn't we expect margins on that part to be exceptional given it's probably just BAW in
the package? And is this driven by the 5G bands being added, especially the dual transmit, which kind of
marks up everything in the antenna side of it?

And then, James, GaN doubling year-over-year, which is surprising. Can you help clarify or remind us,
too, you do not have a license to ship GaN directly to Huawei, is that correct? And you do have ZTE as a
customer for GaN.

And then if I could, Mark, on the 50% gross margin, you said it's productivity efficiency in production. But
it would sound like given the modules you're shipping into module -- into high-end smartphones now that
include just about everything and James' increased use of both GaN and BAW there, wouldn't mix start
becoming a bigger issue in the move to 50-plus percent gross margin? Or is it you're just going to rely on
volume for a while?

Robert A. Bruggeworth
President, CEO & Director

Ed, thanks for your question. Eric, why don't you take part 1? James, you can take part 2. And Mark, you'll
take part 3.

Steven E. Creviston
Corporate VP & President of Mobile Products

All right. Sounds good. This is Eric, Ed. And yes, as you pointed out, antennaplexing is relatively new for
us. It is a category that's -- it's really, as I've just said in the previous answer, becoming really critical
for our customers. And we -- it comes down to really the filter R&D, and we're really hitting our stride
now in terms of the team getting out the latest technologies and band coverage. We've got very cost-
effective and very high-performance BAW filters across every single band now, even going up into
higher frequencies. And so then we developed the capability of multiplexing those into very high order
multiplexers that's driven by our main path modules. And then it's a short step from there into the
antennaplexing business essentially leveraging all of that work to get the multiplexing capability.

But it really comes down to absolute state of the art in BAW filter process technology. That's what's
enabling this. And as I said, we've got a lot of experience around the antenna sections of our customers'
phones. So we're very well placed to help them there.

Robert A. Bruggeworth
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Eric. James?

James L. Klein
Corporate VP and President of Infrastructure & Defense Products

So Ed, so we weren't surprised to see GaN double at all. We've been planning and ramping up for quite
some time. And again, I got to go back to really congratulating our team on the work that they've done.
But the direct answer to Huawei is, no, we don't have a license, and our deliveries to Huawei are pretty
much not material at this point in time, and that's an IDP comment.

And we are engaged with virtually all of the rest of the Tier 1s and Tier 2s in the space. I won't talk about
what we do with any particular ones, but we do see all of those customers moving towards massive MIMO
solutions. All of them are engaged in GaN. And so we're as confident as we ever have been that the
technology will continue to proliferate, that we will see big content pickups in this space. And that, that
will not just be a China story, but that'll continue as 5G proliferates around the rest of the world. So this is,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

QORVO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

we think, a long-term trend for us over the next 4 or 5 years as the networks get deployed everywhere in
the world.

Mark J. Murphy
Chief Financial Officer

So Ed, on gross margin, I hate to single one out as more important than the others because it's -- I
mean it really does take all of this to expand the margins in our view. And so we've spent a lot of time
on productivity and ops and all the programs over the years, and great efforts there. It's a critical part
of getting there. We've also, as you know, have gone through a lot around rightsizing our footprint and
making sure that incremental CapEx dollars are directed at the right place, and we're getting good return
for those.

But to your point, specifically on mix, that's why to us, it's really about the investments you make in
technology and when you make them and how you make them. And we feel like we've put ourselves in a
good position to compete where we want to compete. And that's where customers will value us the most,
where we bring the most differentiated products. And that's the portfolio management.

So we do have -- it's difficult to -- quarter-to-quarter depends on the comparison quarter and as to
how big an effect mix plays from quarter-to-quarter. But over the time here -- over the long term that
we've been expanding our margins, and we expect to continue to expand our margins, mix is playing an
important role.

Operator

We'll hear next from Chris Caso with Raymond James.

Christopher Caso
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

I guess first question would be what we should be thinking about with regard to seasonality for the
December quarter, and there's a few differences this year with the extra week that you have in the
September quarter. In addition, some of your peers have talked about seasonality timing differences
because of a flagship -- different timing of flagship ramp this year. Qualcomm talked about it on their
call this evening. And is that a factor for you we should be thinking about with regard to the December
quarter?

Mark J. Murphy
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Chris, it's Mark. I'll take that and then maybe just provide a bit more color on the year. It's been a
tough year for everyone, and there remains a lot of uncertainty. So I'll provide some general comments,
realizing that there's still a lot of risk, and we can't be too specific. I would certainly point everybody, as
always, to the risk factors in our K, which include the pandemic and trade. But on the second quarter, we
did put up a very strong guide, and we've been very clear that included that extra week for our 53-week
fiscal year because excluding that, it's still a very strong guide. And as we said -- as Gary asked at the
beginning, we're over $870 million for the second quarter.

As we look at December, we expect December to be down on an absolute basis, of course. But on an
adjusted basis, we would expect December to be roughly flat with the September quarter. And it's a
function of a few things. You've got -- IDP is going to be over $275 million through the back half each
quarter, but it's timing of infrastructure projects. And then in mobile, we'll see this normal seasonal ramp
into September, and then you'll have a normal March seasonal downtick as we have a plan now. And so
where December falls in that is tough to call at this point, but we think it's probably going to be roughly
flat for the September quarter adjusted.

As I mentioned, we expect to grow full year. I think as folks are thinking about that, keep in mind, we've
got one this extra week. I laid out the acquisition impact year-over-year on last quarter's call. So you
have that. And then we've had this good start to the first half of fiscal '21. And -- but I think given all the
uncertainty in the outlook and the broader macro, I think it's prudent to call below 5% year-over-year.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

QORVO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

I've talked about -- just kind of filling things out. We've covered gross margin, called approximately 50%
in the September quarter and then approximately 50% through the back half. And again, that's going to
be above or below that based on the strength of the broader economy, our end markets and the mix of the
business.

Christopher Caso
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

That's very helpful. If I could return to gross margin a bit and just the avoidance of doubt, you're talking
about 50% gross margin through the end of the calendar year, not the fiscal year, I assume.

Mark J. Murphy
Chief Financial Officer

That's a good question, Chris, and I'm glad you asked it. I was talking about the fiscal year.

Christopher Caso
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Fiscal year. Okay. Well, then that leads to another question, which is the elements of strength which allow
the gross margin to stay high in the March quarter despite seasonality. And then does that provide a
runway for gross -- for continued gross margin improvement as you go into fiscal '22?

Mark J. Murphy
Chief Financial Officer

Listen, we're constantly working, Chris, to expand gross margins and covered it at length in a previous
question. It depends on how well the markets hold up, of course, and our ability to absorb costs of our
factories and spend there. We're doing a good job of keeping CapEx down. So our footprint, we're very
sensitive to that. And then it matters, are we investing in the right technologies? We think we are. We
have the right capabilities to develop the most advanced products customers want. And then do -- are we
managing the portfolio in a way that we're winning business in the sockets we want to that are going to
bring the most value to customers and hopefully, with that, carry the margin.

Operator

We'll move on to Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.

Ambrish Srivastava
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Bob, I had a question on the total 5G units for the year. I thought I heard you say 250 million. That seems
to be on the high side, and I haven't seen what Qualcomm said. And so I was wondering, if that is indeed
the number you gave us, where are we year-to-date? And so how much is remaining? And I'm assuming
majority of that is -- a bulk of that is China.

And then for my follow-up for James, IDP is doing really well. Good to see it return back to growth, and
you seem pretty confident for the remainder of the year. It would be helpful if you could please give
us a rough breakout of what the business looks like today in terms of whether end markets or product
categories, however you choose to delineate within the business.

Robert A. Bruggeworth
President, CEO & Director

James, I'll go ahead and take the first part. In my prepared remarks, I did say that we expect 250 million
smartphones globally this year, consistent with what we said when we reported our March results. We
have seen many analysts that also cover the industries bringing their numbers up. We feel pretty good
about it. As far as the amount of subscribers to date, it's tracking in line with our model to potentially even
slightly ahead. So we still feel very good about our number of 250 million units this calendar year for 5G
and obviously significant growth as we look into the next year. James?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

QORVO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

James L. Klein
Corporate VP and President of Infrastructure & Defense Products

Yes. Typically, I don't want to break it out in great detail. But certainly, base station business remains to
be about 1/4 or so and growing at a pretty rapid pace as we go through the year. Defense is about 1/4.
Our IoT business is about 1/4, and then we have various other markets that we serve that represent
the rest of the business. Definitely, we are growing faster this year in the 5G space around wireless
infrastructure. So that, that will start to take a larger and larger part of the business as we go through the
year.

Operator

And from Needham & Company, we'll move to Raji Gill.

Rajvindra S. Gill
Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division

Just going back to the great traction in GaN. I'm wondering if you could describe kind of the market
towards GaN adoption in China as well as outside of China, the shift from -- away from LDMOS to GaN
base stations. What's been the traction there? Obviously, you're kind of well positioned with the major
Chinese base station vendor. What's your positioning or your view on GaN adoption outside of China and
your ability to kind of leverage your technology in those markets?

James L. Klein
Corporate VP and President of Infrastructure & Defense Products

Yes. Great question. Probably the best way to think about GaN adoption today is, one, very, very broad-
based really across all of the customer base. All the OEMs are evaluating GaN or implementing GaN in
some version or another. What's driving big adoption today is really the 5G deployments that are using
massive MIMO antennas. So antenna element counts are significantly up. And for the first time, I think,
last year, we saw massive MIMO antenna elements actually become a larger amount of the transceivers
than macro, and the vast majority of those are using GaN today. So I think that's what's been driving the
adoption is 5G and the shift to massive MIMO. It is definitely broad-based in what's going on in China.
I would say most of the base stations that are getting deployed with this 5G rollout in China are using
GaN, especially those that are in frequencies up around 2.6 or 3.5, which is a good share of what's getting
deployed.

If you go to the rest of the world, again, pretty much every OEM, Tier 1, Tier 2s are in progress of
designing GaN solutions into their portfolio. So I do think that this trend will continue. And how many base
stations are of what configuration as we go out over the next 4 or 5 years, I don't think it's completely
clear. But we definitely do see GaN as a continued growth for the business. And we do see that the MIMO
antennas, we'll also continue to adopt at an ever-increasing rate. And I think that'll hold for the whole
world.

Rajvindra S. Gill
Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division

And just a follow up on the GaN. So your -- my understanding is your expertise is kind of low power,
sub-10 watt. I wanted to get a sense in terms of your road map to high power, high wattage and what the
competitive landscape exists in those markets.

James L. Klein
Corporate VP and President of Infrastructure & Defense Products

Yes. Today, we've got products in the base station market that serve both the 8- and 16-watt slot. So I
would say that's certainly where we've centered our focus today and really because that's where we've
seen the biggest part of the market. We also are working on additional technology developments that
will really help us compete more heavily in really 2 aspects in base station, one, much higher levels of
integration, which we see coming, and then also to be able to get into the high-power spots in macro.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

QORVO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

So we are developing those technologies and certainly expect to play in those parts of the market as we
continue to expand.

Now from a power perspective, you can tell from our defense-related comments over the last few quarters
that we definitely have experience in very, very high power. We started in the defense business. We've
developed very high voltage and very high products -- high-power products for years. So we understand
how to deal with the thermals, how to deal with the high current load, those sort of things. So definitely,
we will move in that space. We want to make sure we were focused on MIMO because we saw that as the
biggest content gain in the market.

Operator

And at this time, I'd like to turn things back to management for any closing remarks.

Robert A. Bruggeworth
President, CEO & Director

Thank you for joining us on our call tonight. We will be presenting via webcast at upcoming investor
conferences, and we invite everyone to listen in. Thanks again, and have a good night.

Operator
And that does conclude today's conference. Again, thank you all for joining us.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

QORVO, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

