ResMed Inc. NYSE:RMD
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, August 05, 2020 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.08

1.33

23.15

0.98

4.51

4.76

5.54

4.69

755.01

770.34

2.03

708.10

2939.81

2957.01

0.59

3128.34

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-03-2020 12:26 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.87

1.03

1.08

1.08

0.93

1.21

1.29

1.33

6.90 %

17.48 %

19.44 %

23.15 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
RESMED INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Amy Wakeham
Vice President of Investor
Relations & Corporate
Communications

Brett A. Sandercock
Chief Financial Officer

David B. Pendarvis
Chief Administrative Officer, Global
General Counsel & Secretary

Michael J. Farrell
CEO & Director

Robert A. Douglas
President & COO

ANALYSTS

Andrew Goodsall
MST Marquee

Anthony Charles Petrone
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Brandon Vazquez
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

David Bailey
Macquarie Research

David A. Low
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Gretel Janu
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Hashan De Silva
CLSA Limited, Research Division

John Deakin-Bell
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Lyanne Harrison
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Matthew Ian Mishan
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Saul Hadassin
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Steven David Wheen
Evans & Partners Pty. Ltd.,
Research Division

Suraj Kalia
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

RESMED INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Q4 Fiscal Year 2020 ResMed Earnings Conference Call. My name is Cheryl, and I will be
your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]

Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Amy Wakeham, Vice
President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Amy, you may begin.

Amy Wakeham
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Great. Thank you, Cheryl. Good afternoon, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to ResMed's Fourth
Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Call. Thanks for joining us. The call is being webcast live and the replay,
along with a copy of the earnings press release and our updated investor presentation, will be available on
the Investor Relations section of our corporate website later today.

Joining me on the call today to discuss our quarterly results are CEO, Mick Farrell; and CFO, Brett
Sandercock. Other members of management will be available during the Q&A portion of the call.

During today's call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP
measures, please review the notes to today's earnings press release and earnings presentation.

As a reminder, our discussion today may include forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to,
expectations about ResMed's future performance. We believe these statements are based on reasonable
assumptions. However, our actual results may differ. You are encouraged to review our SEC filings for a
discussion of the risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-
looking statements made today.

With that, I'd like to go ahead and now turn the call over to Mick.

Michael J. Farrell
CEO & Director

Thanks, Amy, and thank you to all of our stakeholders for joining us today. During this global pandemic,
caused by a novel coronavirus and COVID-19, the disease state it leads to, I hope that you, your family
and your friends remain safe and healthy during these times.

Way back in early January, a ResMed employee, a ResMedian in Hubei province, China, put on a hazmat
suit and helped set up ventilators to provide the gift of breath to many thousands of people that turned
out in that city, while their immune systems fought against the first global cases of COVID-19 that ResMed
saw in Wuhan.

Since that time, 7 months ago, our global team has provided vital support globally to combat this
coronavirus, not just across China, but across Asia, then across Europe, across North America. And now
we are just starting to -- preparing to -- actually, we're in the midst of continuing that battle in Latin
America in, sub-Sahara and Africa and parts of the Middle East and Asia that still have that, what we call,
the peak impact ahead of them in terms of hospitalizations and ventilator needs.

So I noted in our call 90 days ago, our Q3 call, that we would do more to support the global community
and local health care systems with ventilators and ventilation mask systems across the 140 countries that
we serve.

During Q4, during this June quarter, we produced around 100,000 invasive and noninvasive ventilators,
including bilevel positive pressure ventilators. That brings our cumulative total to over 150,000 ventilators
that we produced since the beginning of calendar year 2020.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

RESMED INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

So we've delivered on our promise to triple our production. And in fact, if you take the period from
January 1 to June 30, for 2020, that is a 3.5x increase over the period for 2019, so 3.5x.

For our flagship ventilator, which is the Astral life support ventilator, we reached a peak of over 5x our
weekly production rate during the period. And we're still running at full capacity for the Astral to ensure
that ResMed is there for, what we call, preservation of life as the coronavirus continues to move around
the globe.

I'm particularly proud of the role that our supply chain, our manufacturing, our distribution and our tech
services teams have played during this coronavirus crisis, making sure that ResMed device and a complete
ventilation system was there at the bedside when someone needed help breathing as their immune
system fights against COVID-19.

So looking forward, we have built a sophisticated set of analytic capabilities, including an epidemiology
patient model that has helped us model the impacts of both the headwinds and the tailwinds that are part
of this COVID-19 crisis. And we have detailed scenarios of the impacts by city, by region, by country and
by ResMed business line.

Through all that analysis, I'm happy to say that we're confident in our ResMed ability to execute across the
full range of potential scenarios for all of our customers and for all of our global businesses.

The tailwinds for ventilation in the March quarter and the June quarter from both the ventilator devices
and the ventilation mask systems are starting to recede. And while we are still working on current and
future contracts with hospitals as well as city and national health authorities for these ventilators, the
volumes will be significantly lower in the September quarter for these ventilators.

At the same time, the headwinds we experienced, especially in the June quarter, for our sleep apnea
and COPD patient flow and patient diagnosis are also receding. So people are starting to return for their
primary care physician visits. They're starting to return for their specialist physician visits. And we see the
system today growing from its nadir during the last period as we now see city-by-city and country-by-
country, the markets are coming back online.

So over the portfolio of 140 countries that we serve, we expect a gradual, sequential, quarter-to-quarter,
U-shaped recovery of patient flow to primary care physicians, sleep physicians as well as pulmonary
physicians that are treating COPD and asthma throughout fiscal year 2021.

We expect the expansion of home sleep apnea testing to continue. As it did during the crisis, we think it
will continue post the crisis. And we also expect a steady sort of sequential increase in sleep lab activity
and visits to the pulmonary specialists both in person and through telehealth, which has been expanding
rapidly under COVID. Additionally, some very early research into the post-COVID clinical world shows
that select patients who have recovered from COVID-19 may have lung damage, and some of them may
require long-term ventilator support. This is an additional area for focus for us, but I have to say it's very
early days in that area.

In my prepared remarks today, I will provide some insights into our Q4 and our full fiscal year 2020
business performance. I'll also recap our long-term strategy, our ResMed 2025 strategy and some
execution highlights against some of our key operating priorities as part of that strategy. Finally, I'll
discuss how we are advancing and learning in a post-COVID peak world, including how this pandemic
has accelerated 3 important trends: one, the importance of respiratory medicine; two, the importance of
digital health; and three, the importance of outside-hospital health care. These are 3 key elements of our
ResMed 2025 strategy that were in play well before the global pandemic. But these are 3 trends that have
accelerated during this pandemic, and we think the momentum will continue in a post-COVID world.

So to our business performance. We delivered strong revenue and earnings growth for the fourth quarter
and for the full fiscal year 2020. We had year-on-year annual 15% top line revenue growth to $3 billion
in annual revenue for ResMed. Our results reflect strong growth and positive momentum across our
innovative medtech portfolio and our market-leading digital health software solutions. We have grown
our global market footprint, finding new patients in the midst of a global pandemic, and we have driven
growth with recurring revenue from our installed base of sleep apnea patients. While our financial results

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

RESMED INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

in March and June have benefited from high demand for ventilation devices and lower operating costs, our
underlying core business of sleep apnea, COPD and asthma remains strong and well positioned for long-
term growth.

During fiscal year 2020, we generated $802 million of cash that allowed us to return $225 million of cash
dividends to you, our shareholders, while also investing in our future with a double-digit increase in R&D,
including clinical research, both digital and in person as well as design and digital innovation across our
sleep apnea, COPD, asthma and our Software as a Service businesses.

We have a full pipeline of innovative solutions that will generate both medium- and long-term growth
opportunities, with an industry-leading intellectual property portfolio of over 6,000 patents and designs.

Importantly, we have also seen significant growth in our digital health ecosystem. We now have over
6.5 billion nights of sleep and respiratory medical data in the Air Solutions platform. We have grown
connectivity to our digital health ecosystem by over 26% this fiscal year, and we now have over 12 million
100% cloud-connectable medical devices in the market. And we have around 14 million patients enrolled
in the AirView software solution.

Our digital health ecosystem is a competitive advantage for ResMed that offers innovative solutions as well
as integrated care to drive superior outcomes, better patient experiences and lower health care system
costs.

Our acquisition and continued investment and development of the Propeller platform has been a digital
health accelerant for ResMed.

Our recently announced commercial partnership with Novartis, which I will describe in more detail later
during the call, is a great example of this progress with Propeller.

During the last 12 months, we have improved 16 million lives by providing a person with a device or
complete mask system to help them breathe. Importantly, the ability to help these patients on their
individual journey to better sleep and better breathing is powered by the over 6.5 billion nights of medical
data in our ecosystem. These data form a significant competitive advantage as they enable us to perform
sophisticated analytics and drive actionable insights to benefit all of our customer groups, including the
patients most importantly, but also improving workflows for physicians, for providers, for payers and for
full health care systems.

Fundamentally, we believe the future of health care delivery is outside the hospital. That's where ResMed
competes today, and that's where we win today. Globally, there are 936 million people with sleep apnea.
There are over 380 million people who suffer from COPD, and there are over 340 million people living with
asthma. They all need our help, and they all want that help at home, definitely not in a hospital.

Our SaaS business is 100% focused on out-of-hospital care, leveraging the global trend for seniors to age
in place. We think this trend will accelerate in a post COVID world. ResMed can provide seamless care for
our portfolio of out-of-hospital care settings, including home medical equipment, skilled nursing facilities,
senior living, life plan communities, home health, hospice as well as home care services.

COVID-19 has accelerated the rapid adoption of digital health technologies, the recognition of the value
of remote monitoring, virtual diagnosis and the evolution of global reimbursement models in the field of
digital health. This acceleration of digital health adoption represents a significant medium- to long-term
tailwind for our business. These 3 trends, the increased importance of respiratory medicine, the increased
importance of digital health and the increased importance of out-of-hospital health care will help ResMed
achieve our goal to improve 250 million lives by 2025.

So on to our operating priorities. We have 3 operating priorities that guide our daily focus here at ResMed.

Number one is to grow and differentiate our core sleep apnea, COPD and asthma businesses across global
markets. With over 1.6 billion people across these 3 chronic disease states, we know that delivering our
innovative solutions to these underpenetrated markets is our clear number one priority.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

RESMED INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Our number two priority is to design, develop and deliver world-leading medical devices as well as digital
health technology solutions to better engage physicians, providers and payers as well as patients so that
we can improve clinical outcomes so we can reduce costs, and we can enhance the patient experience.

Our number three priority is to innovate and grow the world's best seamless software solutions for care
that is delivered outside the hospital.

We think ResMed is uniquely positioned to deliver on these 3 priorities. So I'll quickly walk through some
examples of innovation in each of these priorities, and then we'll hand over to Brett and go to Q&A.

In our core market of sleep apnea, we launched, what we call, the ResMed MaskSelector into our U.S.
geography. The ResMed MaskSelector is a digital health technology to make remote patient mask selection
and sizing both easier and more effective, helping the patient themselves receive the care they need from
home. We think that this is the digital solution to help our home medical equipment or HME customers
in their challenge to find the right mask for each patient when they can't physically touch them due to
physical distancing during COVID-19.

We are providing this solution at no charge during the coronavirus public health emergency. However, we
think this technology's efficiency and benefits for both providers and patients will last well beyond the
pandemic.

Digital tools like this as well as capabilities, including video support for doctors and their patients as well
as remote mask patient fittings, have seen good application during COVID-19. Combined with our mask
resupply solutions, including SnapWorx, AeroCare and Brightree resupply, we have delivered solid mask
growth.

In terms of new patient flow, the COVID lockdowns have had a significant impact on our business. We
saw double-digit declines in new sleep apnea patient flow across all markets that experienced lockdowns.
Individual cities, regions and countries had unique approaches to any lockdown and reopening processes.
For instance, today, in Germany, we stand at more than 85% of pre-COVID sleep lab capacity already
up and running. Whereas in China, at the other end of the spectrum, we stand at 50% of pre-COVID
diagnostic capacity in that geography. Most of the other 140 countries that we sell into around the world
fall somewhere between those 2 extremes. In big countries like the U.S., it's a story of 50 states with
unique models, again, as a spectrum between these boundary conditions. The average in the United
States is probably somewhere in that 70% of diagnostic capability but some states will be closer to the
60% range, and some will be closer to the 75% range.

As I stated earlier, we expect a steady, sequential, quarter-by-quarter, sort of U-shaped recovery of the
sleep apnea, COPD and asthma patient flow throughout fiscal 2021.

Clearly, a highly effective vaccine or a highly efficacious treatment for COVID-19 could, of course, turn
that U-shape into a dramatic V-shaped recovery. However, we are not counting on that. And an event like
that remains upside from what we call our expected or likely case scenario.

In terms of execution in our second key disease state of COPD and our ventilation solutions for COPD and
other lung conditions, we launched our cloud-based remote monitoring software called AirView for our
ventilator solutions in Europe, including the Astral product, the Stellar ventilator and the Lumis ventilator.

Through AirView, clinicians and care providers can now remotely monitor their patient's respiratory rate as
well as their blood oxygen saturation. These are 2 critical indicators for a respiratory patient's condition.
We accelerated the delivery of this technology for clear and urgent needs during the pandemic. However,
this enhanced AirView capability, providing insights across European ventilation patient populations will
provide differentiation for ResMed through the clinical value for physicians and better outcome for patients
in perpetuity.

In terms of execution in our third key disease state of asthma, ResMed has partnered with Novartis to
co-package the Propeller solution and digital platform with the new triple-action asthma medication in a
brand called Enerzair Breezhaler. This novel combination has been cleared by the European Commission
for launch. The Propeller sensor attaches to the new inhaler from Novartis and its new medication where

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

RESMED INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

it can collect medication usage data. The app works both as an adherence measure that gives the patient
reminders to take their medication, but also as a means of collecting information about the patient's
medical condition to help their physician provide even better care to the patient. This is a breakthrough
innovation as it is the first time a respiratory medicine has been co-packaged with a digital health platform
and co-prescribed.

The benefits of this combination are tremendous for the patient. It's a simple and convenient way to have
a fully integrated experience to allow them to better live with their chronic disease, to better live with
asthma with no incremental cost to the patient. This brand-new approval is a new-to-the-world technology
that will accelerate the adoption of digital health in the respiratory medicine space and will help us identify
other innovative opportunities to combine our Propeller tech with medicine delivery.

This new Novartis partnership follows our announcement in May that the Propeller sensor and an app
gained 510(k) U.S. 510(k) clearance for use with the SYMBICORT inhaler for both asthma and COPD
patients from AstraZeneca. This sensor is built to fit various inhalers and their generic equivalents.
Propeller's cloud-based system tracks medication usage of the SYMBICORT from these inhalers through
a smartphone app, which patients can use to paint a clearer picture of their disease control for their
clinicians.

These new partnerships with both Novartis and AstraZeneca and previously announced collaborations with
Orion as well as Boehringer Ingelheim expand the potential reach of Propeller's technology to around 90%
of inhaled medicines for both asthma and COPD in the United States.

We believe that this represents a significant upside opportunity for the expansion of the Propeller platform
in the U.S. market, but also around the world as the benefits of digital health grow and move around the
world.

So before I transition to details of our Software as a Service business, I'd like to recap briefly why the
SaaS business is integral to ResMed's long-term strategy to provide seamless transitions between hospital
care and post-acute care or as we call it here at ResMed, out-of-hospital care because we don't think you
have to go to hospital to get good care outside the hospital.

Our vision is to enable a system where a patient's health data moves with them as they transition care
settings, giving providers the information they need to deliver personalized care and saving the person
and the caregiver, both time and money. We are focused on leveraging our competitive advantage as the
only long-term strategic player with solutions that span across these 7 important out-of-hospital health
care verticals, home medical equipment, skilled nursing facilities, senior living, life plan communities,
home health, hospice as well as home care services.

During the quarter, our Software as a Service business grew 7% compared to the year ago period. We are
integrating and optimizing the out-of-hospital SaaS portfolio to support long-term growth. We continue
to believe that the long-term weighted average growth of these SaaS verticals that we're in is in the high
single digits. The COVID-19 market impact has particularly affected the skilled nursing facility census
levels in that vertical that we serve. We believe this impact will continue over the next several quarters,
moving the weighted average market growth of these verticals to the mid-single-digit range for our SaaS
businesses for that period with a return to high single digits as we start to see other analogous things,
such as elective surgeries and hospital discharges return to their normal rates, at which time, we believe
that market's weighted average market growth rate will return to the high single digits.

Our goal here at ResMed is always to not just meet but to beat that market growth through delivery of
superior market-leading solutions.

Turning to more details of our SaaS business performance during the quarter. We've been pleased with
the early impact of SnapWorx technology, which we acquired in February. As we discussed on our last
earnings call, SnapWorx provides patient contact management and workflow optimization for sleep
apnea resupply for our HME customers. The timing of this acquisition couldn't have been better. With
COVID-19, our HME customers have been increasingly focused on resupply and better tech to interact with
patients in a no-touch, noncontact world. The combination of SnapWorx as well as AeroCare and Brightree

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

RESMED INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

resupply, and all of these 3 technologies are under our Brightree brand, they provide the strongest suite of
resupply solutions available in the market, period. This technology is important to our customers, to their
patients as well as to our internal SaaS business and our core sleep apnea business, driving both patient
engagement and better outcomes as well as revenue growth.

In October 2019, we announced that ResMed entered into an agreement with Cerner Corporation to help
clinicians make more informed treatment decisions, control costs and deliver seamless care across health
care systems. We have now integrated our Brightree-branded home health and hospice platform with the
Cerner Electronic Health Record or EHR. This partnership is performing above our expectations for both
Cerner and for ResMed, and we anticipate opportunities to deepen and expand this collaboration as we
continue to work together.

In summary, the SaaS portfolio is performing well and remains an important driver of our digital
transformation of health care in settings outside the hospital.

The COVID headwinds in the near term will recede, and we will continue to invest now and in the future
in research and development to make sure that ResMed has the best solutions for long-term growth and
market leadership.

The future of health care delivery is outside the hospital. COVID-19 has accelerated that, and we here at
ResMed are well positioned to capitalize on it.

Our diversified solution portfolio and capabilities are arrayed against a compelling and expanding market
opportunity in sleep apnea, COPD, asthma and out-of-hospital SaaS. Through the first 7 months of
this COVID-19 crisis and this calendar year, we have maintained strong growth through our effective
execution, our breakthrough innovation, our recurring revenue businesses as well as margin expansion
driven by our global operating excellence programs.

While we look forward to moving COVID-19 into the rear view mirror, there are beneficial trends it has
accelerated, which are not passing. Moreover, they're actually persistent and, we believe, impactful. The
importance of respiratory medicine, the importance of digital health and the importance of health care
delivered outside the hospital, those 3 trends just got accelerated, and they're here to stay. While these
macro trends of increased telehealth and increased remote patient monitoring represent short-, medium-
and long-term benefits for ResMed's business, more importantly, they represent tailwinds for significant
improvement on the most critical patient metrics, improving clinical outcomes for the patient's chronic
disease and enhancing levels of patient satisfaction for that ultimate customer, the person who just wants
to sleep better, breathe better and live with a better quality of life.

So before I hand the call over to Brett for his remarks, I want to express my personal gratitude to the
7,500 ResMedians around the world. In an unprecedented fiscal year, you have remained focused on
creating value in our core markets and honoring commitments to patients through COVID-19. You helped
us pivot and produce 150,000 life-saving ventilators to help people breathe in 140 countries worldwide.
Without our team, our current and future success would not be possible. So thank you to all of you.

With that, I'll hand the call over to Brett in Sydney, and then we'll open up for Q&A.

Brett, over to you.

Brett A. Sandercock
Chief Financial Officer

Right. Thanks, Mick. In my remarks today, I will provide an overview of our results for the fourth quarter
fiscal year 2020 and some remarks on our Q1 FY '21 outlook.

As Mick noted, we had a strong quarter. Group revenue for the June quarter was $770 million, an increase
of 9% over the prior year quarter. In constant currency terms, revenue increased by 10% compared to the
prior year quarter.

Revenues for the fourth quarter were favorably impacted by significant sales of ventilator devices and
accessories, partially offset by declines in our sleep business. We estimate that the incremental net

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

RESMED INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

revenue benefit from COVID-19 related impacts was in the order of $20 million, reflecting estimated
incremental ventilator and related accessory revenue of $125 million, partially offset by an estimated $105
million impact on our sleep revenue relative to our pre-COVID forecasts.

Taking a closer look at our geographic distribution and excluding revenue from our Software as a Service
business, our sales in U.S., Canada and Latin America countries were $401 million, an increase of 4% over
the prior year quarter. Sales in Europe, Asia and other markets totaled $278 million, an increase of 19%
over the prior year quarter and an increase of 22% in constant currency terms.

By product segment, U.S., Canada and Latin America device sales were $206 million, an increase of 1%
over the prior year quarter. Masks and other sales were $195 million, an increase of 7% over the prior
year quarter. In Europe, Asia and other markets, device sales totaled $206 million, an increase of 32%
over the prior year quarter or in constant currency terms, a 35% increase.

Masks and other sales in Europe, Asia and other markets were $73 million, a decrease of 8% over the
prior year quarter, while in constant currency terms, a 6% decrease.

Globally, in constant currency terms, device sales increased by 16%, while masks and other sales
increased by 3% over the prior year quarter. Software as a Service revenue for the fourth quarter was $91
million, an increase of 7% over the prior year quarter. On a non-GAAP basis, SaaS revenue increased by
6%.

During my commentary today, I will be referring to non-GAAP numbers. The non-GAAP measures adjust
for the impact of amortization of acquired intangibles, the purchase accounting fair value adjustment
to MatrixCare deferred revenue, restructuring expenses and litigation settlement expenses. We have
provided a full reconciliation of the non-GAAP to GAAP numbers in our fourth quarter earnings press
release.

Our non-GAAP gross margin improved by 60 basis points to 59.9% in the June quarter compared to
59.3% in the same quarter last year. The increase is predominantly attributable to favorable product mix,
partially offset by increased cost in logistics, component parts and manufacturing. These cost increases
largely reflect the impact of COVID-19 and our rapid ramp-up of ventilator production. In particular, we
incurred significantly higher inbound and outbound airfreight costs during the quarter reflecting both
higher volumes and significantly higher rates. We are rebalancing airfreight and sea freight volumes. But
in the near term, we expect to see elevated freight costs continuing into Q1 FY '21.

Moving on to operating expenses. Our SG&A expenses for the fourth quarter were $165 million, a
decrease of 4% over the prior year quarter. Or in constant currency terms, SG&A expenses were
consistent with the prior year. SG&A expenses as a percentage of revenue improved to 21.5% compared
to 24.3% we reported in the prior year quarter, benefiting from cost management and reduced travel as
we work through the uncertain COVID-19 environment.

Looking forward, we expect SG&A expenses to increase in the low single digits relative to the year ago
period. R&D expenses for the quarter were $53 million, an increase of 3% over the prior year quarter or
on a constant currency basis, an increase of 4%.

R&D expenses as a percentage of revenue were 6.8% compared to 7.3% in the prior year. We continue
to prioritize investments in innovation because we believe our long-term commitment to technology and
product development will deliver a sustained competitive advantage.

Looking forward, we expect R&D expenses to continue to grow in the high single digits to low double
digits, reflecting our commitment to innovation through the economic cycles.

Total amortization of acquired intangibles was $20 million for the quarter, a decrease of 14% over the prior
year quarter, reflecting historical intangible assets becoming fully amortized during the quarter.

Stock-based compensation expense for the quarter was $16 million. Non-GAAP operating profit for the
quarter was $243 million, an increase of 24% over the prior year quarter, reflecting strong top line growth,
expansion of gross margin and well-managed operating expenses.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

RESMED INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

On a GAAP basis, our effective tax rate for the June quarter was 16.2%, while on a non-GAAP basis, our
effective tax rate for the quarter was 16.8%.

Looking forward, we estimate our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2021 will be in the range of 17% to
19%.

Non-GAAP net income for the quarter was $193 million, an increase of 40% over the prior year quarter.
Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $1.33, an increase of 40% over the prior year
quarter. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $1.22.

Cash flow from operations for the fourth quarter was $330 million, reflecting robust underlying earnings
and working capital management. Capital expenditure for the quarter was $18 million. Depreciation and
amortization for the June quarter totaled $39 million.

During the quarter, we also paid dividends of $56 million.

We recorded equity losses of $6 million in our income statement in the June quarter associated with the
Verily joint venture. We expect to record equity losses of approximately $15 million for the full fiscal year
2021 associated with the joint venture operation. We ended the fourth quarter with a cash balance of $463
million, having generated $330 million in operating cash flow during the fourth quarter and $802 million
during our fiscal year 2020.

At June 30, we had $1.2 billion in gross debt and $717 million in net debt. Our debt levels remained
modest. And at June 30, we had just under $1.1 billion available for drawdown under our existing revolver
facility.

In summary, our liquidity position remains strong. However, I also want to highlight that in these times of
uncertainty, we are maintaining a disciplined approach and we are tightly managing expenses, cash flow
and liquidity.

Today, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.39 per share, reflecting the Board's
confidence in our strong liquidity position and operating performance.

Finally, to recap on Q4 results, our earnings this quarter were very strong, reflecting significant demand
for ventilators underpinning revenue growth and expansion in our gross margin and lower operating
expenses.

Turning now to our first quarter FY '21 outlook. At a high level, we expect to see continued demand for
ventilators, but at a significantly lower level compared to Q4 FY '20. Additionally, we expect to see a
continued headwind for sleep device sales in Q1 in response to the temporary reduction in the diagnosis
of new patients. Mask and accessories have continued to demonstrate resilience over the past 3 months,
which reflects the insulating value of the large patient installed base.

Consistent with these remarks, for the first month of Q1 FY '21, we recorded group revenue growth in the
low single digits. However, like many other companies, we are experiencing pervasive uncertainty in the
current environment. And as a result, our forecast and possible future revenue outcomes remain dynamic.

And with that, I will hand the call back to Amy.

Amy Wakeham
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Great. Thanks, Brett. We'll now turn to the Q&A portion of the call.
[Operator Instructions] Cheryl, we'll now -- we are now ready to start the Q&A portion.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

RESMED INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Your first question comes from Saul Hadassin of UBS.

Saul Hadassin
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Just a question from me. Mick, just some color around the rest of the world growth rate, the disparity
between device sales at a very strong 35% but masks at negative 6%. Can you just talk to ventilation,
and how that impacted there and whether there was anything else to read into that mask growth rate,
please?

Michael J. Farrell
CEO & Director

Yes, Saul, thanks for the question. And yes, clearly, in our Europe -- and that is Europe, Asia and rest
of world. So it's the whole world apart from the U.S., Canada and Latin America. Yes, clearly, incredibly
strong year-on-year growth in the devices side, primarily driven on the upside by the ventilator sales.
And so these were -- we've had talked about contracts with national governments in the U.K., France,
Germany, for ventilator sales that were delivered during that June quarter and others around Asia and rest
of world.

So that's been the sort of this tailwind, if you like, from COVID-19. And the headwinds were pretty
dramatic shutdowns that you saw certainly in Western Europe and most parts of Southeast Asia, including
China, which is still at 50% of its sleep capacity today, and that severely slowed down first time setup of
patients. But in those geographies, the sort of resupply technology that I talked about in the prepared
remarks like SnapWorx and AeroCare and Brightree resupply. Those are all U.S.-based technologies, and
we really haven't put those technologies into play in those European markets. There's an opportunity to
do that in the future, but they are not there, and they don't have the same resiliency around those mask
sales. So that's sort of -- it's almost like a tale of 2 markets, if you like, on the devices versus masks
during that Q4 for Europe, Asia and rest of well.

Operator

Your next question is from Andrew Goodsall of MST Marquee.

Andrew Goodsall
MST Marquee

Just trying to understand the sequencing, I guess, across the next few quarters. Just as you sort of see
the decline in vents and your regular CPAP business returning, I know you've talked to this, but just any
sort of metrics. I know where -- anything around production or anything like that, that might give us a bit
of a sense of sort of how that's going to sequence over the next few quarters?

Michael J. Farrell
CEO & Director

Yes, Andrew. This is a question that macroeconomists around the world are working on in every industry,
when are we going to see -- as these lockdowns turn to openings and every city, every country that we
are operating in has different metrics on how fast they're opening and where they're opening. Some never
closed, like Sweden, some are opening really well, like Germany and some are going to second phase
shutdowns like China. And so the best we can see, as we model it, and we've got a lot of scenarios for the
next fiscal year. But the best we can see is across that portfolio of 140 countries, we see a sequential sort
of U-shaped recovery, where we start with Q1, and then we build up to Q2, Q3, Q4 through the fiscal year
as we start to see these reopenings happen.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

RESMED INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

We're going to expect second waves and third waves and fourth waves and the sort of [ Ws ] within a
particular city or a particular state. But across the country level and certainly at the 140-country portfolio
level, we expect that to be a U-shaped recovery in our likely case throughout the fiscal year. And so it
will sort of turn to a world where we look at sequential growth from Q1 to Q2 and then from Q2 to Q3
and Q3 to Q4. And that's how we're sort of modeling the recovery of our sleep apnea, our COPD and our
asthma patient flow, and therefore, that part of our business. There will be resiliency in the mask resupply,
particularly in the U.S. geography and some other buffers that we have around our SaaS business, but
that's sort of how we're looking at it on a macro basis.

Andrew Goodsall
MST Marquee

Would you expect return to normal by FY '22 or close to normal?

Michael J. Farrell
CEO & Director

Yes. And that, again, Andrew, I would be a great macroeconomist working for a large multinational bank
to make a prediction like this, and they're often wrong when they make those predictions. I think it's very
difficult to say when exactly they will be back to the pre-COVID times. I did see a presentation from a
global bank economist who talked about a 12-month -- a 24-month return to normal-type period, very
difficult to know.

Health care, we are more resilient. People as opposed to going to retail to get a new automobile or a new
sound system or a new home repair, they are going to their primary care physicians and their elective
surgeries much quicker. And you can look on those 2 metrics, which are pretty well published in the major
geographies, so PCP visits, GP visits and for elective surgeries and hospital visits, and we're starting to see
those metrics tick up on a week-to-week basis. And so they are the types of analogs that we're watching
and looking at. And then all the other parts come into play. Obviously, there's the upside, as I talked about
in the prep remarks, if there's an effective vaccine or an effective treatment for COVID-19, all bets are off,
this goes to V-shape recovery in the markets as they get that vaccine or treatment. But we've got a likely
expected case of a U throughout the fiscal year and then get back to that normal in that sort of 12-, 24-
month time period.

Operator

Your next question is from Margaret Kaczor of William Blair.

Brandon Vazquez
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

This is actually Brandon on for Margaret. I just wanted to go back to the vents really quick. You had
mentioned that you manufactured another 100,000 vents that could be used within the hospital. Have
you sold most of these or any of these? And is this kind of a similar situation with the prior 50,000 that
they are maybe lined up for contracts already that could be recognized in the next quarter? And I'm just
-- part of that is just trying to understand where vent demand is going to end up, especially since you had
mentioned that Astral is still being made at full capacity, but you're expecting a steep drop-off in the next
quarter?

Michael J. Farrell
CEO & Director

Yes, Brandon, thanks for the question. Yes, certainly, we're very proud of the 150,000 ventilators that we
made during the first half of the calendar year, the second half of our fiscal year. As you know, that's a
very small percentage of compared to the sleep apnea devices, which are more in the sort of 2 million, 2.5
million on an annualized basis devices that we make across the CPAPs, APAPs and the sleep apnea buy
levels. But look, we did obviously sell, as we talked about, and Brett talked about in his remarks, we had
an extra $35 million of sales in the March quarter, our Q3 from ventilator, ventilator masks and we had
an extra $125 million in ventilator and ventilator mask sales in the fourth quarter. And we're not going

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

RESMED INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

to predict exactly what that will be here in the September quarter. We are working on hospital, state and
national bidding processes. But I can tell you that the volume of bidding and the volume of processes and
the sort of expected likely case of that is significantly lower here in the September quarter for that.

So that demand has gone down a lot. I mean it's ironic in some ways because the populations of the
regions that are now impacted Brazil, India, Pakistan, Malaysia, Indonesia, you add up these countries and
you start to get to the billions of people, I would like to see demand significantly higher because I think
humanitarian-wise, we are going to need more ventilators. We have the production ready, and we are
working on contracts where they're there, but we can't sell to someone who won't buy. And so as best we
can see, there's going to be a pretty significant drop off here in the September quarter on the ventilators.
At the same time, that means that the economies are opening up on the other side for our sleep business,
and we start to get that sequential growth back along those lines.

Brett, maybe you want to add some more color on that?

Brett A. Sandercock
Chief Financial Officer

I mean the only thing I'd add, Mick, is there would be -- yes, consistent with last quarter, there is a
portion of that production that remains in inventory at June 30, so that's certainly the case. Well, Mick said
Astral. Astral, we're still producing still fairly tight, and I think we'll continue to do that for the next little
while.

Operator

Your next question comes from John Deakin-Bell of Citi.

John Deakin-Bell
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

My question was just trying to understand the, again, just the shape of the recovery and perhaps look
at Europe. And macro-wise, it looks like some of the European countries have started to recover a little
earlier than the U.S. Have you seen anything that could guide you to how the U.S. might come out of this
in Germany or in France, any other countries that you have big businesses in?

Michael J. Farrell
CEO & Director

Yes. John, it's a great question. And actually, we are looking at Germany as sort of a model of not only
how to have dealt with the crisis, that country did a really good job of preparing early. They got their
ventilator orders in early, and they had -- they never reached peak capacity in any of the major regions,
cities or hospitals. And now as they recover. As I said in the prepared remarks, they're north of 85% of the
sleep lab capacity. They were behind the curve in Germany on home sleep apnea testing, but it really --
they sort of had a leap forward on that. And I think that will move from -- it was maybe 5% or 10% of the
diagnoses in Germany pre-COVID. I think that will move to a solid double-digit number post-COVID.

But Germany is a great model for the recovery. And it's a country right next door there, in France, had
excellent home sleep apnea testing pre-COVID. And so I think the recovery will be quite swift in France as
well. You can almost look -- you're asking for the analogy to the United States, take those 2 countries as
different regions within the U.S. Germany could be analogous to some of the states in the U.S., like mostly
in the Midwest, where there's a lot of sleep apnea test done in a sleep apnea lab.

And I think that will take a longer time to get to capacity just because of all the restrictions around COVID,
the cleaning, the deep cleaning and just people's psychology about turning up to a sleep lab and staying
overnight versus some states, maybe like California or Massachusetts or Florida, where home sleep apnea
testing was more prevalent. Those not only had less of a dip during the crisis because they were able to
move their patient flow to home sleep apnea test. We think they may recover faster in the patient volumes
in those areas.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

RESMED INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

And so we certainly are looking at those analogs. And certainly, we're sharing a learning internally here
at ResMed. From our Germany team, the CEO of Germany, Katrin Pucknat. She's a member of my global
CEO operations team. So her best practices of what they're doing there are brought to the global team.
And Jim Hollingshead and the team on the sleep and respiratory care side and then driving that through
our U.S. market with our great commercial team we have here in the U.S. and beyond. And so I'm quite
confident that we're going to see a sequential quarter-to-quarter recovery throughout the fiscal year.

I think we've reached the nadir here in Q4 of a flow of patients globally and within our major geographies,
and we're going to pick those up every quarter as we go through. I do think there's going to be second or
first waves impacting Latin America and Africa and so on. And I do hope that we are able to secure some
good ventilator sales into them for now because they will need them on a humanitarian basis. But then
they will recover a little later in those geographies. But yes, I'm pretty comfortable of our plan in a likely
case scenario of a steady sequential recovery. Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4 throughout the fiscal year, assuming no
vaccine, no treatment. If those happen, it could be a significant one where you start talking about year-
on-year numbers again versus quarter-on-quarter numbers.

Operator

Your next question comes from David Bailey of Macquarie.

David Bailey
Macquarie Research

Just had a question in relation to the U.S., in particular, on that commentary around sleep lab capacity,
sort of talking to about 70% at the moment. I'm just interested in where you think that might have got to
on an average basis over the year, over the June quarter, and then perhaps any commentary you might
be able to provide over the phasing over the quarter in the -- was April the trough and then you've been
improving towards June? Just any commentary you can provide there would be appreciated.

Michael J. Farrell
CEO & Director

Yes. David, it's a really good question. And we actually have some good information around that because
we have both the sort of digital end-to-end play on the sleep apnea market where we have apnea link,
air, which is cloud connected, home sleep apnea testing, all the way through to the -- obviously, the Air
Solutions platform with the AirSense devices that are 100% cloud connectable as well. So we see the
activation rates on that weekly basis. And you picked it, we have seen during the quarter, sort of that
nadir in that sort of late April, early May time frame. And that we've started to see weekly increases from
that nadir.

You see it in the public data around primary care physician visits and elective surgeries picking up. And
we also see it and without quantifying it because that's sort of pretty proprietary data for ResMed, I can
certainly say qualitatively to your question that after that nadir in late April, early May, we have seen
week-to-week increases in home sleep apnea testers.

But also in the activation, really importantly, as the market leader in market share for sleep apnea
devices, we're seeing activations increase from that nadir point on a weekly basis. And so -- and we have
it by geography, and you can see if that state did this or that city did that, you can see little W shapes in
some of those. But over the aggregate, we're seeing that sort of steady U-shape recovery, even down to
that granular level during the quarter. And that's what gives us the confidence as we project forward into a
lot of uncertainty in COVID times. 52 weeks seems like a lot of uncertainty that we think that will be that
steady across the portfolio, steady U-shape recovery. But I think that's the most color I can provide you
there, David.

Operator

Your next question is from David Low of JPMorgan.

David A. Low
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

RESMED INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Mick, if I could keep on the same topic. I mean you're talking about a U-shape recovery. Just to be really
clear and simple here. We're at the bottom of that U. So effectively, the first couple of quarters, you'd
expect pretty low growth, not so dissimilar to what Brett talked about in terms of the low single-digit
growth you've seen in July. Is that what you're saying?

Michael J. Farrell
CEO & Director

Yes, exactly, David. That's exactly how I'd interpret the sort of classic U. So thank you for clarifying that.
You can have a question as well, if you like.

David A. Low
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Thanks. Mick, I never want to ask to. I get in so much trouble, but I will take you up on that. The decline
that you saw in CPAP or in devices, you talked about a double-digit decline. I think we had [ Adac ]
yesterday talk about a 30% drop in new patient setup. So I was just wondering if I could get or draw you
a little bit on so what level of decline you've seen.

Michael J. Farrell
CEO & Director

Yes. So look, that company you mentioned is particularly a U.S.-focused company. And so that's a pretty
good analog for the double-digit decline that happened in -- starts for the U.S. geography, that's sort of
30%. So 70% before and then picking up from that nadir. As an average across the country, it would have
been lower in some states that had tighter lockdowns and more sleep lab focus and less than that in some
of the more liberal, in terms of opening states.

And -- but then when you look across the 140 countries, you really got to say, okay, well, every country
treated this differently, but Germany already being up to 85% of pre-COVID, their dip wasn't that low. I
don't think they got below 75% because they were able to pivot to sleep apnea testing pretty quickly. And
as you know, we're vertically integrated in that market and have great visibility. China had a very steep
drop. The government there. It was very strict in their lockdown, and that went down very high double
digits. And has now got back up to 50% of pre-COVID towards the end of June.

And so it's almost like -- and we have -- you could model every of the 140 countries by region, by city
and then look at a sort of computational basis of this. But it gives us confidence with that detail of the last
180 days of how this has gone to project for the next 360. But yes, look, for the U.S. that sort of nadir in
the high 60s and leaving -- maybe an average around the 70% for the quarter, but leaving at rates higher
than that is sort of where we're at for that geography.

Operator

Your next question is from Hashan De Silva of CLSA.

Hashan De Silva
CLSA Limited, Research Division

I'm just wondering to get some color on ventilator pricing over 4Q. Was it -- how much of a benefit was
related to pricing over 4Q? And what do you expect the pricing to do coming into the first quarter?

Michael J. Farrell
CEO & Director

Thanks, Hashan. Great question. I'll hand that to Rob Douglas, our COO.

Robert A. Douglas
President & COO

Thanks, Hashan. We previously talked, we actually had a policy of not trying to lift prices around this
mainly because of the whole ethics around it and making sure we were getting the ventilators in the right

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

RESMED INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

people's hands at the right prices. And so we actually kept our pricing very steady through it and did slow
some increased logistics costs and things like that Brett was talking about. And we also made sure we
were selling ventilators to people who had needed them immediately and were going to be using them. So
we weren't selling into stockpiles. So you can see we had a pretty moderate approach to it, and we think
it's absolutely the right approach.

Obviously, the ventilators are a higher-priced item compared to our sleep devices. And so there was some
sort of mix shift effect in our overall results. But we were very steady, and our team was totally committed
to making sure that we're looking after patients as a priority.

Operator

Your next question is from Gretel Janu of Crédit Suisse.

Gretel Janu
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Just on the gross margin, just -- I was wondering if you could give a bit more color on the outlook for
that going forward. You'll have a lot of proportion of ventilators, the negative mix shift. And then with the
increased kind of cost income, should we actually expect a weaker gross margin into the first quarter of
'21? Just any color you can give on that.

Michael J. Farrell
CEO & Director

Brett, do you want to take that?

Brett A. Sandercock
Chief Financial Officer

Sure, sure, Mick. Yes, I mean, as you know and you've covered a few of those moving parts in the gross
margin, and it's probably heightened uncertainty at the moment with COVID-19 and where those impacts
will land. We are seeing some elevated costs rolling through. And some of those, I think, on freight will
continue for a little while or we are actively trying to mitigate that. But I think -- I wouldn't get drawn in
specific guidance, but I think you have to say you'd have to say that it's probably not likely that we had --
we'd see gross margin expansion in the short term.

Operator

Next question is from Suraj Kalia of Oppenheimer.

Suraj Kalia
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Can you hear me all right?

Michael J. Farrell
CEO & Director

Yes. I've got you loud and clear, Suraj.

Suraj Kalia
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

So Mick, I heard the $125 million contribution from ventilator sales in the quarter, forgive me, I was just
hopping in between calls. Can you give us the growth between North America and rest of the world in
devices when you split out ventilators?

Michael J. Farrell
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

RESMED INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Suraj, that's a great question, but it gets into a level of detail that we don't want to share for competitive
reasons. But look, I can give some color around it. The $125 million in ventilator sales were to -- the
countries that -- during that last 90 days, you've seen through the media and other contacts had the
biggest impacts from COVID-19.

So I think publicly, we've talked about a contract with the U.S. government and FEMA, a $32 million public
contract for 2,500 or so Astral devices. And then we had some public contracts with other countries, the
U.K. National Health Service, Germany, France, Japan and Australia and some that I think we've talked
about in various media areas. But just given the nature of sort of the competitive dynamics, but then
also some of the hospital systems and nations like to choose to publicize to their own populations, those
numbers at their own rate.

I don't want to go into any further detail on that. But I appreciate the question, Suraj. And just know that
one thing that really made us proud is that $125 million of ventilator sales save lives. And there are tens
of thousands of people who wouldn't have been breathing with COVID-19 that were. And if their immune
system was able to beat this little protein virus when it gets in the body, they lived, and we think that was
a great benefit for those countries and for those individual people and their families.

Operator

Your next question is from Steve Wheen of Evans & Partners.

Steven David Wheen
Evans & Partners Pty. Ltd., Research Division

I just had one clarification and then my question. The clarification was just with regards to the 1 month
sales figure that Brett mentioned, being in the low single digits. Can you just give us an indication as to
how much -- whether that's just pure sleep or whether it includes ventilators? And then my question really
I wanted to add to this was with regards to competitive bidding. There's been a regard action, I guess, to
try and delay the implementation. I just wondered if you had any thoughts or likelihood of that actually
happening.

Michael J. Farrell
CEO & Director

Great questions, Steve. So I'll -- Brett, if you address the first part from the clarification, then we'll have
Dave talk to competitive bidding.

Brett A. Sandercock
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. To clarify that July group -- that's group revenue, Steve, on that. So that's everything, that's the
entire company.

David B. Pendarvis
Chief Administrative Officer, Global General Counsel & Secretary

And with regard to your question on competitive bidding, Steve, I mean, we certainly support a delay. We
were very pleased to see that just earlier this week, I believe, a letter went over from over 100 members
of the House and Senate urging the administration and CMS to delay competitive bidding. We've been
working with other industry participants to try to advance that perspective. Obviously, there's a lot going
on, and we don't get feedback from them as to whether it's likely or not. So we just have to wait and see
with everyone else. But we certainly would support that. Having said that, we'll do what we can to support
our customers whenever competitive bidding does come out. So fingers crossed on that.

Operator

Your next question is from Anthony Petrone of Jefferies.

Anthony Charles Petrone
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

RESMED INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Maybe just one question as it relates to core sleep between resupply and vents. I'm assuming the
comments are mostly on new patient starts, but maybe just a quick update on resupply. And as we move
into an extended first wave, do you expect that to sort of benefit as we saw early on in the pandemic? And
then a quick follow-up on comping would just be the rural rule. I know there's a push to delay that as well,
H.R.2771. So just an update on where the roll in of rural rates for comp in exist.

Michael J. Farrell
CEO & Director

Thanks, Anthony. I'll have a go at the first part of your question, and then Dave can have a go at the
second part. In terms of the numbers I was talking about, so the double-digit declines and then coming
up from those nadir during April, May, June and then what we expect during the year, that was about
patient flow, sleep apnea diagnosis, COPD patient diagnosis and coming through the channel. So directly
proportional to, if you like, first-time setup of a sleep device and first-time setup of a mask system.

As you know, Anthony, you've followed us for a number of years. We've got a very resilient group of
patients who love their great sleep and love their great breathing. And they are on resupply programs,
either directly to retail, in Australia, Singapore or U.K. or through home care programs in Europe or direct
HME programs in the U.S. And those -- we saw a very good resupply rates in the March quarter. And as
we just talked about, saw a very good resupply rates in the June quarter. We expect those strong resupply
rates to continue through September, December and onwards. This is an ongoing resupply rate that really
will be there.

Obviously, first time mass setups are impacted by those numbers I was talking about in the modeling,
but resupply numbers have been not only equal to the year before, but sometimes a little better. And we
think there's some secular change there around the importance of respiratory medicine, the importance
of respiratory health and people just wanting clean masks, clean tubing and clean humidifiers that their
insurance will pay for and then they can pay the co-pay for or out-of-pocket for themselves, people are
paying for those. And so we think that's sort of secular change there will be giving us a pretty resilient
resupply throughout fiscal '21 and beyond. Dave, do you want to have a go at the second part of the
question about CB?

David B. Pendarvis
Chief Administrative Officer, Global General Counsel & Secretary

Sure. Thanks, Mick. Thanks for the question, Anthony. So with regard to the bill itself, 2771, it remains
introduced in the house. It hasn't seen a companion legislation get introduced to the Senate. Obviously,
the U.S. government is preoccupied with a lot of other things that are -- that they're working on now,
particularly trying to extend the aid. There probably will be some Medicare relief packages down the road.
But we think it's an important show of the will of Congress and sort of the sense of Congress that there
ought to be relief in the rural areas. We were pleased to see that CMS has put a rule forward to advance
telemedicine and telehealth reimbursement beyond the pandemic. And so they're certainly listening to
patients and providers. And to Congress. We'd hope that they would listen to this and that CMS would be
able to enact some relief. And it's always hazardous to predict the U.S. legislation.

So we certainly continue to support it. Many of the same congressional offices that supported 2771
were writing letters that I mentioned earlier about delaying competitive bidding. So we think that's a
strong vote, and we'd certainly continue to support it, but can't really predict what form, if any, relief will
ultimately be granted.

Operator

Your next question is from Matthew Mishan of KeyBanc.

Matthew Ian Mishan
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Mick, congratulations on moving to the next stages of Propeller Health. Can you give us a sense of the
commercial model that you settled on? And how should we think about the revenue ramp from here?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

RESMED INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Michael J. Farrell
CEO & Director

Yes. Matt, it's a great question. And look, what I'll give is the generic revenue model of how we at
Propeller, through David Van Sickle, who's the CEO of Propeller and his commercial team globally, sort of
the revenue models that they follow without giving any, obviously, details of any particular customer or
partner. So the general revenue models for Propeller are, number one, a development fee. There's often
a development fee that we charge partners for the software engineers who create the code for the app
that works specifically for that customer. That's a relatively minor part of the life cycle of revenue, but it's
there. And then secondly, we charge for the sense of the hardware that's provided each time that sort of
Propeller sensor that has the cloud connectivity and then collects the data locally on usage adherence and
other parameters.

And then thirdly, which is the major part is the per activated user per month part of the revenue that is
associated with that account. So then that's really an alignment of Propeller ResMed's revenue with the
pharmaceutical company, but also really importantly, with the patient and their actual usage of it. And
most importantly, for their outcomes. That they stay out-of-hospital longer. It reduces total system costs
and so on. So there's sort of 3 parts to that revenue. And all of them are in play for all of those customers
that we talked about in the prepared remarks.

And look, it's early days. This isn't yet material revenue for ResMed in this quarter or next quarter. But
as we look over FY '21, FY '22, and certainly, as we look to our long-term strategy, our ResMed 2025
strategy, I think this digital health component and this recurring revenue component of medical adherence
to COPD and asthma medications is going to be, not only a material part of our business, but a really
exciting one for transforming care across the industry.

Operator

Your last question is from Lyanne Harrison of Bank of America.

Lyanne Harrison
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I just wanted to get a bit of understanding of resupply through the June quarter. Can you share what you
saw through April, May and June? I guess I'm trying to understand if there was any sort of residual panic
buying at the start of the quarter. And what are you experiencing as unemployment rates increase in the
United States?

Michael J. Farrell
CEO & Director

Yes. Lyanne, thanks. It's a good question. And resupply was actually pretty steady through the April, May,
June rates. We didn't -- as in a year-on-year based on the cycles of where they are in the co-pay cycle
and so on. Obviously, there are double digit on unemployment numbers in the U.S. between 10% or 15%
depending on the state. But in general, we have seen pretty steady resupply of masks and accessories for
customers. But Rob, do you want to provide any further color for Lyanne around the kinetics there?

David B. Pendarvis
Chief Administrative Officer, Global General Counsel & Secretary

Yes. Sure, Mick. Lyanne, we never really saw a big panic buy issue or we couldn't triangulate into panic
buying very much at all, but there were some other things going on with the resupply programs. The
people operating them and as we saw this as well. The call-outs were more likely to find people at home
because they are at home. And the response to the existing programs was better. And so we did see some
solid improvement and that sort of continued. But there's no major sort of up and down dynamic. We think
it's just steady, solid progress that patients on long-term treatment need good masks. And we've got the
best masks and the best systems to keep them in treatment. And we expect that to continue through,
notwithstanding what else happens given the uncertainties of COVID.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

RESMED INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

We are now at the 1-hour mark, so I will turn the call back over to Mick Farrell.

Michael J. Farrell
CEO & Director

Thanks, Cheryl, and thanks to all of our shareholders for joining us on the call. I'd also like to, once
again, take the opportunity to thank all 7,500 ResMedians. Many of whom are also shareholders for their
dedication and hard work, not just this quarter and this year, but over the years, helping people sleep
better, breathe better and live better lives outside the hospital in 140 countries worldwide. Thanks for all
that you do every day.

Thanks especially to our ResMed heroes on the frontline, production, distribution, tech service and those
who help in the setup of our ventilators and ventilation masks during this global crisis. You helped over
150,000 people potentially through those products, and I look forward to thanking you in person when this
is all possible post-COVID. And we'll talk to everyone on this call in about 90 days. Thanks a lot.

Amy Wakeham
Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Great. Thanks, Mick. Thank you all again for joining us today. If you do have any additional questions,
please don't hesitate to reach out to me directly or to our General Investor Relations line. As previously
mentioned, all the documents, along with the transcript and a replay of today's call will be available on our
website later today. Cheryl, you may now go ahead and close the call.

Operator
This concludes ResMed's Fourth Quarter of Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings live webcast. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

RESMED INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 05, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

