S&P Global Inc. NYSE:SPGI
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 06, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

2.42

2.53

4.55

2.38

9.39

9.53

1.49

10.43

1701.33

1735.00

1.98

1722.85

6655.73

6699.00

0.65

7117.03

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-06-2020 12:52 PM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.12

2.28

2.34

2.42

2.11

2.43

2.46

2.53

(0.47 %)

6.58 %

5.13 %

4.55 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive
Director

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Robert S. Merritt
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

William Arthur Warmington
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Y. Cho
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Joseph Dean Foresi
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research
Division

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to S&P Global's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Conference
Call. [Operator Instructions] To access the webcast and slides, go to investor.spglobal.com. [Operator
Instructions]

I would now like to introduce Mr. Chip Merritt, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for S&P Global.
Sir, you may begin.

Robert S. Merritt
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, and thank you for joining us today for S&P Global's fourth quarter earnings call. Presenting on
today's call are Doug Peterson, President and CEO; and Ewout Steenbergen, Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer.

We issued a news release for our fourth quarter and full year 2019 results earlier today. If you need a
copy of the release and financial schedules, they can be downloaded at investor.spglobal.com.

New this quarter, we've added an appendix at the end of the slide deck. These slides will not be addressed
during the webcast. However, you may access them by downloading the PDF of the slides from the
webcast viewer or from the Quarterly Earnings page on our Investor Relations website.

In today's earnings release, during the conference call, we'll be providing adjusted financial information.
This information is provided to enable investors to make meaningful comparisons of the corporation's
operating performance between periods and to view the corporation's business from the same perspective
as management's. Earnings release contains exhibits that reconcile the difference between non-GAAP
measures and the comparable financial measures measured -- or calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

Before we begin, I need to provide certain cautionary remarks about forward-looking statements.
Except for historical information, the matters discussed in the teleconference may contain forward-
looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including
projections, estimates and descriptions of future events. Any such statements are based on current
expectations and current economic conditions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause
actual results to differ materially from results anticipated in these forward-looking statements. In this
regard, we direct listeners to the cautionary statements contained in our Form 10-Ks, 10-Qs and other
periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

I would also like to call your attention to a European regulation. Any investor who has or expects to obtain
ownership of 5% or more of S&P Global should give me a call to better understand the impact of this
legislation on the investor and potentially the company.

We're aware that we do have some media representatives with us on the call. However, this call is
intended for investors, and we would ask that questions from the media be directed to Dave Guarino at
(212) 438-1471.

At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Doug Peterson. Doug?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Thank you, Chip. Welcome to today's earnings call. I'm going to review our full year highlights, and Ewout
will review the fourth quarter results in a moment.

2019 was a notable year for the company with solid financial results, while we invested for future growth.
In 2019, we delivered 7% revenue growth and 12% adjusted diluted EPS growth. We generated margin
improvement in every business, reported $2.6 billion in free cash flow, excluding certain items, a 29%

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

increase year-over-year. We returned $1.8 billion through share repurchases and dividends, and we'll
initiate a $1 billion ASR in the next few days.

We also advanced significantly on key initiatives. We made great strides towards our Investor Day target.
We launched a number of new products with very encouraging early success.

As we continue to build for the future, we made substantial progress on our 2019 growth investments. In
China, we launched a rating agency and started a Market Intelligence franchise. And across the company,
we substantially expanded our ESG activities and applied automation and AI.

We added unique benchmarks, data and analytics with acquisitions of 451 Research, Live Rice Index,
Enerdata and the pending acquisition of Greenwich Associates. We also bolstered our ESG capabilities with
the acquisition of the ESG Rating Business from RobecoSAM.

With the progress achieved in 2019, we're well positioned to advance our strategic initiatives and financial
targets in 2020.

On this slide, we summarize our full year 2019 results. This year, we delivered solid revenue growth of
7%, exceptional margin improved 140 basis points to 50.2%, a 2% reduction in shares outstanding and
solid EPS growth.

Every business delivered revenue growth and margin improvement in 2019. Indices led the way with
10% revenue growth, and 3 of our 4 businesses delivered improvement of more than 100 basis points of
adjusted operating profit margin.

As we indicated on the first quarter 2019 earnings call, Market Intelligence's investment spending in new
initiatives increased during 2019, which impacted adjusted profit margin expansion for MI.

Our 2019 performance extended our succession of solid revenue and exceptional adjusted operating
margin growth. We've delivered a 6% 4-year CAGR for revenue and improved our adjusted operating
profit margin by more than 1,000 basis points over the past 4 years. We're very proud of the collective
efforts of our employees to deliver such meaningful financial progress year after year, remarkable 19%
compound annual growth rate of adjusted diluted EPS over the last 4 years. 2019 adjusted diluted EPS
growth was lower than the 4-year CAGR due to the increased investment spending that we outlined for
you a year ago.

This is a slide that we shared at our Investor Day in May 2018, powering the markets of the future. It's
the framework we use to allocate investments to where we can most deliver growth. We'll continue to
invest in our core businesses and adjacencies to fuel revenue momentum through improving our products,
adding new data sets and entering new geographies. And we'll continue to invest on our foundational
capabilities that are necessary for our long-term results.

We're particularly pleased with the success of a number of products that we launched in 2019. Our launch
of a ratings franchise in the Chinese domestic bond market was the most publicized new product. We're
building a business from scratch, and the educational market participants is pivotable to its success. To
that end, we met with over 1,600 investors and issuers. During these meetings, we've consistently found
a genuine demand for high-quality objective, transparent and reliable ratings in China. With 6 ratings
issued to date, we expect adoption to steadily increase in the coming years.

Ratings ESG evaluations were launched as a cross sector relative analysis of an entity's ability to operate
successfully in the future and optimize long-term stakeholder value in light of its natural and social
environment and the quality of its governance. Once again, education is important, and we've been
meeting with potential issuers around the world to discuss our ESG evaluation. To date, we've published 6
ESG evaluations and expect adoption to increase quickly in 2020.

After S&P Dow Jones Indices introduced ESG versions of our most recognized indices, there was
considerable interest among our partners to create ETFs based on these indices. UBS, DWS and State
Street have each launched an ETF based on the S&P 500 ESG index. As of the end of 2019, these ETFs
have collectively surpassed $450 million in AUM.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

The Micro E-mini futures have been touted as one of CME's most successful launches with over 44 million
contracts traded by year-end. After introduction of low sulfur marine fuel prices, both CME and ICE have
launched new futures contracts, 667,000 contracts traded in 2019. And momentum is building as more
than half of those contracts were traded in the fourth quarter.

On the third quarter conference call, we introduced textual data analytics for earnings conference calls.
The team has analyzed 214,000 earnings calls for more than 10,000 companies, providing over 680
million sentiment behavioral scores with history that goes back to 2004.

Trucost launched their climate change physical risk data set in the fourth quarter to help companies'
investors understand their exposure to physical risks and report in line with TCFD recommendations. The
data set covers 6 climate change physical risk indicators, such as heat waves and coastal flooding, with
more than 15,000 companies and 500,000 underlying assets with analytics supporting various climate
change scenarios.

In 2019, we continued to invest in ESG benchmarks, data and analytics. We announced acquisitions of
one of the most widely recognized leaders in ESG data with the ESG Ratings Business from RobecoSAM;
unique intelligence, expertise and data covering high-growth emerging technology segments with 451
Research; a global provider of information and benchmark price assessments for the rice industry with
Live Rice index; benchmark prices, news and analysis on the Canadian natural gas market with Enerdata;
and data and analytics and insights to the financial services industry with CRISIL's pending acquisition
of Greenwich Associates. In aggregate, during 2019, we invested approximately $260 million on these
acquisitions. We also streamlined our operations with a couple of small divestitures.

As we increasingly embed technology into the fabric of the company, we want to not only improve our
product offerings, but also increase operational excellence. Automation is a large part of this effort. This
slide was some of the key projects implemented. I'll discuss 2 of these today.

Kensho Scribe, which we highlighted on the third quarter earnings call, will now process preliminary
transcripts for nearly all of the 33,000 calls posted to the global platform each year. Human editors
refine and approve the final version to meet our customers' needs. Scribe has enabled us to increase our
coverage by 1,500 companies for 2020, with no headcount increase and expected production cost savings
of about 35% compared to 2018 before Scribe was launched.

Robotic process automation is a company-wide program. Employees across the company were challenged
to see if RPA could be used to automate routine tasks. And by working with a small team of RPA experts,
projects identified by employees have saved an estimated 247,000 human hours by automating 218
processes in 2019.

Both our Ratings business and our Indices business can be impacted by short-term market movements,
and I'd like to put some of these movements into perspective, starting with 2019 debt issuance. Global
issuance increased 6% in 2019. The most noteworthy gains were the 51% increase in high yield and
the 21% increase in U.S. public finance. Leverage loan new issuance activity declined 23%, as many
issuers chose to utilize the high-yield market rather than take out a bank loan. This slide puts high-yield
and leverage loan issuance into perspective. While high-yield issuance was up considerably in 2019, the
combination of high-yield and leveraged loan issuance was consistent with the 10-year average. The bars
on these charts depict the volatility of leveraged loan volumes in both the U.S. and Europe. The lines
depict the percentage of these loans that we rate. In 2019, we rated 89% of U.S. leveraged loans and
92% of European leverage loans.

Turning to industry trends affecting our Indices business. This chart depicts the continuing outflows from
actively managed U.S. mutual funds into index-based ETFs and mutual funds. There are several reasons
for this trend, including growing institutional retail adoption, search for transparent lower-fee investments,
globalization of passive investing and growing need for more complex passive solutions. We continue to
work with the markets to provide the most comprehensive collection of index solutions.

Specifically to the ETF AUM associated with our indices, we saw an increase in 2019 due to significant
market appreciation, combined with product inflows. For the full year, market appreciation added $333

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

billion and inflows added $58 billion, bringing our year-end AUM to over $1.7 trillion. AUM is up more than
150% since the end of 2013.

Now I'd like to shift to our 2020 outlook. Our latest GDP forecast was developed in December '19 -- in
December 2019. Our economists expect 2020 global GDP growth of 3.3%, slightly higher than the 2019
forecast of 3.2%. Lower growth in the U.S., Europe and China is expected to be more than offset by
growth in Russia, Turkey, Mexico and Brazil. Please note that this doesn't take into account any potential
impact from the outbreak of the coronavirus.

The latest global refinancing study was issued earlier this week. The total amount of global debt maturing
in this study is $10.8 trillion over the next 5 years. This is up slightly from the $10.6 trillion highlighted
in last year's study. The chart on the right depicts the global high-yield debt maturing over the next 5
years. It totals to $2.5 trillion, up from $2.3 trillion in last year's study. The report notes that maturities
appear largely manageable in the near term as monetary easing by multiple central banks contributing to
favorable funding conditions for companies, particularly those with higher credit quality and about 77% of
the debt through 2024 is investment grade.

The company updated its 2020 bond issuance forecast in a report issued last week. Excluding international
public finance, issuance is expected to increase 5%. This is unchanged from the previous forecast that we
shared with you on the third quarter earnings call.

As you saw in an earlier slide, we use our framework, Powering the Markets of the Future, including 6
foundational capabilities to set our goals and allocate resources. For 2020, here are some of the top
initiatives aligned to this framework. Some of these are new for 2020, while many are multiyear initiatives
that we discussed in 2019.

Under global, we believe that we're in a unique position to bring additional transparency and independent
analytics to the capital markets in China. Both Ratings and Market Intelligence will continue their efforts in
this important market. Outside China, both Platts and Ratings will be extending their commercial presence
in Asia.

Under customer orientation, we continue building the Market Intelligence platform. In Ratings, we want to
make the vast array of models and data that are created during the Ratings process available to issuers
through Ratings360 and the fixed income investors through RatingsDirect and RatingsXpress.

We're simplifying Platts' 300-plus product offerings and grouping them into about a dozen commodity
classes. This will help customers better understand the full breadth and depth of our offerings within
commodity class.

Under innovation, after acquiring the ESG Ratings Business from RobecoSAM, we're now integrating their
data and methodologies with ours. This will bolster our ESG product offering.

Our data marketplace will help clients navigate and link increasing volumes of new and unstructured data.
In 2020, we'll introduce weather, satellite, foot traffic and FDA data, amongst others, linked to Market
Intelligence and Platts data.

In addition, our customers are demanding increased private company and SME coverage on the Desktop.

We're also working to launch an expanding suite of proprietary climate analytics, covering both physical
risk and transition risk on the Desktop and Xpressfeed. And we're integrating Trucost data with our equity
portfolio analytics and our credit analytics products.

Under technology, we're increasingly utilizing technology to improve the customer experience in 2020. An
example is the success that Platts and Kensho achieved in 2019 to dramatically accelerate the market on
close process for Dated Brent, while unleashing best-in-class, real-time analytical and data visualization
tools for our customers.

Another Kensho project is Omnisearch. After beta testing with 1,300 customers, we plan to bring
Omnisearch into production on the Market Intelligence platform in 2020.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Under operational excellence, we want to expand our successes with Kensho in data ingestion and
continue to leverage in-house RPA and third-party technologies to expand automation.

Under people, we want to continue to raise the technological acumen of every employee to our essential
tech program and expand the capabilities of our technologies through our data science academy. And we'll
maintain our foundational commitment to diversity and inclusion.

And now I'd like to turn the call over to Ewout Steenbergen, who will provide additional insights into our
capital plans and financial performance. Ewout?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Doug, and welcome to all of you on the call.

Let me start with our fourth quarter financial results. Revenue increased to 13%. Adjusted corporate
unallocated loss increased by 27% due to higher incentive compensation and professional fees. Adjusted
total expense increased to 12% due to higher incentive compensation and investment spending, and this
led to a 40 basis points improvement in our adjusted operating profit margin.

The increase in the tax rate was due to an unusually low rate in the fourth quarter of 2018. As we noted a
year ago, new tax regulations related to U.S. tax reform were issued in the fourth quarter of 2018, which
altered our previous assumptions.

Due to our share repurchase programs throughout the year, our diluted weighted average shares
outstanding declined by 2%.

And finally, we achieved a 14% increase in adjusted diluted EPS to $2.53 during the fourth quarter.

There are a number of non-GAAP adjustments to pretax income this quarter. Let me highlight the largest
items. During the quarter, we took advantage of lower interest rates to retire $800 million in debt and
replace it with $1.1 billion in new lower interest rate debt. As a result, there was $57 million associated
with the premium paid to retire bonds early. $11 million in restructuring charges in Market Intelligence and
corporate, we expect that this will result in an estimated $20 million in annual savings. We had $30 million
in deal-related amortization.

This is a slide that we shared at our Investor Day in May 2018, and the big framework that we outlined to
show the areas where we most impact shareholder value, and we have made great progress. This quarter,
we recorded revenue growth in every business with Ratings leading the way with a gain of 24%. As we
indicated on the first quarter 2019 earnings call, Market Intelligence incurred a substantial increase in
investment spending, which impacted its adjusted operating profit margin. All of the other businesses
recorded gains in adjusted operating profit margin.

Here, you see our headcount by business at the end of the last 3 years. One of the most important
changes in 2019 was the creation of technology centers in India, where we in-sourced IT work that was
previously handled by outside contractors. While this resulted in the addition of 687 employees, we
estimate that it will contribute approximately $16 million in annual savings.

We believe that funding organic growth projects is the best use of capital. During the 2018 fourth
quarter earnings call, we announced our plan to invest $90 million to $110 million in new projects to fuel
additional future organic growth. Many of these items are multiyear endeavors. We've made great strides
in advancing these projects and ended up investing $102 million in 2019. While the items marked with a
single asteric have been completed, I don't want to leave you with the impression that our work in ESG
is completed. There's still a substantial effort underway to incorporate the data and methodologies from
RobecoSAM and continue to build out our product offerings. However, these efforts are now funded as part
of business as usual spending by each business.

During 2020, we plan to invest $150 million to continue to advance many of the projects that began in
2019 as well as invest in several new projects. Once again, about half of these investments will be in
Market Intelligence. The new items are listed in red and include SME product build-out. Our focus is not

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

only to capture foundational data, like financial statements and corporate structure for millions of private
companies, but to complement this with differentiated alternative data and risk signals through a layer in
analytical tools based on S&P credit methodologies to give our customers a uniquely informed perspective
on SME companies they do business with.

Marketplace commercialization. The marketplace storefront will include access to a robust catalog of S&P
Global data, starting with Market Intelligence and select Platts content and, over time, extend across a
fuller gamut of SPGI data assets. Also the third-party data offered by the marketplace will be structured
and linked to S&P Global data to create logical alternative data packages that can readily be consumed.

Platts benchmark acceleration. Platts' shipping business is a small, fast-growing segment of the business
covering tankers. We'll be expanding coverage and building benchmarks in dry bulk freight and container
freight. Since shipping is linked to most of the other commodities, which Platts assesses, it will help
extend the value of our ecosystem.

In addition, within petrochemicals, we will introduce price assessments for recycled plastics. This aligns
with the increased emphasis on ESG across the company. No price reporting agency currently has
benchmark status in container freight or recycled plastics. All of these investments are aimed at either
growing revenue or enhancing EBITA.

At Investor Day, we introduced a $100 million 3-year cost reduction plan. It was based on productivity
improvements often through investments in support functions, real estate, technology and digital
infrastructure. I'm pleased to report that after our second year, we have made significant progress towards
the $100 million original plan. We estimate that we have achieved run rate savings of approximately $85
million. Examples include reducing our real estate footprint by exiting space at our London office, 2 Penn
Plaza in New York and our headquarters at 55 Water Street in New York. We also combined data centers,
offshore certain business services and consolidated select work streams from the businesses to centers of
excellence. We anticipate further savings in the future from technology and digital infrastructure as these
projects require more time to execute, along with continued consolidation of our real estate footprint.

Now turning to the balance sheet. We ended the year with $2.9 billion of cash and cash equivalents.
During the first quarter, we expect this balance to decline due to payments for the new $1 billion ASR;
the closing of the acquisition of the ESG Ratings Business from RobecoSAM; and annual incentive
compensation payments, which always occur in the first quarter.

Our adjusted growth leverage increased to 2.0x but remains well within our targeted range.

Free cash flow, excluding certain items, increased 29% in 2019 to $2.6 billion. This level is a bit higher
than our 2019 guidance due to strong fourth quarter Ratings revenue and improved receivable collections
associated with the implementation of a new order to cash system.

During the year, we returned $1.8 billion to repurchase 5.5 million shares and paid $560 million in
dividends.

In addition, we're actively working to fuel future growth through acquisitions and organic investments.

In 2019, our return of capital to shareholders equaled at 70% of 2019 free cash flow. This was less than
our target of 75% for a good reason because the fourth quarter cash flow was higher than expected. While
we have already begun our 2019 share repurchase program with open market purchases of approximately
$120 million in January, we'll initiate a new $1 billion ASR in the next few days.

Now let me turn to the segment results, starting with Ratings. A search in high-yield issuance and gains in
investment-grade issuance resulted in a 24% increase in Ratings revenue. We reported an 18% increase
in adjusted expenses, primarily due to increased incentive compensation and investment spending, offset
partially by lower IT cost from in-sourcing. The adjusted segment operating profit margin for the quarter
was 57.7%. For 2019, Ratings delivered a 120 basis point improvement in adjusted segment operating
profit margin to 57.2%.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Non-transaction revenue increased primarily due to fees associated with surveillance and intersegment
royalties, partially offset by lower new entity ratings. Transaction revenue surged due to strong bonds
rating activity, offset partially by bank loan ratings.

This slide depicts Ratings revenue by end markets. Corporates increased 26%; financial services increased
30%; structured finance increased 24%; and governments increased 43%, while the CRISIL and other
category decreased 1%. The chart on the right depicts additional detail of our structured revenue. The
strongest areas of growth were in CMBS, RMBS and structured credit.

Turning to S&P Dow Jones Indices. The segment delivered 9% revenue growth, 6% adjusted expense
growth and 10% adjusted segment operating profit growth. This led to an adjusted segment operating
profit margin of 67.8% for the quarter. For the full year, adjusted segment operating profit margin
increased 120 basis points to 69.2%.

Strong revenue growth during the quarter was driven by a 27% increase in asset-linked fees. This was
partially offset by a 35% decline in exchange-traded derivatives, resulting from the elevated levels of
market volatility that we experienced during the fourth quarter of 2018.

Key indicators for our exchange-traded derivatives volume were at more normalized levels in the fourth
quarter compared to the extremely strong volume in the fourth quarter of 2018. S&P 500 Index options
activity decreased 31%. VIX futures and options activity decreased 35%. And activity at the CME equity
complex decreased 28%.

Market Intelligence delivered organic revenue, which excludes revenue from the acquisitions, primarily
from 451 Research and the divestiture of SPIAS of 6% and active Desktop user growth of 10%. Also this
was the first $500 million revenue quarter for Market Intelligence ever. Adjusted expenses increased
12%, as roughly half of the company's 2019 investment spending was directed toward Market Intelligence
projects. As a result, adjusted segment operating profit decreased 6%, and the adjusted segment
operating profit margin decreased 410 basis points to 34.4%. For the full year, the adjusted segment
operating profit margin increased 10 basis points to 34.2%. While the year-over-year adjusted operating
profit margin decline was large in the fourth quarter, as you can see on this chart, the quarterly adjusted
operating profit margin has been fairly steady throughout 2019 as we had signaled before.

Desktop, the largest category, grew 1% organically. As we noted last quarter, growth in this category
has been slowing for the past few quarters due to several industry trends: lower industry growth in the
Desktop category; a continued competitive environment; and evolving customer preference for Desktop
and data feeds. The timing of contract renewals also impacted the growth in the quarter. In addition,
we don't believe that Desktop growth can reach its full potential until we have completed building out
the Market Intelligence platform and transitioned a material number of our customers through this next-
generation platform.

Data management solutions realized 11% revenue growth this quarter, once again, benefiting from
expansion and enhancement of the data feeds business.

Risk Services grew 10%, with RatingsXpress providing the greatest level of growth, as we continue to
expand the data feeds portion of Risk Services.

And now turning to the final business segment, Platts delivered organic revenue growth, which excludes
revenue from acquisitions of Live Rice Index and Enerdata, and the divestiture of RigData of 2%. Revenue
growth was negatively impacted by about 1% from U.S. sanctions, restricting our ability to conduct
business in certain countries, and another 1% from the timing of contract renewals.

Global Trading Services revenue increased 5% due mainly to increased trading volumes in iron ore and
LNG. LNG was particularly strong, but lower fuel oil activity tempered GTS growth. Adjusted expenses
declined 3% due to productivity improvements and disciplined cost control.

The fourth quarter adjusted segment operating profit margin increased to 50.4%. The full year adjusted
segment operating profit margin increased 110 basis points to 50.2%.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Platts revenue growth was the strongest in metals and agriculture, followed by power and gas. These
categories have benefited from recent product launches, such as Black Sea wheat and LNG. Petroleum
grew 2%.

Beginning in 2020, we are changing our methodology for allocating technology expenses. The new
methodology more accurately reflects usage. A recast version of our 2018 and 2019 quarterly results will
be released in March. In the meantime, to help you with your modeling, this table shows the expected
pretax impact to 2020 expenses for each of the business.

During the Investor Day in May of 2018, we introduced medium-term aspirational targets for the company.
We're pleased to use this morning's investor call to fine-tune these targets and to share the progress we
have made in just the first 2 years.

We target organic revenue growth of mid- to high single digit each year.

During 2019, all 4 businesses achieved this target. We target low double-digit adjusted EPS growth.
During 2019, we delivered 12%. We're committed to return at least 75% of our free cash flow each year.
In 2019, we returned 70% through share repurchases and dividends, as our fourth quarter cash flow
ended up being higher than we expected. And we established adjusted operating profit margin levels that
we targeted to achieve by the end of 2021.

In 2019, we made substantial progress with each of the businesses contributing to an overall 140 basis
point improvement in the company's adjusted operating profit margin. We're tightening the reins for 2
of the businesses' medium-term outlooks for adjusted operating profit margin. We're narrowing Market
Intelligence from mid- to high 30s to mid-30s and Indices from mid- to high 60s to high 60s. While some
of our aspirational targets have already been met, we continue to work toward full achievement of all of
our Investor Day aspirational targets.

Next, I would like to update you on Kensho. Kensho's capabilities are embedded throughout the company,
with projects underway in every business and a robust pipeline of additional projects. Omnisearch enables
considerably more advanced search functionality in our customer-facing platforms for both structured and
unstructured data. Beta versions of Omnisearch were released to select clients in investment banking,
private equity and investment management in the second half of last year. Full production is expected to
launch on the Market Intelligence platform in middle of 2020. And at that time, the plan is for Omnisearch
to be the default tool for all generalist users.

Entity linking uses machine learning to link data from different sources to the correct entities without
errors and in a fraction of the time it would take our employees. We have successfully automated the
linking of more than 7 million entities in 2019 from a U.K. company house branch based in China, GUILD
data, Trucost and several other alternative data providers. Now that we're up and running, we anticipate
linking an additional 20 million entities in 2020. This technology has cut our time to market for new data
by 6 months and reduced manual processing needs by more than 260,000 hours.

Codex is an end-to-end service that can ingest any document and provide the relevant data and
information for a user's needs. Examples include SEC filings or conference call transcripts. A beta version
will be introduced to select clients in the next few months.

Market on Close is the price discovery process used by Platts to determine commodity prices. Kensho
has 2 efforts underway. Internally, there is a project to optimize the price assessment process and get
assessments out to clients earlier. Externally, we are creating an interactive platform to offer clients in
more dynamic analytics offering of key insights around trends in volumes, price differentials, spread
movements and trading activity. We estimate the projects underway have the potential to generate a net
present value equal to the full purchase price of Kensho. We have made great strides and believe there's
much more value generation to be achieved, as we implement these and other projects over the next few
years.

Now I would like to introduce our 2020 guidance. This slide depicts our GAAP guidance, and please keep in
mind that our guidance reflects current spot market ForEx rates.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

This slide shows our adjusted guidance, an increase in revenue of mid- to high single digits with
contributions by every business segment: corporate unallocated expense of $150 million to $160 million;
deal-related amortization of $115 million to $120 million; Kensho retention plans of $10 million to $15
million; operating profit margin in a range of 50.3% to 51.3%; interest expense of $135 million to $140
million; a tax rate of 22.0% to 23.0%; and diluted EPS, which excludes deal-related amortization of
$10.40 to $10.60.

In addition, we expect capital expenditures of approximately $90 million and free cash flow, excluding
certain items, in a range of $2.6 billion to $2.7 billion.

Our 2020 guidance reflects an increase planned organic investments in new revenue opportunities and
productivity programs. This guidance also reflects our expectation that global economies will continue to
expand this year.

In conclusion, we delivered solid 2019 financial results while making great progress on productivity
programs, investment projects and new product launches. We're well positioned to continue to advance
our strategic initiatives and deliver solid financial results, again, in 2020. We look forward to updating you
on this progress as 2020 unfolds.

With that, let me turn the call back over to Chip for your questions.

Robert S. Merritt
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Thanks, Ewout. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we'll now take our first question.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

The first question is from Toni Kaplan from Morgan Stanley.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

You're spending a lot of investment dollars in Market Intelligence, which was telegraphed in previously,
so totally understand. But it is your most competitive business that you're in and you've just lowered the
margin target for the business on Slide 47. I guess why is it the right strategy to be investing in Market
Intelligence in such a heavy way? Just any thoughts around that.

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Thank you, Toni. First of all, as you know, when we meet with our customers and we're out in the market,
listening to what are the needs as well as we understand what is one of the most important trends
happening in business globally, it's about data and it's about technology. Market Intelligence is the data
engine of S&P Global. It's the distribution platform for our Ratings business. Platts is increasingly using
the Market Intelligence platform as an S&P Global platform. We have data factories and expertise in data
factories, data sciences in those businesses that we can utilize.

In addition, it's a platform for us for innovation. As you heard, and you know, the projects that we're
working on, whether it's the ESG projects that cross all of S&P Global, the data factory there is one
part of it that's really important. You understand that we're adding new data sets all the time into this
business. So it is a very competitive business. We recognize that. But for us, when you think about the
data revolution that's going on right now, the capabilities we need, the distribution for a company, we
think it's the right place to invest.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That makes a lot of sense. And then for my second question. Kensho, you talked about the different
initiatives you have going on there. Just in terms of Ratings, specifically, I know you're looking at being
able to be more efficient, essentially, with getting the current data -- current news and making that sort of
determine which credits should be analyzed. And so just wanted to hear the status on that and timing of
when that's targeted to be implemented and if there's any sort of efficiencies in Ratings embedded in the
guidance from that and for Ratings specifically.

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Toni, this is Ewout. Indeed, Kensho has also several projects underway in Ratings, for example, with
respect to surveillance, with respect to the buildout of the Ratings360 platform and with respect to
alternative credit indicators. So many of those initiatives are underway. Overall, you should look at Kensho
initiatives for the company as a whole that will contribute about half of those in revenue enhancement and
half into efficiencies. We have mentioned to you that Kensho is now working across the whole company,
so all businesses are taking advantage of this. And we're very pleased with where we are with Kensho.
Clearly, we are ahead compared to the original plan with respect to the number of initiatives we have
implied and the overall value generation that we are able to achieve with Kensho.

Operator

Next question comes from Manav Patnaik from Barclays.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

The first question is just around the whole ESG initiative. I know you said it wasn't done, but I just wanted
to try and understand like what it meant by the data factory being complete in the new products and how
does SAM fit into all this in terms of incremental monetization of all your efforts.

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Thanks, Manav. Well, first of all, when you hear probably other investors in other investor calls, when
you see what were the discussions over the last 6 months from investors from Davos, et cetera, ESG
and climate transition and related topics are really top of mind for investors as they think about climate
transition, they think about the factors, which are important for companies and organizations to be
successful. So within that trend, we took a step back, as you know, about 1.5 years ago and put in place
a team that crossed all of S&P Global to design a future business model for us that would allow us to take
advantage of those trends. And there's a couple elements I want to mention.

First of all, we've decided that for our own company, we need to operate at very high standards of ESG.
So when it comes to the E, we've done TCFD reporting. We have goals, our own measurable goals for
greenhouse gas emissions for plastics, for paper, et cetera. In the S, we're dedicated to D&I committee,
how we think about that across the entire company. And then in the governance, as you know, we have a
separation of the CEO and the Chairman, and we have very strong practices at our Board. So in order for
us to have a credible approach to ESG, we think it has to start in our own company.

So then more to your question, we think that addressing the needs of issuers, of investors, of asset
owners, of regulators, of governments, et cetera, that we're going to have to have a set of different types
of products and solutions that will meet all those different needs. And in order to do that, we have a
unified data approach at the center, which includes the Trucost and analytics. Now RobecoSAM is being
built into that. And we think that, that's a way that we can start meeting all the different needs.

As I've said before on other calls, I think we're in the second inning of this in a 9-inning game. Maybe,
it'd be actually even more accurate to say that the rules of the game are still being formulated, while it's
also important that we're at standard setting boards, like the TCFD, the SASB and places like the World
Economic Forum.

Just finally, one other comment. We've already launched many products, which I think are -- have been
quite successful. As you know, Trucost and SAM on their own have successful products. We've mentioned
the S&P 500 ESG and the Rating Evaluations. We think we're off to a strong start, but we think this is
going to be a really important tool and area for all financial investors.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Got it. And then just on the Market intelligence side of things, I guess. I think you talked about the
Desktop business probably doesn't reaccelerate or get better until you transition the -- everyone to the
Market Intelligence platform. So where are we on that in terms of timing with that and when we could
expect Desktop start doing better?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes, this is going to continue through 2020. And through 2020, we have various new data sets that we're
adding in. I mentioned a couple of them earlier, which are weather, FDA data. We also have internal
data sets ready, and like Trucost and RobecoSAM. But in addition to that, we have a program where
we're starting to offer dual access to users throughout the year, as we continue with the transition of the
program. So by the end of the year, we expect that we will have a large percentage of the customers on
dual access.

As you know, there's a couple of really important functionality in the Cap IQ platform that we want to
make sure that we are very careful with the transition. It's screening. It has to do with Excel plug-ins,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

things like that. And so we want to make sure that we're very conscious of the needs of the customers, as
we continue with this transition.

Operator

Next question in the queue is from Michael Cho from JPMorgan.

Y. Cho
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I just want to follow up on the -- on your -- on the ESG points that you made. Just in 2019, what was the
ESG performance kind of broadly for the company in general? And what kind of expectations you have
going into 2020?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Michael. We saw a significant growth in our revenue for ESG across the company. At the same time,
we fell slightly short from the revenue target that we have disclosed in our TCFD report. The reason was
there that some of our initiatives, we had to slow them a bit down with respect to the acquisition of SAM
because the SAM acquisition provides us a common ESG data platform, common methodologies. So some
of the new business initiatives, we had to slow down in order to get in a better place to accelerate going
forward again. So we're still committed to 40% CAGR on our ESG revenues over the next few years.

Y. Cho
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Great. And if I could just switch gears, I just want to touch on Market Intelligence China initiative.
Can you just remind us on the go-to-market in China for Market Intelligence specifically? What kind of
customers or industries are you targeting? Are there certain subjects that you're looking to go after first?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes, thank you. Yes, this is -- the Market Intelligence platform in China launch is based off of a similar
proposition that we have in other markets around the world. We see that the Chinese capital markets are
starting to open up. In fact, it was quite encouraging that in the recent trade negotiations with the U.S.
and China, we saw a lot of progress on the opening up of financial -- foreign financial players in China.
And so if you think about what the needs are of the Chinese market, it's the Mandarin language. And so
in addition to providing Mandarin language of our own offshore data that we're taking into China, we're
building relationships with credit shops, with data providers, et cetera, to bring the traditional data we
would have of balance sheet, financial statements, corporate actions, et cetera, certain types of news. So
we're building out a platform in Mandarin, which will be responsive to the needs of the new investors.

Operator

Next question is from Hamzah Mazari from Jefferies.

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Doug, you referenced China opened up its market for ratings, companies in Phase 1 of the trade
agreements. Do you think that creates extra competition for you? I know you're sort of first-mover there?
And maybe how does that change the dynamic for you, if at all, in your long-term strategy there?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

I -- first of all, welcome, Hamzah. It's nice to hear back from you. We were -- so in China, with the
changes in the financial markets, we think that there's plenty of room for many different opinions of the
credit markets and that we will actually benefit from having other international rating agencies with a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

domestic presence using similar standards that we have. And in addition to that, as I mentioned, more
broadly, the overall message that the financial markets are going to continue to open is one that's very
positive.

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. And just on my follow-up question. Anything investors should be looking out for as you think about
the November 2020 election that could impact your business, positive or negative? And the reason I ask
is when you had tax reform, that really impacted the Ratings business, and some people were caught off
guard with how issuance played out. And I know there are various scenarios here, and nobody can predict
sort of movement. But just anything positive, negative we should be looking out for?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Well, as you know, the foundation of all of our businesses is less external factors, political factors. It's
much more related to fundamental economic growth, interest rates, the pipeline of M&A transactions,
et cetera. Those are the factors that have the largest impact on our opportunities. And so those are the
things that we'll be watching. So if there could be some sort of political impact on growth, that might be
the way that we are -- that we would see some sort of changes to our business. But for us, right now,
what we're spending much more of our time is looking at factors that are going to be driving growth.
The one factor I'd mentioned, which is maybe a little bit less political because it's in the central banks, is
negative interest rates. When I meet with investors around the world, one of the topics that people are
still trying to figure out is what's going to be the long-term direction of interest rates, will we see interest
rates stay low for a long time. And so that is probably the one factor beyond growth that I also watch very
carefully.

Operator

Next question is from Andrew Nicholas from William Blair.

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

First, just on the medium-term guidance change for Market Intelligence. I just was curious. I mean is that
primarily due to the new IT allocation policy? Or is there also a structural change in the level of investment
you needed or believe you need from a competitive perspective?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Andrew, that change in the aspirational targets for Market Intelligence narrowing this to mid-30s is
independent from the change in our technology allocation. So in other words, we would have done that
anyhow independently if we would have made the change to the allocation methodology or not. And
if you look at Market Intelligence margins for this year, we would expect those to be more or less flat
with 2019, excluding this allocation change. What you see is 2 underlying trends. One, normal course of
business margin expansion; and then the dilutive effect of some of the more recent acquisitions going in
the other direction. So therefore, excluding the allocation change year-over-year, more or less flat. And
then in 2021, we expect that margins will continue to expand again for Market Intelligence towards the
aspirational target level of mid-30s. But you have to take into account that we are making those additional
significant investments with respect to our strategic projects for Market Intelligence, so it is a bit of an
impact you see for these years. But ultimately, obviously, those will yield to additional benefits in terms of
commercial position, revenue, sales improvements and also margin expansion in the future.

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Great. And then one on Platts. I think in your prepared remarks, you talked about the new investment
plans there. Your idea is to accelerate some investments in the benchmark business. So on that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

topic, I was just hoping you could remind us what a typical product adoption curve looks like for a
new benchmark. Just trying to get a sense for when you generally expect a new benchmark to start
contributing in terms of revenue.

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes, thank you. Yes, benchmarks definitely take a while to develop. But on the other hand, there's a
lot of new asset classes that either don't really have a strong benchmark or they're looking for much
more liquidity or global trading. And we've had an approach over the last 4 or 5 years to start looking for
addition of new types of asset classes to diversify us beyond traditional petroleum. We've looked at wheat.
We just recently bought rice. In the energy sector, we think that natural gas is a really important transition
energy. We've just recently launched some new benchmarks. Hydrogen is one that we've just launched,
and Ewout mentioned earlier that we are looking at recycled plastics. But back to your -- the question
you have. It does take years from 3 to 7 years for a benchmark to become a true benchmark when you're
starting from scratch, which is one of the reasons, like buying a company like Live Rice or Enerdata that
already have benchmarks, also allows us to accelerate our knowledge and expertise in a new type of asset
class.

Operator

Next question comes from Bill Warmington from Wells Fargo.

William Arthur Warmington
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

So I had a question on Market Intelligence, the data marketplace. That seems like a particularly
competitive business. And just wanted to ask what you're doing to differentiate your offering versus the
other competitors in the space.

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes, thank you. You're absolutely right, but it's -- for us, we think of it as we bring the expertise in our
data management and our ability to link and pull data together. We also have -- we start with the position
of strength that the core data that we already have is must-have data, whether it's Ratings, it's Platts, it's
energy data, et cetera. But we're able to find partnerships of people who don't have access to the kind of
customer base we do, third-party information, some of it being from public sources and some of it being
from private sources. So we see this as an opportunity. What's interesting for me when I meet with our
customers is how many of them need data solutions, ways that they can use their own data linked with
the kind of data we have. And we see this as a really necessary capability we have to be competitive in the
future.

William Arthur Warmington
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

And for my second question, I wanted to ask if you could talk about the higher medium-term margin
target for indices and what's behind them.

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Bill, more or less, if you look at the actual results for the Index business, we're already at the high 60
level. So that's the reason why we have narrowed the range to effectively we're already today with respect
to margins for the Index business.

Operator

Next question is from Craig Huber from Huber Research Partners.

Craig Anthony Huber

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Huber Research Partners, LLC

My first question is on ESG. Can you just talk a little bit about how you plan on pricing ratings
assessments, if you will, for ESG going forward here? Is it going to be an annual fee? Or is it going to be a
large upfront fee and then just more of a surveillance fee like you're doing on the traditional debt ratings
side of things? And also, along the lines, what is the annual run rate of ESG revenues right now, including
RobecoSAM? And then I have a follow-up question.

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes, let me answer the first one, and then I'll hand the second part off to Ewout. The model that we
have is an issuer pay-type model. We find that being -- having access to management to be able to go
meet with them, to understand their entire ESG program in depth as well as their company. And it's very
important that one of the aspects we look at in our ESG evaluation is the readiness of management, their
preparedness to look at across all of the ESG factors. And we're starting off with a single fee at issuance.
And then that will be -- something that will be maintained over time. But we can provide you some more
information as we have more volume. But in addition to the annual fee, there will also be -- I mean, to the
-- fee at launch, there will also be a surveillance fee along with that. And Ewout will answer the question
on the...

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Right. With respect to our overall ESG revenues, including RobecoSAM, approximately $50 million. Where
-- that's where we are. The way you have to look at RobecoSAM is this is a very strategic acquisition
for the company. It is not an entity that comes with a lot of revenues because the data sources there
were more used for the investment process of Robeco itself as well as this was the main data source
underneath the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, the S&P 500, ESG index and other ESG indices from our
Index business. But now we own these data sources. And particularly, the time series that come with
it, that is very important. We're able to commercialize this going forward. So RobecoSAM, you should
see more as an opportunity for us to address 2 very large ESG market needs. First, the need to get to
standards. And secondly, the need to get to better quality data because most of the data today is outside
in, and this provides us with much more details based on the surface that are being filled in by 1,300,
1,400 corporates around the world. So therefore, we see this as a very strategic acquisition that should
help us with acceleration of our ESG revenues in the future.

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

And then my up -- last question here. On the Ratings side, can you just remind us a year ago what you
were looking for, for global debt issuance? And what it -- on your data, what did the year end up as? And
one particular question is, what was materially better or worse than you guys were originally expecting?
I realize, of course, a year ago, we have come up with a difficult fourth quarter, a tough start to the year
and all, that's not being derogatory. The question, I'm just curious, what was materially better or worse
versus your original outlook for debt issuance for 2019?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

We -- I don't remember the precise number. I'd rather get back to you with the precise number of what
we said for the year. But I know that we've far exceeded it. So if you look at total debt issuance in 2019,
it was up 6% overall, but it was, as usual, the mix was quite different than maybe what we thought at
the beginning of the year. Corporates were up about 34.5%, financial institutions were up 35%. Public
finance was way up. And if you recall, we were also coming off of a -- what had been the 2018 tax reform
impact of corporates that had stopped issuing. If you remember, there was a synthetic issuance that had
been happening when people were doing synthetic bond issuance to bring basically cash. So we've seen
in 2018, there were a lot of factors in 2018 that we were not quite certain where it's going to come out.
We -- I see now that the 2019 issuance forecast was actually flat to down about 1%. So it was -- ended

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

up being up 6%. But there's a combination of capital markets activity, low interest rates, mergers and
acquisitions, public finance market rebounded. It was up over 50% last year. Structured finance was
actually down in 2019. It was down 9% for the full year. So there were a lot of movements in this. And
you can see that full year, we went -- ended up at 6% overall with up in corporate, up in financial services,
public finance. Actually, I gave you that number before, 51% was for the quarter. The year was 20%. So if
you look at those, the mix ended up being different than what we originally expected at the beginning of
the year.

Operator

Next question comes from Jeff Silber from BMO Capital Markets.

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

I know you typically don't give specific segment guidance, but Ewout, you kind of opened up the door
when you were talking about Market Intelligence in terms of what you're expecting for margins this year.
Can we get a little bit more color for the other segments on margins as well?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Jeff, and I realize I have invited you with that statement to answer this question. With respect
to top line, we expect all businesses to achieve mid- to high single-digit revenue growth for this year,
except for Platts. For Platts, the expectation should be more around mid-single digits for 2020. But all
other segments, as well as the company as a whole, think about mid- to high single-digit revenue growth
this year.

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

And on the margin side.

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

On the margins, we don't give really by segment, but you saw in the overall guidance, a range of 50.3%
to 51.3%, up from 50.2% for last year, so continued margin expansion. Underneath, you should see this in
a way of a $50 million net increase of our strategic investment program from $102 million to $150 million,
offset by continued self-funding of those initiatives, productivity programs, efficiency programs, operating
leverage and, therefore, margin expansion also year-over-year.

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Right. And my follow-up, you have that great slide on Slide 15 where you talked about total high-yield
issuance and leverage loan volume kind of staying at the 10-year average. I'm just curious, when you
have a mix from one to the other, how does that impact margins in your Ratings business, if at all?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

It doesn't have that big of an impact on margins. Occasionally, the leverage loan volume ends up being
more repricing than it is actual new issuance, which is a much lower revenue piece. But the difference in
pricing between 2 is not that significant.

Operator

The next question is from George Tong with Goldman Sachs.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

You updated your 2020 bond issuance forecast and expect total issuance to be up 5%, which is unchanged
from your prior forecast. Can you discuss the nuances on what's changed within the bond issuance
categories, if any?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

There hasn't been much change on the issuance categories between the 2 forecasts. The way that they're
set up right now, the -- we're looking at these. As you know, we look at the -- what is the maturity
schedules, which are coming forward for different types of corporates, financial institutions, et cetera.
We have outlooks on growth, which we provided you some of our expectations on growth. And then we
also take a look at what's happening in the mergers and acquisitions field, what we see going forward
there. And we talk to banks and investment banks. But we see the corporate sector up about 6%; financial
institutions, a little bit over 3%; and then we see -- we believe there's going to be pretty active activity in
the public finance area, which really picked up last year and be up about 5%. And structured finance, we
see relatively flat.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. You've -- you're ramping your investment spend to $150 million this year with half of
the investments going to Market Intelligence. What do you think the cadence of investment spending will
be over the course of 2020? And what kind of a revenue lift do you expect from the investment specifically
in Market Intelligence?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. You will see this more equally being divided over the 4 quarters this year. You recall, last year, it was
quite a ramp-up in the second half of the year with investment spend for those strategic projects. This
year, it should probably be a little bit more equal. It's hard to give you a precise answer on when you
see the benefits showing up because it really depends on each of those initiatives. Some of the benefits
are already in our current results. Think about some of the technology benefits for Scribe, the Transcript
business, think about some of the automation, some of the processes that we have in place. Some, we
will see the commercial benefits coming in later this year and in 2021. Think about the ESG initiatives,
the SME marketplace and some are a little bit further out. Think about the China initiatives that we really
expect the revenue benefit to be in a few years in the future. So it depends a bit by initiative. Of course,
we have strong business cases underneath all of them, so that we are really comfortable that those
investments ultimately will pay off in the right way economically for the company and our shareholders.

Operator

We will now take our final question from Joseph Foresi from Cantor Fitzgerald.

Joseph Dean Foresi
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division

I should make mine like a 6-part question. I'm kidding. Just 2, and you can be brief with the answers. I'm
wondering about trying to figure out how the future catalysts are going to play out. You've gotten a lot of
questions on ESG. Can you give us some sense of how big you see that as an opportunity? And then what
determines the winners there? I mean everyone seems to be kind of working on a land grab, and I wanted
to just get your opinion on sort of how we can determine who's going to win there.

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. I don't -- can't necessarily tell you what the end game size is, but this is going to become a very big
initiative at all investors. Every investor I've been meeting with recently is coming up with some sort of
an approach that they need to respond to asset owners. There is a demand coming from asset owners
to understand within the investment managers what's inside of the portfolios, what's the climate impact,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

what's the social impact, et cetera. And there's very -- there's different types of investments that span
from the pure impact investing to the -- that which is looking more to an energy transition portfolio. But
this -- my assumption here is that this is going to be large. It's going to be like a Market Intelligence-type
product over time. Whether it's going to be the size of our entire Market Intelligence business or a large
segment within it, that's the way we're thinking about it.

When you think about what's going to determine who are going to be the winners, who's going to survive
in this, we think that we're already seeing a consolidation starting to take place with us and others buying
up some of the smaller properties. You've seen that we bought Trucost and we bought RobecoSAM. But
what's going to create success is somebody who's going to have global reach. They're going to have the
highest quality products, highest quality services. They're going to be able to have responsive products
across multiple types of asset classes, multiple types of needs. So we see this as a scale business with
multiple needs. And we're going to have to have really good people that are driving this. So those are the
factors that we're putting in place to drive this. But we see that global and scale are going to be really
would end up seeing the winner.

Joseph Dean Foresi
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division

Okay. And then finally, just to close the conversation on China. You talked about some of the recent
political changes there. And the virus aside, how do you think about when that starts to be a material
impact to numbers and how big could that opportunity get for you as well?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Joe, overall, the China revenues for the company are less than 2%. So in the bigger scheme, the impact
would not be material for the result of the company in the future, whatever is going to be the scenario,
how this fire situation is going to play out.

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Well, let me just make a final comment. First of all, I want to thank everyone for being on the call and for
your questions. As you know, we're very pleased with the solid financial results we had in 2019 across the
company. And in addition to being able to be responsive to the markets, we also were very pleased that
we can also invest for growth. And you heard our excitement about the different areas we're investing
in marketplace, ESG, SME, China, et cetera. And we think that those are important for us to drive with
discipline, continue to report how those are going. At the same time, we have great people that are
driving our day-to-day business ahead very well. So we're very pleased with our prospects for 2020, and
we look forward to keeping in touch with you throughout the year. Thank you very much.

Operator
That concludes this morning's call. A PDF version of the presenter slides is available now for downloading
from investor.spglobal.com. A replay of the entire call will be available in about 2 hours. The webcast with
audio and slides will be maintained on S&P Global's website for one year. The audio-only telephone replay
will be maintained for one month. On behalf of S&P Global, we thank you for participating, and we wish
you a good day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 06, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

