S&P Global Inc. NYSE:SPGI
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, October 27, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

2.55

2.85

Revenue  (mm)

1740.27

1846.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-27-2020 12:07 PM GMT

11.76

6.08

2.43

11.10

11.60

1743.44

7207.63

7487.27

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.42

2.32

2.64

2.55

2.53

2.73

3.40

2.85

4.55 %

17.67 %

28.79 %

11.76 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive
Director

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Robert S. Merritt
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to S&P Global's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. I'd like to
inform you that this call is being recorded for broadcast. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to introduce Mr. Chip Merritt, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for S&P Global.
Sir, you may begin.

Robert S. Merritt
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Thank you, and thank you for joining us today for S&P Global's Third Quarter Earnings Call.
Presenting on today's call are Doug Peterson, President and CEO; and Ewout Steenbergen, Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We issued a news release with our third quarter 2020 results
earlier today. If you need a copy of the release and financial schedules, they can be downloaded at
investor.spglobal.com.

In today's earnings release and during the conference call, we're providing adjusted financial information.
This information is provided to enable investors to make meaningful comparisons of the corporation's
operating performance between periods and to review the corporation's business from the same
perspective as management's.

The earnings release contains exhibits that reconcile the difference between the non-GAAP measures
and the comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. This call, especially the
discussion of our outlook, contain statements about expected future events that are forward-looking and
are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
expectations can be found in our filings with the SEC and on our website.

Before we begin, I need to provide certain cautionary remarks about forward-looking statements.
Except for historical information, the matters discussed in the teleconference may contain forward-
looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including
projections, estimates and descriptions of future events. Any such statements are based on current
expectations and current economic conditions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause
actual results to differ materially from results anticipated in these forward-looking statements. In this
regard, we direct listeners to the cautionary statements contained in our Form 10-Ks, 10-Qs and other
periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

I would also like to call your attention to a European regulation. Any investor who has or expects to obtain
ownership of 5% or more of S&P Global should give me a call to better understand the impact of this
legislation on the investor and potentially the company.

We are aware that we do have some media representatives with us on the call. However, this call is
intended for investors, and we would ask that questions from the media be directed to Dave Guarino at
(212) 438-1471.

At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Doug Peterson. Doug?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Thank you, Chip. Good morning, and welcome to today's earnings call.

Before I talk about our third quarter financial highlights, I want to thank our people at S&P Global for their
dedication and commitment in these extremely unusual and challenging times. Our people remain focused
on supporting each other, our customers and our communities through this ongoing pandemic. And I've
been impressed with how our people have been deploying relevant and timely research to help our clients

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

navigate the uncertainty of the pandemic. We're fortunate that the vast majority of our employees can
work remotely and continue to deliver the highest value to our customers.

Now let me begin with our third quarter financial highlights. S&P Global continues to perform well in the
current environment, and all 4 businesses delivered revenue growth. Ratings once again delivered the
strongest revenue growth, in part due to a 94% increase in U.S. high-yield issuance. During our first
quarter earnings call, we explained the expense controls we're putting in place to manage through the
pandemic. Based on the strong performance we have delivered year-to-date, we've begun to unwind some
of these controls. Most importantly, we've begun hiring again in open positions. In addition, our incentive
accruals were increased substantially during the third quarter to reflect this strong performance. And we're
pleased to increase our full year 2020 guidance by $0.50 to $0.55, which Ewout will discuss in a moment.

I'd also like to share some additional highlights from the third quarter. Our investment in growth initiative
continues to result in new product launches, additional data sets and new technology enhancements.
We've made great progress across all 4 divisions in ESG as our recently launched products are gaining
traction in the market.

We also continue to be committed to running our operations in the most cost-effective manner. And
we're introducing a new $120 million productivity program today, which Ewout will discuss in a moment.
We recently refinanced a portion of our outstanding debt, extending maturities at lower rates. And we
continue to design and reimagine the workplace of the future by incorporating technology solutions to
transform how we serve our customers, where we work and how we work. The project is still underway,
and we hope to share the outcome with you on the fourth quarter earnings call.

To recap the financial results for the third quarter, revenue increased 9% to $1.8 billion. Our adjusted
operating profit increased 11%, and our adjusted operating profit margin increased 100 basis points to
52.9%, and this was despite a catch-up to our incentive compensation accrual of over $50 million. As
you know, we measure and track adjusted operating profit margin on a trailing 4-quarter basis, which
increased 370 basis points to 53.8%. In addition, shares outstanding decreased 2% over the past year,
contributing to the 16% increase in adjusted diluted EPS.

Each quarter, we highlight a few key drivers to our business and important projects underway. This
quarter, let's start with ratings issuance trends. During the third quarter, global bond issuance increased
7%. If we also include bank loan ratings volume, total global issuance increased 4%.

Here are some key points regarding third quarter issuance. First, the further we get from the March credit
sell-off, the more investors have been purchasing weaker credits. Second, yields on U.S. nonfinancial
corporate debt are in near all-time lows, bringing issuers into the market. In fact, there were 2 large
investment-grade corporates that issued debt in September to replace debt they've just issued in March.

And third, despite the strong U.S. issuance that has occurred in the last few quarters, we've identified
more than 60 issuers that had issued at least $5 billion between 2017 and 2019 that have not tapped the
bond market this year. They're on the what we call our "what are you waiting for" list.

Turning to the data. In the U.S., bond issuance in aggregate increased 9% as investment-grade decreased
5%, high yield increased 94%, public finance increased 25%, reaching the highest third quarter issuance
in the last 10 years. And structured finance decreased 12% with large reductions in CLOs and CMBS,
partially offset by a gain in ABS.

European bond issuance decreased 8% as investment-grade decreased 7%, high yield increased 3%, and
structured finance decreased 17% due to reductions in every asset class except RMBS, which posted a
large increase. In Asia, bond issuance increased 19% overall.

During the quarter, Ratings completed 5 domestic ratings in China, bringing the total to date to 18. In
addition, the PBOC, CSRC and SAFE jointly released a draft policy to attract international investors to
the domestic bond market on September 2, which indicates another round of opening of China's capital
markets. The draft policy includes suggested actions to simplify the market access process, integrate
access to the interbank bond market and exchange bond market and reduce foreign exchange control.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

There are 2 major bond markets in China. One is the interbank market, where we received a license
to operate from the PBOC in 2019. The other is the exchange market, which is regulated by the China
Securities Regulatory Commission. Just last week, we successfully filed a registration with the CSRC to
rate products on Chinese exchange bond market. This means we have the widest remit of any wholly
foreign-owned credit rating agency in the market and one that is on par with the domestic players.

Bank loan rating activity is not captured in issuance data. Since it's an important element of Ratings
revenue, we like to disclose this bank loan rating revenue each quarter. In the third quarter, it decreased
28% from the prior period to $58 million. High-yield bonds were clearly the preferred option for issuers
again this quarter.

On this slide, we look at the total amount of global debt outstanding. As you can see, it's been growing
every year by an average of $884 billion or approximately 5%. In the first 9 months of this year, the
amount of global debt outstanding increased by over $1.2 billion, clearly a significant increase.

This is a slide that we have shared with you in the past. What is noticeably different is that the duration of
newly issued U.S. investment-grade and high-yield bonds have diverged in 2020, with investment-grade
duration extending out to almost 13 years and high-yield contracting to close to 7 years. While many
companies would like to extend maturities to take advantage of historically low rates, only the higher-
quality credits are able to do so. As the total amount of U.S. investment-grade debt outstanding has
increased significantly in 2020, most of that increase has come from longer-dated maturities, while the
volume of debt outstanding with maturities of 1 to 5 years is similar to what it was in early 2020.

Next, we analyze upcoming maturity data from different points in time. As you can see, approximately
9% of 2021 maturities have been refinanced year-to-date. While this is global data, if we look at the U.S.
data, we find that in the full year of 2019, maturities coming due the following year in 2020 were reduced
by 15%, while in the first 9 months of 2020, maturities coming due in the following year in 2021 were
reduced by 18%.

So part of the flurry of issuance in the last 2 quarters has included a slight increase in the pull forward
of near-term debt. The big unknown is how much delayed pull-forward exists. An example would be a
company that issued new debt to increase liquidity and is sitting on the cash. There may be a point when
a bond maturity comes due in the next year or 2, and they use this cash to pay it down. However, the
real question is, will they still have the cash on hand or will they have burned through the cash during the
pandemic? That will depend on the individual company and the impact of the pandemic on that company.

So we conclude there has been a slight increase in pull-forward activity of 2021 maturities. More
pronounced is the surge in new issuance that has created an uptick in the growth of total global corporate
debt.

Turning to our investments in growth initiatives. Let me start with ESG. We've been providing the market
with data and insights on sustainability for over 20 years. But over the past few years and now during the
pandemic, we see increasing and accelerating demand for clear, consistent and comprehensive ESG data
and solutions. And we have an ESG strategy based off of leading products across all 4 divisions.

In Ratings in the second quarter, 15 ESG evaluations were completed or in progress. In the third quarter,
it was up to 61. In the second quarter, we completed 3 Green Evaluations. And in the third quarter, we
completed 13. In Market Intelligence, we recently launched the S&P Global ESG Scores and have closed 7
deals to date. In Indices, we had $6.1 billion of ESG ETF AUM at the end of last year. As of the end of the
third quarter, it was up over 50% to $9.5 billion.

In addition, let me highlight a few other new products. Last quarter, we shared with you that our Trucost
climate data has been integrated into our portfolio analytics product. We have since integrated the full
suite of Trucost data into the Market Intelligence platform. We have now successfully made all of our
Trucost data available through all of our distribution avenues, which include the Market Intelligence
platform, Xpressfeed and the cloud. If you'd like to better understand what content is available, it's
showcased on the S&P Global Marketplace. Now our clients can combine the Trucost data with other S&P
Global data for a more integrated customer experience.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

In building a powerful benchmark, establishing a network effect is critical. To that end, we had 2 new
launches of products based on the S&P 500 ESG Index, a State Street ETF and CBOE options. [Technical
Difficulty] ESG ETFs, futures and options and insurance products all reinforce each other to make the S&P
500 ESG Index more relevant to the market.

Lyxor launched 4 new climate ETFs based on S&P Dow Jones Paris-aligned climate indices. The ETFs will
integrate the greenhouse gas emissions of the entire value chain of any given company while also taking
the physical risk to business activity from extreme climate events into account.

Platts launched the first European price assessment for sustainable aviation fuel. Sustainable aviation fuel
is produced from used cooking oil and can be blended with conventional fossil-based aviation fuel.

The energy transition consolidated product that was launched on the Platts platform is unique in that it
spans across multiple commodities. Platts has been covering energy transition topics for over 15 years.
Users, who once had to navigate through numerous platforms and market reports, can now find this
information in a single location.

We've had an incredible year of innovation and product launches. Let me highlight a few more that
occurred this quarter. Market Intelligence launched ProSpread. This is a remarkable product that many of
you might find valuable as it eliminates the time-consuming process of manual input of financial statement
data into your workspace. ProSpread is a workflow tool that automates the extraction and spreading
of financial data from PDF, JPEG and other image files. Optical character recognition, natural language
processing and machine learning are combined to drive extraction from even poor quality PDFs or image
files in 9 languages. Continuous learning ensures manual adjustments are applied seamlessly to future
filings.

Next, we have continued our expansion of the coverage of SMEs. This quarter, we added data on 10
million European private company profiles with standardized financials to the Market Intelligence platform.

On our first quarter call, we featured the launch of the S&P Global Marketplace, our new open access
platform, where clients can browse and gain access to data sets from all 4 of our divisions as well as
curated third-party data and solutions from Kensho. This quarter, we reached the milestone of 100 data
sets and solutions. We have also completed sales contracts with approximately 50 clients.

During the quarter, we completed an enterprise-wide contract with Snowflake. Cloud-based delivery
enables customers to simplify their data management and work with multiple large data sets more
efficiently. Since Snowflake is cloud-agnostic, the data on the S&P Global Marketplace is ready to query
and is easily accessible via multiple cloud platforms.

We released a beta version of the China Credit Analytics platform. This is an integrated desktop solution
that generates credit insights on more than 30 million Chinese private companies using differentiated
content and localized analytics aligned with S&P Global standard. The platform is available through a dual-
language user interface that supports both Chinese and English.

The CME Group launched a cash-settled Platts South American soybean futures contract, which provides a
risk management tool for market participants looking to hedge. The CME Group also launched a new long
grain white rice futures contract.

As you know from earlier this year, we acquired Live Rice Index. One of the synergies of acquiring small
price reporting agencies is that we are already IOSCO-compliant. This helps us with the CME Group's
decision to list this new futures contract.

And finally, we're piloting a microgrid called Distro at the Port of Rotterdam for renewable energy. Distro
is a marketplace that connects renewable energy and storage with energy users. It utilizes artificial
intelligence and blockchain technology to solve the problem of intermittent renewable energy. It's great to
be able to showcase how Platts is bringing its core capabilities in pricing, empowering energy markets to
the unique landscape being created by the energy transition.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Next, I would like to provide additional information as we plan for 2021. Let me start with the issuance
outlook from our Ratings research group. The initial 2020 forecast was for an increase of 5%, excluding
international public finance. It now calls for an increase of 13%. So after issuance growth of 15% in 2019
and a forecast of 13% in 2020, our Ratings research group anticipates that issuance will decrease 3% in
2021. While the forecast calls for a 5% gain in financials, nonfinancials, structured and U.S. municipals
issuance are expected to decrease 9%, 6% and 1%, respectively. Please note that this is an issuance
forecast, not a revenue forecast.

As you see here, our economists forecast global GDP to resume growth in 2021 after a decline in 2020.
While the correlation between GDP and issuance was severed by the pandemic, we expect the long-term
correlation to remain intact.

Our economists acknowledge a high degree of uncertainty about the evolution of the coronavirus
pandemic. The current consensus among health experts is that COVID-19 will remain a threat until a
vaccine or effective treatment becomes widely available, which could be around mid-2021. The forecast
anticipates unevenness in recovery, both by country and by industry.

As you've seen, we performed well during the pandemic and see business conditions in 2021 that should
favor continued relevance of what we do across every business. But as I wrap up my remarks, I want to
remind investors that despite the strong performance we've been delivering in the midst of the pandemic,
we continue to monitor the macroeconomic and geopolitical landscape for risks and contingencies that
could impact markets, our clients and possibly our company. These include the ongoing impact of the
pandemic on business activity and the timing of approval and delivery of a vaccine; the speed of economic
recovery across national and regional economies; the U.S. policy environment after the election, including
bilateral and multilateral international relationships; public sector economic support through fiscal stimulus
and central bank liquidity and interest rate policies; credit market characteristics; and commodity market
supply, demand and prices.

I will now turn the call over to Ewout Steenbergen, who is going to provide additional insights into our
financial performance and outlook. Ewout?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Doug, and good morning to all of you on the call. Let me start with our third quarter financial
results. Doug covered the highlights of strong revenue and adjusted earnings per share growth. I will take
a moment to cover a few other items.

While some of the segments have a difference between reported and organic revenue growth, in
aggregate, they are the same at 9%. Adjusted total expenses increased 7%. Excluding the acquisitions of
Greenwich Associates, 451 Research and the RobecoSAM ESG Ratings business, expenses increased 5%.
Much of this increase was due to a $54 million catch-up to our incentive compensation accruals based on
our strong performance this year. In addition, we contributed $4 million to the S&P Global Foundation and
increased our legal-related costs in indices.

As a management team, we took precautionary steps early in the pandemic to control expenses. Those
actions, while mostly no longer in place, demonstrated our ability to dramatically reduce expenses when
necessary without employee layoffs.

Adjusted operating profit margin improved 100 basis points based on strong revenue growth that
outpaced higher expenses. The increase in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the timing of
discrete tax adjustments. While the effective tax rate fluctuates from quarter-to-quarter due to the timing
of discrete tax items, our full year tax rate guidance has been lowered.

During the quarter, changes in foreign exchange rates had a positive impact on adjusted EPS of $0.04.
The only meaningful impacts were in Ratings and Market Intelligence, where adjusted operating profit was
positively impacted by $10 million and $5 million, respectively.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

The non-GAAP adjustments this quarter collectively generated a net pretax loss of $311 million. They
included: $279 million associated with premiums and fees paid to tender certain notes outstanding; $8
million in gains on dispositions, primarily from an office building in New Jersey and an IR web hosting
business that was part of the SNL acquisition; $5 million associated with a technology-related impairment;
$2 million for Kensho retention-related expenses; and $32 million in deal-related amortization.

This quarter, all 4 divisions delivered increased revenue, and 3 of the 4 delivered increased adjusted
operating profit. On a trailing 4-quarter basis, adjusted operating profit margin increased significantly
in Ratings and Platts, while Market Intelligence and Indices had small decreases. As we have discussed,
Market Intelligence investment spending remains elevated. I'll provide color on the individual business
results in a moment.

We recently took advantage of the low interest rate environment and refinanced a portion of our
outstanding higher-interest-rate bonds with new lower interest rate bonds. The net results were an
increase of about $200 million bonds outstanding, a decrease in annual bond interest expense of $26
million, a reduction in our weighted average cost of debt to 3.1% and an extension of our weighted
average tenor to more than 18 years. In fact, our 40-year bond had the second-lowest coupon ever for
a 40-year bond in the U.S., second only to Alphabet. And our 10-year bond carries the same coupon as
Apple's.

Now turning to the balance sheet. Our balance sheet has low leverage and ample liquidity. We have cash
and cash equivalents of $3.2 billion, debt of $4.1 billion after our recent refinancing, an undrawn revolver
capacity of $1.2 billion and no commercial paper outstanding. Our debt ratios remain unchanged despite
the recent bond refinancing due to EBITDA growth.

Free cash flow, excluding certain items, reached $2.2 billion in the first 9 months of the year, an increase
of $593 million or 36% over the prior year period. We completed $11 million of share repurchases under
the share repurchase program initiated in February 2020.

In light of our strong liquidity and increased cash flow, we continue to monitor the status of our share
repurchase program in consultation with our Board of Directors. Due to near-term market uncertainty,
including the pending U.S. election, we're not resuming share repurchases at this point in time. However,
we maintain our long-term target of returning at least 75% of free cash flow to shareholders, and we will
continue to monitor the markets for the right time to resume share repurchases.

Now let's turn to the division results. Ratings revenue increased 13%. And excluding the acquisition of the
ESG Ratings business from RobecoSAM and CRISIL's acquisition of Greenwich Associates, organic revenue
increased 12%. This revenue growth was driven by the increase in issuance Doug already discussed.

Adjusted expenses increased 9%. Excluding changes in foreign exchange rates, adjusted expenses
increased 11% due primarily to increased incentive compensation, merit increases and additional
headcount, primarily from the acquisition of the ESG Ratings business from RobecoSAM and CRISIL's
acquisition of Greenwich Associates. In fact, over 1/3 of the expense increase was related to these
acquisitions.

This resulted in a 16% increase in adjusted segment operating profit and a 130 basis point increase in
adjusted segment operating profit margin. On a trailing 4-quarter basis, adjusted segment operating profit
margin increased 600 basis points to 63.4%.

Nontransaction revenue increased 4%. Transaction revenue increased 22% due to very strong high-yield
issuance in the U.S., gains in global sovereign debt and U.S. public finance, partially offset by weakness in
bank loan ratings.

This slide depicts Ratings revenue by end markets. The largest contributor to the increase in ratings
revenue was the 16% increase in corporates. In addition, financial services revenue increased 6%,
structured finance increased 4%, government increased 35%, and the CRISIL and other category
increased 2%.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

It is not often that we highlight sovereign ratings revenue, but there was considerable growth this quarter
as a number of countries, including Ecuador, the Dominican Republic, Croatia and Jordan tapped the debt
markets. On the right side of the slide, you can see the changes in revenue within structured products.
The largest changes were in RMBS and CMBS.

Turning to S&P Dow Jones Indices. The segment delivered 1% revenue growth due primarily to gains in
AUM linked to our indices and data subscriptions, partially offset by reduced exchange-traded derivative
activity. In the third quarter, we reported a $12 million increase in adjusted expenses due primarily to
increased legal-related costs, higher compensation from increased headcount and incentives as well as
higher professional fees.

About $8 million of the $12 million is nonrecurring, a 7% decrease in adjusted segment operating profit
and an adjusted segment operating profit margin of 65.2%, a decrease of 510 basis points. On a trailing
4-quarter basis, the adjusted segment operating profit margin decreased 40 basis points to 69%.

Revenue growth was subdued this quarter. Asset-linked fees increased 2% with gains in ETFs and mutual
funds, partially offset by decreased over-the-counter derivative activity. Exchange-traded derivative
revenue decreased 7% on reduced trading volumes. Data and custom subscriptions increased 3% due to a
modest increase in end-of-day and real-time ACV, partially offset by the timing of contract renewals.

For our Indices division, over the past year, ETF net inflows were $84 billion, and market appreciation was
$92 billion. This resulted in quarter-ending ETF AUM of $1.7 trillion, which is 11% higher compared to 1
year ago. Our ETF revenue was based on average AUM, which increased 12% year-over-year. Sequentially
versus the second quarter of 2020, ETF net inflows associated with our Indices totaled $5 billion, while
market appreciation totaled $113 billion.

Activity at the CBOE decreased in the third quarter with S&P 500 Index options activity decreasing 22%,
and fixed futures and options activity decreasing 38%. This was in contrast to increased activity at the
CME, where the equity complex volume increased 38%. The majority of the gain at the CME was due to
the successful launch of the Micro E-mini S&P 500 futures. Excluding this product, the volumes at the CME
equity complex increased 4%.

Market Intelligence delivered reported revenue growth of 9% and organic growth of 7%. While the
COVID-19 pandemic continues to lengthen sales cycles, usage of our key platforms increased 11% year-
over-year. Adjusted expenses increased 6% due primarily to acquisitions, compensation and royalties.
In addition, investment spending continues and is beginning to pay off with some of the new product
launches that Doug discussed.

Adjusted segment operating profit increased 14%, and the adjusted segment operating profit margin
increased 160 basis points to 33.8%. On a trailing 4-quarter basis, adjusted segment operating profit
margin decreased 10 basis points to 32.9%.

Looking across the Market Intelligence components, Desktop revenue grew 3%, excluding acquisitions
and divestments. Data Management Solutions revenue grew 12%, and Credit Risk Solutions revenue grew
11%.

And now turning to Platts. Reported revenue increased 5%, with core subscriptions increasing 7% and
Global Trading Services decreasing 6%. GTS revenue decreased mainly due to lower petroleum and gas
volumes at ICE and CME. While the recession has reduced oil prices, putting cost pressure on many of our
customers, bankruptcy filings are similar to recent years with 38 U.S. exploration and production company
filings year-to-date. This compares to 42 in full year 2019 and 28 in 2018. Despite this pressure on the
industry, we have maintained overall renewal rates in the mid-90s.

Adjusted expenses decreased 2% due to the divestiture of RigData and management actions. Adjusted
segment operating profit margin increased 280 basis points to 55.7%. The trailing 4-quarter adjusted
segment operating profit margin increased 300 basis points to 54.9%. The fastest-growing markets during
the quarter were metals and ag at 12% and petrochemicals at 7%.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

After completing our last productivity program in the second quarter, we have identified a number of
additional opportunities to reduce future expenses. They can generally be grouped into 4 categories: real
estate, procurement, T&E and IT infrastructure. We have already begun implementing the actions needed
to realize these savings. However, it will take us 2 to 3 years to complete all of these items. When we have
finished, we expect to realize approximately $120 million in annual savings from a 2019 baseline.

And now I would like to share our updated guidance with you. With only 1 quarter remaining in the year,
there is no longer a need to share various scenarios. This slide depicts our new 2020 GAAP guidance. And
this slide depicts our adjusted figures. The second column is our new 2020 adjusted guidance, and all of
the line items that changed are highlighted.

Now let me review our new adjusted guidance. We increased our revenue guidance to a high single-digit
increase. Corporate unallocated expense has been decreased by $10 million to a range of $125 million
to $135 million. Operating profit margin is increased by 100 basis points to a range of 52.5% to 53.5%.
Interest expense net includes both interest income and interest expense. It has been reduced by $7
million due to the recent changes in our outstanding bonds. The tax rate has been reduced due to tax
benefits from foreign operations. These items result in a new adjusted diluted EPS guidance range of
$11.30 to $11.45. And finally, free cash flow generation has been increased to approximately $2.9 billion.

In conclusion, 2020 is shaping up to be a very strong year for S&P Global. While the recession has crippled
many industries and companies, our unique collection of businesses has continued to thrive. In addition,
despite all of the hardship related to the pandemic, our employees have continued to deliver the highest-
quality ratings, benchmarks, research data and analytics and delivered an unprecedented number of new
product launches. As always, we remain committed to providing transparency for our investors to deliver
essential intelligence for our customers and to support sustainable development in our communities.

And with that, let me turn the call back over to Chip for your questions.

Robert S. Merritt
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Thank you, Ewout. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we'll now take our first question.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

Our first question comes from Toni Kaplan from Morgan Stanley.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Doug, I loved the "what are you waiting for" list. Just wanted to ask about guidance. So last quarter, you
made a point to say that the guidance increase was partially due to the higher expectations for the rest
of the year. This quarter, it seems like the raise is more reflecting the 3Q beat. Is that fair? Or have your
expectations improved for the rest of the year as well?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you for your comments, particularly on some of the analytics and the issuance environment
and "what are you waiting for" list. If we look at the guidance, I think it's both reflecting improved
performance during the third quarter as well as also slight improved outlook for the fourth quarter. We're
definitely are more optimistic with respect to our business performance from the remainder -- for the
remainder of the year.

We think that all businesses are doing well. You see the subscription businesses showing quite good
results with respect to their renewal rates, with respect to the overall book of businesses going up. And
you see that both for Platts and Market Intelligence.

If we look at the issuance environment for October, it has been quite reasonable in terms of continued
activity. And then also, we expect the index business, that was facing certain particular more nonrecurring
items in the third quarter, we would see that coming back in the fourth quarter as well. So overall, slight
improvement for the fourth quarter in our guidance. So overall, therefore, we're quite happy that we could
raise our guidance for adjusted EPS by $0.50 to $0.55.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. And on the international side, international Ratings revenue performed really well in the quarter,
and you provided some of the issuance metrics with Europe, down 8%; Asia, 19%; growth up 22% in
the quarter for the full international piece. Just hoping you could expand on what drove the revenue
outperformance relative to issuance. Was it mix? Was it pricing? How do we think about that?

And then I saw that in China, you completed the registration in China's exchange bond market yesterday.
And just wanted to understand how that increases the opportunity for you in China and how quickly that
can sort of take shape?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Toni, let me take the first part of your question. The 22% growth in international revenue for Ratings, 3
main drivers that are behind that.

First, we saw investment-grade corporate issuance very strong in Asia Pacific. We saw increased high-yield
issuance in Europe. And then also sovereign ratings was up in quite a strong way during the quarter. So
those were the 3 drivers behind the international growth.

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

And Toni, let me give you some color on the China market. As you know, there's 2 bond markets in
China. There's the interbank bond market, and there's exchange bond market. One is -- the first one,
the interbank market is approved by the PBOC. We received a license last year to operate issuing credit
ratings there. And then this week, we received approval from the CSRC to also operate in the exchange
bond market.

We're now the only wholly owned foreign rating agency that can operate in both markets. So we have
a similar situation as any other rating agency in China. But what's also really important in the last
few weeks, the regulators together, the PBOC, CSRC and SAFE, which is the State Agency for Foreign
Exchange (sic) [ State Administration of Foreign Exchange ], they've issued some new guidelines about
market access, access to both markets for foreign players, FX controls. In addition, over the last few
months, we've seen BlackRock, Fidelity, JPMorgan and others start getting more access to the Chinese
market.

So when we look at this overall, knowing that we've put in place a very strong team, we've started doing
issuance of ratings in the markets. We've built strong relationships with issuers as well as the investors as
well as the banks that are involved in the debt markets. We think that we're very well positioned as the
Chinese market continues to reform further in their credit and debt markets.

Toni Michele Kaplan
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Congrats on the quarter.

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Thank you.

Operator

Our next question comes from Manav Patnaik from Barclays.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I was just hoping the 3 -- decline in 3% issuance volumes for next year, if you could just walk through
maybe some of the moving pieces, particularly around maybe the assumptions around the election
outcome if that's relevant, between the 2 different policies out there?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. Manav, this is Doug. Let me start with that. So when we look at the issuance forecast for next year,
first of all, we're coming off of 2 really strong years of issuance. It was 15% last year. We're expecting
up 13% this year. And as always, there's a lot of moving parts between financial institutions, corporate,
structured finance, et cetera. So we're looking right now at a forecast for next year of 5% up for financial
institutions.

This is the data coming from our Ratings research team. Corporates, down 9%; structured, 6% down;
public finance, down 1%; for an aggregate down 3%, that's what makes it up. But recall that, that's just
an issuance forecast. That's not our revenue forecast, and we're still working on that.

I don't think that we've necessarily taken into account what would be the factors that you would see from
the election itself directly on that. But we are looking at there's a lot of cash that's still outstanding. We
see that there's an M&A pipeline, which has started picking up. There's been a very high activity, high level
of activity of noninvestment-grade high-yield issuance, and we see a lot in the pipeline there. So it's a
combination of all of those different factors that we look at for this preliminary forecast for 2021.

Manav Shiv Patnaik
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Got it. And if I could just ask on the Platts side, I mean, I think numbers were fairly solid considering,
I guess, what everyone assumes is a tough backdrop. There's been a wave of M&A in that market as
well. Should we be expecting any drop-off or any items to consider as we think about the growth going
forward?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Well, if you look, Manav, at the different components of the Platts revenue growth, indeed, we are quite
pleased with what we saw this quarter. Price reporting, up approximately 6%, and analytics up somewhere
10%, 11%. But then Global Trading Services down, but we know that can fluctuate period-over-period.
And the business is overcoming some headwinds. You might recall that last quarter, we talked about a
very small conference business that saw its revenues evaporate in the current environment.

So indeed, the Platts results are solid. We're quite pleased with it. If you think about the revenue outlook
for the full year, probably mid-single digit growth is the best assumption for the remainder of this year
and, therefore, for the full year outlook.

Operator

Our next question comes from Andrew Nicholas from William Blair.

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

As you think about the targets or the goals for your ESG business, which I believe you've outlined to be
somewhere close to $270 million or so in 2024, I'm wondering what you think are the main factors that
will determine whether or not you achieve that goal. And maybe asked another way, if we fast forward to
2024 and your ESG business is well above target, why would that be? And maybe the same question, if
you were to underperform your expectations?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. Thank you, Andrew. This is Doug. Well, first of all, we're very excited about the growth overall in the
ESG landscape itself. This is something that 4 or 5 years ago, not a lot of people are talking about. And
we're still trying to understand what the total addressable market is going to be, and we think it's going to
continue to get quite large, and it will be expanding rapidly. We've seen that over the last couple of years,
it's expanded rapidly as more U.S. companies start embracing ESG.

In addition, you see that during the pandemic, there's been more interest in the S part of ESG. So that's
increasing, which has brought more interest from ESG itself. And in addition, there's a lot of interest on
the climate aspect of ESG and climate on its own.

So when we look at where the growth is going to be coming from, we think that any type of investor,
whether you're an institutional investor within the insurance industry, you might be looking at climate
change, you might be looking at physical risk. If you're an endowment or pension fund, you're starting to
hear from the asset owners that they would like to know more about the purpose of the investments and
the destination of the funds there. And what we see through these types of investors that they're starting
to demand more and more clear, consistent information that they can build into their models.

And so we see -- as you've seen us present, we believe that there's a whole set of product opportunities
for us across every single division as well as cross-divisional solutions. We have estimated, as you know,
a 40% growth rate. We will be providing updates on that early next year, but we do see that we think that
this market is going to grow very rapidly, and that we will be one of the main players in this -- in the ESG
space.

Andrew Owen Nicholas
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Got it. And maybe just a follow-up to that. I mean, where do you feel like you are or where you stand with
respect to your data assets in ESG? Obviously, the RobecoSAM Ratings business acquisition is a big piece
of that pie. But I'm just curious if there are gaps that you're still looking at filling in, and whether or not
you'd hope to do that organically or via tuck-in M&A. And where might those areas of opportunity be?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. Thank you. Well, first of all, both Trucost and the RobecoSAM, the CSA capability that comes over
with SAM are both top-notch. They're better than anybody else in the industry. So we have a great start
with both of those in a foundational level.

Where we need to continue to add to our portfolio, which is more likely organically, is more and more data
that comes from issuers themselves. As an example, what we're doing with the ESG evaluation product
that's in the Ratings business, there needs to be a much broader set of data that is going to be used as
evaluations.

We see the green bond market starting to grow. That's not something you can go out and acquire. That's
something that you need to build the expertise and start building the data sets.

But what's very important also is linking the data, where we find that there's a lot of data sets, whether
it's internal, external. And it's -- a lot of our -- the investors and clients want to learn how they can link it
better into their own needs.

Finally, what I would say is that there are not clear standards yet outside in the market. If you look at
what are the disclosure requirements around the world, they're very iffy, spotty, if there are even any at
all with ESG. And so we're incredibly active across all of the different groups that are setting standards,
whether it's SASB, Task Force for Climate-related Financial Disclosure. Ewout out is one of the founding
members of Accounting for Sustainability in the U.S. branch. And so we're very active in all of those
groups, so we can be at the table as the standards are set and ensure that then what we're delivering is
going to meet all those standards.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kevin McVeigh from Crédit Suisse.

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Just to follow-up on the 3% issuance decline, the comment versus the revenue. Just any puts and takes
on -- obviously, I don't want to get specific on revenue, but just any puts and takes to think about, given
the component of the issuance in 2019 and '20 being so strong? Just would you expect kind of the normal
delta between issuance relative to revenue? Or just anything to call out either way.

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Well, first of all, just related to that, I gave some of the components about the forecast from our Ratings
research team for next year. But just to give you a couple of examples, in the third quarter, there was
issuance, which was as high as up 94% for high yield in the U.S. And then if you look at another category
like covered bonds in -- worldwide, it was down 40%. The structured credit or CLOs were down 40%
globally. So you saw some really big swings around the globe of different types of issuance.

What we've seen right now between credit conditions themselves, between rates, with spreads, there's
a lot of movement across the different asset classes around the world in different regions. And so we're
trying to balance all of those as we make our forward-looking approach to this. But Ewout is going to add
some other comments.

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

And Kevin, let me build on what Doug just said. The bridge between bond issuance and revenue growth,
there are many elements that go into the mix. What you have to think of, for example, is bank loan
volumes that come from a relative -- relatively low base. In 2020, we have nontransaction revenue
that definitely is going up in a modest pace year-over-year. And for example, you have to think about
surveillance over the larger bond issuance that has been done this year.

There is an M&A environment, our new product launches. There are commercial conditions. So there's
many of those elements that go into the mix in order to bridge from bond issuance outlook to ultimately
Ratings revenue growth.

Kevin Damien McVeigh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

That's very helpful. And then just a quick follow-up. Are you starting -- and I'm sure you are, kind of
structural changes in just the data consumption within Market Intelligence and Platts just post-COVID? It
just seems like there's definitely more increased frequency of data, query and things like that. Anything to
call out?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

The only thing to call out right now is that we've seen a dramatic increase in usage over the last 6 months
across every different type of platform we have. As you know, we have not been doing conferences, but all
of our webinars are up 300%, 400%. There's huge increases in our conference attendees. We see increase
in the visits to all of our websites. We had a free COVID microsite that is -- every single day, there's a lot
of visits to that with research that we have around COVID.

But one of the most important questions that I hear myself and we pick up from our clients really goes
to the core of what you started your question with. And that is, how do I link my data with your data?
How do I link data across different sources, so I can use it in my modeling to make decisions? And that's
something that we're spending a lot of time on.

And you can see some of the tools that we've launched over the last 6 months or last year. So we've
been looking at this very carefully. This goes back to why we bought Kensho and some of the things that
they've been delivering. Why today we talked about ProSpread, which is a new tool that allows analysts to
extract data from JPEGs and PDFs and put it into their modeling. So we see that the data modeling, data
linking is really a critical need for our clients, and we're trying to make sure that we can be at the forefront
of that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Hamzah Mazari from Jefferies.

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

My first question is just around issuance. Specifically, what is your market share today in structured
finance? And maybe how has that changed over time? And where do you think that can go?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Well, let me start. I don't necessarily really track market share in structured finance or any of the different
products. What I could say is that across different products, there's something like covered bonds is a
product that we are very inactive in around the different markets around the world. But things like ABS,
CMBS, those are areas that we're very active in.

There might be some quarter where the type of activity of CMBS doesn't necessarily favor the type of
expertise that we have. So sometimes we might not see the same level of market share.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

But what we're always looking for is that investors are looking at the highest-quality criteria and outcomes
of ratings. And in fact, one of the things that we're measuring very closely during the pandemic is the
quality of the performance of our ratings. We had made a major overhaul of our criteria after the financial
crisis, and since then, we're watching the performance. And this is a place that's being tested, and our
criteria is holding up. And that's one of the reasons you'll see investors asking issuers to ensure that
there's an S&P rating on the debt when it's issued.

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Got it. And just my follow-up question. I know you outlined the $120 million savings plan, and we can see
the breakdown between real estate, procurement, T&E and IT infrastructure. But maybe just 2 questions
on that.

One, how is this different versus the prior $100 million or $120 million savings plan that you achieved?
And then it seems like every 2 to 3 years, you have this $120 million bucket. Is there more to go after this
as well after another 2 to 3 years?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

This is Ewout. First, on your question how does this differ from the last productivity program, there
are a couple of overlaps and a couple of areas that are different. The area where we see an overlap is
technology infrastructure. We're still working through all the infrastructure that was very federated,
technology debt and to clean up all of that. So that was a part of the last program, and this continued to
be a part of the current program.

Real estate was a part of the last program, but I think that was more reducing real estate, where we
had excess real estate at certain locations that were not used. Here, we see that we are going to be far
more surgical with respect to real estate going forward. We're thinking about new models, how we will
operate, how we will interact, new structured hybrid working models going forward. And that will give us
the opportunity to optimize our real estate over the next few years. So it's in the same bucket and the
same category but a slightly different approach.

Last time, we were focused on the functional groups, and we saw opportunities to optimize the functional
groups. That's not part of this particular program, but we are going to really focus now on our external
spend.

Procurement is a component of the current program because we believe that we can improve our demand
management internally as well as also our contract negotiations going forward. And then travel is coming
down, which is the same as with respect to real estate. That has also to do with new models of working
going forward. So yes, there are components that are similar, but there's also new components that we
have added for this productivity program.

With respect to your second part of your question, is there more to go. I think you have heard me saying
that before. I think there is a lot of room we have as a company to optimize, and we're going to continue
to do that. We have a lot of operating leverage. So you may expect us, as a company, never be satisfied,
never say this is enough. I think there's always opportunities to further challenge ourselves what we can
do better in the future.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alex Kramm from UBS.

Alexander Kramm
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Quick one to start on the index business. You mentioned the year-over-year kind of changes there. But
can you talk about quarter-over-quarter, in particular, on the AUM side? If my math is right, average AUM
was up 13% from the third quarter -- from the second quarter, sorry. But I think revenues were only up

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

2%. So was that the same kind of areas that you highlighted on a year-over-year basis? Or what really
drove the slower increase here quarter-over-quarter?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

It's the same kind of elements that you see quarter-over-quarter as year-over-year. The ETF flows, the
ETF AUMs continue to develop in a favorable way. Mutual funds also continues to develop in a favorable
way.

The main difference is exchange-traded derivative volumes. We have seen market volatility coming
down and, therefore, also ETD volumes coming down. And that is really driving the lower growth in this
particular category on a sequential basis.

Operator

Our next question comes from Craig Huber with Huber Research Partners.

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

Great. Doug, would just be curious to hear your opinion here as we sort of think out about the implications
of the election. If one side wins versus the other, what it does to policy changes out there and stuff that
potentially might happen. How that would impact your outlook as you think out for next year, particularly
on the Ratings side of the business?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. Well, thank you for that. And obviously, as you saw when we put up some of the risks and
contingencies that we're looking at, we are going to be looking carefully at the outlook -- outcome from
the election. And no matter how the election comes out, we'll be able to work with any administration in
the United States. And we think that there will be different types of policies for growth around the globe.

Right now, one of the most important things, no matter what the outcome of the election is, is to see
if there's going to be another stimulus program. The first stimulus program, the PPP, the Paycheck
Protection Program, it helped save 13.5 million jobs. And as long as the pandemic is continuing to have its
impact on the U.S. around the globe, we think that, that right now, that probably has a larger impact on
outlook for the economy than the election itself. And so what will happen after the election for any kind of
stimulus, what will be some of the policy measures coming out, we believe that we could work with either
administration no matter what they come up with.

But clearly, we'll be watching if there's any additional oversight of the regulatory side, what are going to
be the international implications of cooperation, multilateralism, et cetera. And so these are the types of
issues that we would be watching carefully to see what would be the impact to the business side from a
new administration.

Craig Anthony Huber
Huber Research Partners, LLC

And then my other question, what's your feeling on the M&A environment out there as it pertains
broadly to the ratings market. As you think about Europe and the U.S. during this very low interest rate
environment, as things progressively get better on the economic front, are you guys expecting M&A deal
flow out there to pick up materially as you think out over the next year or so? And what does that mean
for your Ratings business, please?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. This was one of the things. When Ewout was talking earlier about what are some of the factors that
we look at to see what would be the -- some of the drivers of revenues in the Ratings business. That even

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

in a lower issuance environment, M&A would definitely be one of those. We do see a pent-up demand
for M&A. We see a lot of deals that have started getting done despite the pandemic and despite social
distancing.

The pipeline of M&A was really weak. It dropped to almost all-time lows in the second and third quarter
this year, but it started picking up. And what we see in the pipeline is also starting to pick up.

M&A, typically, will bring along with it potentially a ratings evaluation service. There could be a bridge
loan. There could be a -- depending on what type of high-yield or an investment-grade type of transaction
it is, there could end up being another rating that comes out of it. So M&A is always a very positive
leading indicator for the Ratings business.

One final thing I'd say that we're also looking carefully at M&A. I would call it M&A. It's a little bit different.
Let's call it restructuring. Because there is a lot of restructuring going on at the deeper end of the credit
end, so higher-yield credits that are going through bankruptcies and restructuring. Because those also end
up usually leading to additional business as well for the -- in the Ratings business.

Because once something's restructured, they go back out for a new loan rating, then potentially a bridge
loan, which goes to a loan rating, which then could go into the bond rating. So M&A is a very important
leading indicator for us, and we do see it starting to pick up.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jeff Silber from BMO Capital Markets.

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Doug, at the beginning of your remarks, I don't know if you were joking, but you talked about the "what
are you waiting for" list. What do you think those companies are waiting for? Are they concentrated in
a specific industry that's under pressure? I'm just curious if there were any attributes that you see from
these companies. Do we expect these companies to get off and issue debt?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Yes. It is a joke that I said that. But when we -- there is no specific characteristic of those companies that
haven't come to market yet. There are a lot that have -- are sitting on large amounts of capital.

There's a couple of possibilities. One is that they have more than enough liquidity already or they're not
industries that are strained at all by the pandemic. It could also be that they already issued more recently
in the last couple of years. As you know, we're in an environment where interest rates have been low for
a while, especially in Europe and in Japan. You've seen very low interest rates in those markets for a long
time. And even in the U.S., interest rates have been low.

So it's probably that they have enough liquidity. They don't have a need for lowering their interest expense
or they've got other, more immediate demands. But we are expecting those. So one of the things that we
would expect is at some point in time, CFOs and treasurers might start asking the question, well, shouldn't
I go ahead and restructure my debt or issue new debt at these kinds of rates? So that's what -- we're
watching that as a potential pipeline in the future for issuance.

Jeffrey Marc Silber
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then Ewout, you talked about in terms of share repurchase or potential
share repurchase, that you're monitoring the market for the right time to resume. Can you share with us
what are you looking for exactly before starting to repurchase shares?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Yes, Jeff. What we are looking for is more stable market conditions to enter into an accelerated share
repurchase program. In our assessment over the next few weeks, we might see a higher level of volatility
with the U.S. elections, with the resurgence of COVID cases around the world. So we are closing -- we're
watching this very closely, and we'll determine what is the right moment to restart our share repurchase
program.

I would like to add there, Jeff, that overall, our capital framework remains unchanged. So we are still
having the target of a return of 75% of free cash flow over time. So we will continue with that.

As you know, our balance sheet is rock solid. We have a high level of liquidity. We have low leverage, high
cash balance. So this is really to do with timing. We will watch this very closely. And when the expected
future volatility is coming down, we think it's the right moment to restart.

Operator

Our next question comes from George Tong from Goldman Sachs.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to dive deeper into your issuance forecast for next year. You talked about corporate issuance
being down 9%. Can you elaborate on your investment-grade and high-yield expectations within corporate
in the U.S. and international markets?

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

I don't have enough detail to do that yet. And what I'd like to do is when we come back in the next
earnings call, where we're going to be providing you the 2021 guidance, let us bring back a little bit more
color on that at that point in time.

Keen Fai Tong
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. Got it. And then as it relates to your new $120 million savings program, can you discuss how these
savings will be distributed among the 4 segments? And if you expect the full $120 million in savings to
flow through to margins? Or if it will be partially offset by reinvestments?

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, that's a great question, George. If you look at the way how the $120 million will flow through the
different segments, I think the best assumption should be in the same way as you see the overall expense
base for the company at the moment. So the highest expense base is in Market Intelligence, then in
Ratings and then the other 2 divisions.

So as a proxy, I would say that's probably the best assumption at this moment. Why? Because Market
Intelligence has the highest number of employees. So they will benefit from the real estate reduction as
well as from the travel reduction, but also Ratings will take a large share of that. So definitely, it's going to
be an element that will help future margin expansion.

Your question about reinvestments. We are, of course, baking that in. We're doing some reinvestments
already this year. Think about the investments in our digital infrastructure, working from home, setting
up our employees, digital interactions with our customers. There might also be certain investments with
respect to impairments that we would expect over the next period. So an impairment, for example, of
some real estate in the fourth quarter and the first half of next year in order to achieve the run rate
savings going forward.

Operator

We will now take our final question from Owen Lau from Oppenheimer.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Could you please expand a little bit on the China Credit Analytics program? How much additional
investment you expect to spend on MI in China and the opportunity of Market Intelligence in China? Any
more color would be helpful.

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Owen, the investments that we are already doing and are part of the overall investment program of
Market Intelligence, the investment for the analytics platform in China, you already see in the current
results of Market Intelligence. So Market Intelligence is taking a little bit more than half of the overall
investment spend of the company.

So if I look at the investment spend in the third quarter in total, and that's for all initiatives for the
company, $30 million, and then a little bit more than half is in Market Intelligence. So -- and of that in
Market Intelligence, it's supporting multiple initiatives: the SME initiative, the marketplace initiative and
also the China Credit initiative. I'm not going to give you the specific number for China Credit, but you
should expect it's a couple of million of dollars. But again, it's already in the current levels of the results
that you see at this moment.

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

And Owen, let me add that based on some of the information I shared with you earlier, we see that the
Chinese financial markets are still going to be undergoing lots of reform, the reform that the domestic
regulators would like to see a more global market. They'd like to see a more transparent market. And this
is going to play to all of our divisions.

And obviously, we're out front right now with the rating agency. And Market Intelligence is building a very
strong platform of delivering data and analytics, similar to what we deliver in other markets around the
world.

Kwun Sum Lau
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Got it. That's very helpful. Just one final question, quickly, on the expense guidance. How much
percentage of the run rate we should expect S&P can save maybe in 2021 and 2022? And finally, the
100% of that $120 million.

Ewout Lucien Steenbergen
Executive VP & CFO

Component of it will come in quite quickly, and that has to do with the fact that certain initiatives are
already in flight at the moment. And again, we are taking the 2019 expense levels as a base.

So for example, we would not expect the travel and entertainment expenses to come up in that level. So
that would be basically safe. We have already realized at this point in time. Also some other elements that
will come in quite quickly.

But for the remainder, we need the next 2 to 3 years. So I would say, a reasonable part next year, and
then the rest will come in gradually over the next 2 or 3 years.

Douglas L. Peterson
President, CEO & Executive Director

Thank you, Owen. And with that, let me close. And first of all, I want to thank all of the investors, who
have joined the call today, for your support. I thank the analysts for joining and your questions. As usual,
you always ask very good questions that help us run our business better.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Throughout the pandemic, we've been able to accelerate our digital transformation. We've been able
to deliver very innovative products and meet the needs of our clients in the markets. With all of the
uncertainty, they've been looking for more and more analytical information for research. And we're
pleased that our people have been able to deliver that.

But we would have never been able to do this without the hard work, dedication and perseverance of our
employees, and I want to thank them today on this call. So thank you to all of our employees, and thank
you all who have joined the call today.

Operator
That concludes this morning's call. A PDF version of the presenter slides is available now for downloading
from investor.spglobal.com. Replays of the entire call will be available in about 2 hours. The webcast with
audio insights will be maintained on S&P Global's website for 1 year. The audio-only telephone replay will
be maintained for 1 month. On behalf of S&P Global, we thank you for participating, and wish you have a
good day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

S&P GLOBAL INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

