salesforce.com, inc. NYSE:CRM
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 28, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

0.69

0.70

Revenue  (mm)

4846.63

4865.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-28-2020 7:07 PM GMT

1.45

0.38

0.75

3.07

-

3.82

5033.78

20754.01

20000.00

24692.89

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.47

0.66

0.56

0.69

0.66

0.75

0.66

0.70

40.43 %

13.64 %

17.86 %

1.45 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
SALESFORCE.COM, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Amy E. Weaver
President, Chief Legal Officer &
Secretary

Bret Steven Taylor
President & COO

Brian Millham
President of Customer Success
Group

Evan Goldstein
Senior Vice President of Corporate
Planning and Operations Finance &
Strategy

Gavin E. Patterson
Chairman of Europe, the Middle
East & Africa and President & CEO
of Salesforce International

Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO

Mark J. Hawkins
President & CFO

Parker Harris
Co-Founder, CTO & Director

ANALYSTS

Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

James Derrick Wood
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Mark Ronald Murphy
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Sarah Emily Hindlian-Bowler
Macquarie Research

Stewart Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Terrell Frederick Tillman
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

SALESFORCE.COM, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to Salesforce Fiscal 2021 First Quarter Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would
now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Evan Goldstein, Senior Vice President of
Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.

Evan Goldstein
Senior Vice President of Corporate Planning and Operations Finance & Strategy

Thanks, Josh. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us for our fiscal '21 first quarter results
conference call. I'm Evan Goldstein, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Our results press release,
SEC filings and a replay of today's call can be found on our IR website at www.salesforce.com/investor.

With me on the call today is Marc Benioff, Chair and CEO; Mark Hawkins, President and CFO; Bret Taylor,
President and COO; Gavin Patterson, President and CEO of International; Brian Millham, President,
Customer Success Group; and Amy Weaver, President and Chief Legal Officer. As a reminder, our
commentary today will primarily be in non-GAAP terms. Reconciliations between our GAAP and non-GAAP
results and guidance can be found in our earnings press release.

Some of our comments today may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks,
uncertainties and assumptions. In particular, our expectations around the impacts of the COVID-19
pandemic on our business, results of operations and financial condition and that of our customers and
partners are uncertain and subject to change. Should any of these materialize or should our assumptions
prove to be incorrect, actual company results could differ materially from those forward-looking
statements. A description of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions and other factors that could affect
our financial results is included in our SEC filings, including our most recent report on Form 10-K. With
that, let me hand the call over to Marc.

Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO

Okay. Thank you so much, Evan, and thank you, everybody, for being on the call today. I hope you
and your families and colleagues are all healthy and safe. We're in a moment in time anything -- any
of us, well, that we've ever experienced. And for instance, usually, I'm speaking to you from the top
of Salesforce Tower, but today, I'm speaking to you from my home, as I suspect many of you are in
your homes as well. It's another reminder of how the pandemic has dramatically affected all of us,
our customers and our -- humanity in ways that we could have never imagined. And my heart is with
everyone who has been affected by this virus, especially those who have lost loved ones.

This pandemic is revealing the culture and the core value of every company. And those of you who
have followed us closely know that Salesforce has always been deeply committed to serving all of our
stakeholders. Well, we have really lived this for 2 decades and especially over the last 90 days, the
foundation of our company is our 4 core values: trust, customer success, innovation and equality. And first
and foremost among these is the trust that we have with all of our stakeholders.

The story of our first quarter is very much the story of trust, Salesforce and our Ohana rapidly taking
action to embrace and invest in all of our stakeholders. Indeed, our financial results for the first quarter
reflect the unprecedented long-term investments that we've made in our employees, in our customers
and also our communities. And as our fiscal year began, we were coming off an amazing fourth quarter.
It capped off another record year for Salesforce, and February, the first month of our first quarter of fiscal
year '21 [ builds ] continued an amazing growth trajectory.

By mid-March, of course, and all of you know, the virus emerged into this global, biological and economic
crisis. We rapidly pivoted the company to address 3 priorities in support of our stakeholders: keeping our
employees healthy and safe, guiding our customers to navigate this incredibly challenging situation and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

SALESFORCE.COM, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 28, 2020

supporting our communities around the world. We view this pandemic in 3 phases. The first 90-day phase
has been about rapid response and investing in all of our stakeholders. We're now entering the second
phase, reopening safely. And the third phase, which we believe we'll enter next year, will be about a new
normal. And I want to spend a few minutes on the actions we took during the first quarter and phase 1.

First, we've invested in our employees, their health, their well-being. Well, this remains our highest
priority. We closed 160 offices around the world in a moment's notice, guided all of our 52,000 employees
to work from their homes. We settled in remote work situations. As a cloud-first company and with our
amazing Salesforce platform, well, this transition was extremely smooth. We rapidly learned that we can
run Salesforce very effectively anywhere, even from our homes. And we found the overall situation was
taking its toll on many of our employees' mental health as they sequestered into their own homes, as
it has been for many people all over the world. And so we invested in mental health and mindfulness
programs to help them. Our core program, B-Well Together, which was initially just designed for our
employees, well, we've had to open that up publicly to all of our customers, well, the whole world because
of public demand.

We also invested in our employees' financial stability. We committed to no significant layoffs for the
first 90 days of the crisis. And in late March, we also gave certainty to our sales team with a onetime
guaranteed commission for the first quarter, which we knew would close at the height of the crisis, giving
them tremendous confidence in our ability to take care of them. This was a critical investment in the
long-term success of our amazing distribution organization. And we invested in our communities. In early
March, we were asked by Sam Hawgood, the Chancellor of UCSF, to help him acquire PPE. UCSF was
already running low on PPE. Chancellor Hawgood was looking for ways to protect his doctors and nurses
and other frontline workers.

But back then, I have to tell you, I didn't even know what PPE was. It turned into a much larger
and more critical effort almost overnight. And as we received many requests from hospitals, nursing
homes, essential businesses, the CEOs of some of our largest customers calling us in dire need, well, in
partnership with UCSF, we helped acquire and distribute more than 50 million pieces of PPE to over 300
hospitals and first responders globally. And just one example, Salesforce sent a 767 loaded with PPE to
New York City at the very height of the crisis, masks and gloves and aprons that we acquired, well, they
were immediately delivered to the state distribution hub at Javits Center. And I'm deeply grateful for our
relationship with Daniel Zhang, the CEO of Alibaba, who helped get this started and make sure that we
got the PPE that we so badly needed [ in New York ]. At the same time, we've donated funding, employee
volunteer time, services to those most in need, focusing on access to care, lost livelihoods, food and
security and the digital divide. This pandemic has exposed deep structural inequalities across our society
that we can't ignore. We can see that on TV right now.

But at Salesforce, our core values include our commitment to the equality of every human being, and this
will be part of our work going forward as it has been for all of us. Look, we also invested in our customers
actually quite dramatically. Even with our employees working from home, our culture of innovation
continues to thrive, deploying new products to help customers at this critical moment in time. I was
especially inspired by the productivity of our incredible engineering organization. And talking with CEOs all
over the world, it became apparent very quickly that many were looking to Salesforce to help them guide
through these uncharted waters. Companies were working from home, leaders had little visibility in their
businesses, no way to easily connect with their remote employees, customers or partners, and they turned
to Salesforce.

For some of our customers most severely affected by the unprecedented impact of COVID-19, we even
granted them a temporary financial flexibility. We also created free rapid response Salesforce Care
products to help companies work to sell the service to market from their homes. And we've already had
more than 38,000 sign-ups for Salesforce Care led by versions of Salesforce Essentials and Salesforce
Quip. That's been amazing.

Our Salesforce Care industry solutions for health care and manufacturing, what they've provided proved
to be crucial for many companies. They're scaling up services to handle increased demand for patient
management, pivoting to much needed PPE, ventilators in their factories. Tableau, well, they were

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

SALESFORCE.COM, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 28, 2020

amazing. They built this incredible free analytics platform, the Tableau Data Hub, tracking the virus and
being used by dozens of U.S. states and countries around the world. You can see it at public.tableau.com.

And with Tableau Data Hub, New York state posted a set of Tableau dashboards that provide a daily look
at the latest testing and confirmed case data at both the state and county level. And that data is also used
by Governor Cuomo during his daily briefings. We're able to do all this because our Salesforce Platform
provides the agility, the flexibility, the speed, creates solutions not in months or years but in weeks, even
days. And when everyone sheltered in place, we saw tremendous growth also in our Commerce Cloud's
weekly order volumes and our Einstein Bot sessions, both were up more than 100% since February 1.
Einstein predictions increased 5x over this time since last year. We also had an amazing job of happening
-- pivoting from physical events to virtual events. We developed an online leadership program called
Leading Through Change. It's had over 75 million views so far, incredible. Program highlights the work our
customers have been doing during this crisis. It gives them inspiration and guidance. It also shows some
Salesforce solutions that are available to help them get their jobs done. It's included phenomenal speakers
like the CEO of Starbucks, Kevin Johnson, and also the CEO of Accenture, Julie Sweet, many more.

And as the virus continued to spread throughout March, we also got a call from Governor Gina Raimondo
of Rhode Island. Gina is amazing. She needed a way to manage her critical contact tracing, which would
enable her state's health department to track the virus as it spread and isolate anyone exposed. So this
became an opt-in manual process where a citizen can report that they've been tested for COVID-19 and
identify anyone else they've been in contact with. Even those contacts can be notified of their potential
exposure to the virus and isolate themselves. And Governor Raimondo inspired us to build an app that
manage this process, scale efficiently and reliably. We're on the phone with her many times. And so we
did it in just a few weeks on the Salesforce Platform. And in addition to Rhode Island, today, we're now
helping more than 30 states reduce the spread of COVID-19, including Maryland and Massachusetts,
Kentucky, Louisiana, California, and great cities in our country like New York City and other countries, too.
This is an incredibly important effort. We're developing the contact tracing app for Rhode Island, we saw --
we need to deliver several products now to mitigate the spread of the virus, and we needed to do it rapidly
but not only for our public sector clients but for our commercial clients as well.

Customers are asking for automation to facilitate the return to work safely, including this contact tracing,
shift scheduling, workforce assessment, a command center for the crisis, and this was the genesis of our
Work.com platform, which has rapidly become a significant part of our public sector pipeline and actually a
meaningful part of our overall pipeline. We've been hugely surprised.

And while all of this was happening, we also delivered $4.87 billion in revenue, up 30% year-over-year.
We delivered $1.86 billion in operating cash flow. Now that was down slightly year-over-year to many of
the actions that I just reviewed in response to the pandemic. And as I mentioned earlier, we also provided
some customers temporary financial flexibility. We also incurred some incremental business expenses,
such as the onetime commission guarantee for our sales team that I mentioned. But we expect these
expenses to be largely or, I would say, wholly encapsulated in the first quarter.

We have great confidence that our investments, we already see it in our employees, our customers, our
communities in the first quarter, well, they're benefiting us. They're benefiting us now in the short term,
the long term with tremendous strength and tremendous growth. And for the fiscal year 2021, we're
updating our guide to approximately $20 billion, representing 17% projected growth year-over-year.
And we believe this guide is very appropriate, given the current biological and economic environment
worldwide.

Our ability to execute globally with speed through the adverse conditions of March and April, well, I'll tell
you, that gave us tremendous confidence we can operate successfully in any environment at any time. It
was incredible. We demonstrated that we have the ability to innovate and meet rapidly changing customer
demands and needs under any circumstance. And the last few months affirm the strengths we have in our
amazing customer relationships and our ability to innovate at scale and operate across different industries
and geographies, companies of all sizes.

And with Customer 360, well, it was clear to us, we have the most complete CRM product portfolio to
enable digital transformation of any company. I was excited to see in the quarter and for the seventh year

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

SALESFORCE.COM, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 28, 2020

in a row, IDC has ranked Salesforce as the #1 CRM. We gained more share in 2019. And we're now seeing
continuous improvement in our business, in our bookings and our pipeline month-to-date. But we've been
really surprised by our pipeline growth. It's been incredible. And our pipelines for the second quarter and
the fiscal year are really strong. I've been on more sales calls with more CEOs in the last 2 months than
at any time in my career. And there's universal agreement among them. Digital transformation, well, this
isn't a want to have. It's a must have. Companies and organizations and governments around the world
have a digital transformation imperative like never before.

And many are accelerating their plans for digital-first work-from-anywhere environment. For example, in
Q1, we signed an incredible and extensive deal with AT&T. With the vision of AT&T Communications CEO
Jeff McElfresh, incredible executive, somebody who's just been completely inspiring to me. Well, AT&T is
moving to a highly accelerated digital-first world to deliver the most amazing 5G service with an incredible
connected experience for their millions of customers and subscribers across every customer touch point.

And this includes their media properties such as DIRECTV and HBO and Turner Sports and more. But with
Salesforce, AT&T will further extend this vision of a single view of their customer, single source of truth
really. With every customer touch point, federated on Customer 360 across retail sales and call centers,
on messaging and online and in-home service and more, only Salesforce could do that, every customer
touch point. The AT&T truck pulls up to my office or my home, that's going to be Salesforce. And I walk
into the AT&T store, and that's going to be Salesforce. And I'm getting an e-mail from AT&T, that's going
to be Salesforce. And I'm on the phone with the AT&T call center, that's going be Salesforce. And we're
going to make sure that they have that Customer 360 in hand.

And I'll tell you, when we're integrating all that data, well, MuleSoft is going to connect AT&T's different
back end systems. Tableau is giving them the ability to understand customer preferences. Einstein is going
to help them serve more intelligent recommendations and root service cases. I was on the phone just
yesterday with Jeff McElfresh reviewing the incredible progress of the project. And it was clear to me, this
is going to empower AT&T to drive more value and build stronger relationships with every customer. And
we're going to begin deploying this with Jeff and his team to AT&T's employees very, very shortly, our goal
is by the end of July, and then to tens of thousands of users in the third quarter.

We're thrilled to have also significantly expanded our 15-year partnership with Standard Bank Group,
the largest bank in Africa. It operates across 20 markets. It's an incredibly important bank to the African
economy. Standard Bank is going to leverage the full power of our Customer 360, including the Financial
Services Cloud, the Commerce Cloud, Marketing Cloud, MuleSoft and Einstein, to provide that single view
of the customer, to build personalized customer journeys and deliver amazing client experiences in retail
banking across all channels.

And when the livelihoods of Zions Bank customers were threatened by COVID-19, well, the Utah-
based bank turned to Salesforce and Customer 360 to virtually support a high volume of loan requests.
They're using our customer communities and our Service Cloud to facilitate conversation with customers,
automate applications processes, provide tracking and visibility to customers waiting for their loans. Zions
Bank stood up its loan application portal in 7 days. Even though it's the 38th largest bank in the U.S., it
became the ninth largest distributor of SBA Payroll Protection Program funds in Round 1 using Salesforce's
Customer 360 platform.

One of our ISV partners, nCino, well, they built an end-to-end solution for federal SBA CARES Act loans
for small businesses all on Salesforce, and it processed more than $35 billion in loan applications for its
banking customers, including Keybanc; IBERIABANK; the world's largest credit union, the Navy Federal
Credit Union, all running on Salesforce Customer 360. And one of the unique aspects of COVID-19's crisis
has been deepening our ties with the local and federal governments around the world. Public sector action
has never been greater. I mean I can't believe how many phone calls I've been on with governors. In
the public sector, a number of our government customers, agencies, if you will, they chose Salesforce in
the quarter to begin helping them address COVID-19-related issues, including some of the very largest
federal agencies. At the state level, we formed a new relationship with the State of California's Office
of Emergency Services. They implemented Salesforce to create a public health ordering system, an

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

SALESFORCE.COM, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 28, 2020

application that helps the state leverage data for urgently needed public health resource across California
to improve customer service. We did it in days.

And the U.S. Census Bureau, well, they expanded their long-time relationship with Tableau. As the
agency's data analysis with visualization platform of choice, Tableau partners with the Census Bureau on
mission-critical data applications in support of the 2020 census and beyond, so important.

Internationally, we also had an incredible deal with Commonwealth of Australia, where we partnered
with the National Disability Insurance authority to deliver an improved experience for more than 500,000
participants that are predicated to access disability support by 2025.

Those are some of the highlights from Q1. Now looking ahead, as much of the world is beginning to move
now into phase 2, what we like to call reopening safely, our Work.com platform is going to become a --
well, it's going to fill a huge unmet need. Step-by-step, we're seeing the economy is starting to come back
to life. Salesforce is also beginning to reopen its offices, first throughout Asia. It has to be done safely. It's
got to be done responsibly, and it's going to be a complex process.

In the new normal, businesses are going to have a new lifestyle, a new lifestyle of masks and PPE, a
new lifestyle of taking people's temperatures and enforcing social distancing standards, a new lifestyle
of testing and contact tracing and a new lifestyle of wellness assessments to mitigate interaction with
the virus. You can see some of the photos on my Twitter feed of our employees entering some of our
offices, looks very different than it did just 90 days ago. We're going to need a command center to
monitor return-to-work readiness. They're going to need shift scheduling because businesses are not
going to bring everyone back at once. They're not all coming back at once that you're going to need social
distancing. And you're going to need tools for emergency response management, and you're going to need
expert perspectives from renowned experts because this is changing on a regular basis.

And from our incredible ecosystem and tools and workforce re-skilling, well, we bundled all that in to this
Work.com suite. You can see it at Work.com. You can see what we built, how we're starting to roll it out,
who our partners are. It's a platform for enabling our customers to reopen safely. And because it's built
on our Customer 360 platform, we're able to spin up this entirely new generation of apps in a matter of
weeks. Amazing.

And I just have to give credit where credit is due, to Governor Gina Raimondo, Rhode Island. It was her
call to us early on in the crisis that inspired us to build Work.com. She was the visionary that said, "We
need information technology to mitigate what's happening with the virus until we have a vaccine." Well,
I'll tell you, at times, even though we have nearly 52,000 people at Salesforce, creating Work.com felt
like many of our early start-up days with the speed and scrappiness, the laser-focused execution of our
management team. It was -- this was the best I've ever seen Salesforce.

And we're already returning to work. We're starting to see the return on this investment now. It's
amazing. In a very short time, Work.com has generated an enormous interest from businesses and
governments at every level, from our partnerships. And with Work.com, well, we deepened those
partnerships with the world's largest systems integrators, including Accenture and Deloitte, the PwC and
IBM, and many of our partners are now building solutions on Work.com as well.

Now it's incredible to see what they've done with risk management and compliance and business
continuity. And just yesterday, Workday announced that it's going to integrate its employee data directly
into Work.com to make it easier for employers to centralize critical data and get their businesses up
and running again. We've enabled and trained all of our salespeople worldwide to be able to talk to our
customers on how to reopen safely with Work.com.

I've been thrilled, and I'm so thrilled also especially in my Workday partnership with Aneel. Well, that's
just an amazing company, make Work.com even more valuable to so many of our joint customers. So
thank you, Aneel, for that.

In the months ahead, I expect Work.com's ecosystem to rapidly become even more robust with even more
relevant solutions. I've had so many of our customers contact us on how they can integrate their own
product into Work.com. That's so cool. And as we move deeper into phase 2, Work.com is going to become

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

SALESFORCE.COM, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 28, 2020

extremely important to all of our customers. We've learned from this crisis, just as we have every time we
have been faced with major challenges, well, we saw once again how our values create value. We've seen
how our agility and our beginner's mind has enabled us to quickly pivot and take action.

And we made investments during Q1 to confront this once-in-a-generation calamity, focusing on our
employees, delivering relevant innovation for customers and supporting our communities with PPE and
grants and technology. Well, we could do all this because of proven strength and sustainability of our
extraordinary business model and our extraordinary technology and our extraordinary Ohana. We know
that when we invest in all of our stakeholders, we're building the trust, the relationships, the innovation
and our business for the long term. Pandemic has shown that digital is a lifeblood for every organization,
whether you're a public sector, state, country or whether you're a commercial organization or a nonprofit
or an NGO. The new normal, phase 3, it's going to require organizations of all sizes, shapes, geographies,
well, everyone is going to have to adopt new ways of conducting themselves and especially their customer
relationships, especially their sales and service, especially their marketing and commerce and especially
new ways of collaborating and re-skilling workers. Every company is going to have to digitally transform.

Fortune's recent survey of Fortune 500 companies found 3/4 of CEOs, well, they believe this crisis is going
to force their companies to accelerate their technological transformation. I mentioned Jeff McElfresh of
AT&T. Well, he's the first one who said that to me. He was the first one who got on the phone with me
and said, "We're going to accelerate our digital transformation at AT&T." And I believe that Salesforce has
never been more relevant or more mission-critical to more organizations. No one is better positioned than
Salesforce to accelerate out of this crisis and bring customers into the new normal.

Now before I turn it over to Mark, I want to make sure you've heard that Gavin Patterson, the former
CEO of BT Group and our current President and CEO of International, will be our new President and Chief
Revenue Officer beginning August 1. And you've already heard of one of Gavin's amazing deals, and I
hope he'll talk about that later on the call. But I'm so thrilled to have Gavin as a member of the team. He's
just an amazing executive. We've been friends for many years, and he's already had a huge impact on our
company and on our management team and I could not be happier for Gavin. But I couldn't be happier
for Salesforce and all of our Ohana, that we're able to have his experience and his capability as part of our
organization. And with that, I'll turn it over to you, Mark.

Mark J. Hawkins
President & CFO

Okay. Well, thank you, Marc. And before I begin, you guys, I want to express my thoughts and my best
wishes for everyone's safety and well-being during this historic time. I'd like to focus my remarks on
providing additional disclosures and commentary on the company's response to the COVID pandemic and
our updated fiscal '21 guidance.

As Marc said, our actions in Q1 were focused on investing in our employees, our customers, our
community in response to COVID-19 and preparing for a post-pandemic future. We continue to believe
that values drive value, and these Q1 investments in all of our stakeholders will result in long-term equity.
We want to provide visibility into how our actions in response to COVID-19 affected our financials in Q1 as
well as our updated guidance.

I'll begin with the top line commentary. Revenue for Q1 was $4.865 billion, up 30% over last year. We saw
good revenue performance by cloud. Sales Cloud grew 16% with approximately 4 points from significant
M&A. Service Cloud grew 23% with 2 points from significant M&A. Platform and other grew 62% with 35
points from significant M&A. And Marketing and Commerce grew 27% with 4 points from significant M&A.

Additionally, we had strong year-over-year revenue performance by region in constant currency. Americas
grew 29% with 11 points from significant M&A. EMEA grew 41% with 12 points from significant M&A,
and Asia Pac grew 28%. Additionally, we were pleased to have maintained a revenue attrition rate of less
than 9% at the end of the quarter. In fact, this is actually down year-over-year and in line sequentially.
This speaks to the diversity of size, industry and geography within our customer base as well as how
mission-critical our products are to our customers. As always, we continue to monitor this metric closely to
determine how the COVID pandemic may impact our customer base going forward.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

SALESFORCE.COM, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 28, 2020

Our performance -- our remaining performance obligation, representing all future revenues under
contract, ended the first quarter at approximately $29.3 billion, up 18% over last year. And as a reminder,
this metric includes both new business and renewal contracts. In Q1, these contracts were approximately
3 months shorter in duration on average compared to Q1 of last year. And we believe this is a result of the
COVID pandemic, and we expect this to normalize in the future. Please note that the contract we signed
with AT&T entirely resides in noncurrent portion of RPO as our updated revenue guidance assumes no
contribution from AT&T in FY '21.

Our current remaining performance obligation, or CRPO, which is all the future revenue that is under
contract and is expected to be recognized as revenue in the next 12 months, was approximately $14.5
billion, up 23% year-over-year.

Turning to EPS and operating margin. Q1 GAAP EPS was $0.11 and non-GAAP EPS was $0.70. And there
are a few items I'd like to discuss as they pertain to the Q1 objective of investing in our employees, our
customers and our community in response to COVID-19 and preparing for the future, which we believe will
lead to an even stronger business and company.

First, the onetime partial commission guarantee I discussed earlier was approximately $140 million. As
a partial commission guarantee makes it not eligible for capitalization, this expense will reside in Q1 and
not in the future periods. Given how sudden and severe the pandemic arrival was in March, we chose
to take powerful action to care for our employees through this crisis. Second, due to the cancellation
of our physical events this fiscal year in favor of virtual experiences, all event contracts that included
cancellation fees for fiscal '21 commitments were expensed in the quarter. This amounts to approximately
$65 million. We are working with these vendors to renegotiate these contracts as we pivot to digital virtual
experiences, which means we could see some partial reversal later in the year.

Thirdly, we incurred approximately $25 million in onetime lease impairments due to vacating and
subleasing offices that will likely return below-market rent due to the COVID pandemic. And finally,
we prioritize caring for our community by donating approximately $20 million, which came in the
form of PP&E and cash grants. These unique and mostly onetime variable items were partially offset
by approximately $75 million in savings, largely from T&E due to shelter-in-place orders. The net of
these items created approximately 350 basis points of headwind to operating margin compared to our
expectations in the quarter.

Regarding our strategic investments, we recorded approximately $192 million in realized and unrealized
gains. This was driven by significant realized gains on the sale of public securities, partially offset by
unrealized losses within the investment portfolio.

Turning to cash flow. Operating cash flow was $1.86 billion, which was largely impacted by delayed
payments from customers while sheltering in place and some temporary financial flexibility that we
granted to certain customers that were most affected by the COVID pandemic. We expect to collect
the majority of the balance this year and do not expect this to have an impact on our full year cash
flow. In addition, we previously described this partial commission guarantee also created a headwind to
our operating cash flow. Should we not have incurred these items above, our Q1 growth rate would be
consistent with historical rates.

CapEx for the quarter was $323 million, leading to free cash flow, defined as operating cash flow less
CapEx, of $1.54 billion, down 15% year-over-year.

Turning to guidance for Q2 and fiscal '21. Revenue is now expected to be $4.89 billion to $4.90 billion in
Q2 and approximately $20 billion for the fiscal year, the latter of which continues to include $50 million
contribution from Velocity, which is expected to close on June 1. There are 2 important assumptions
reflected within the guidance that stem from our assumptions that the IT spending growth normalizes
next year, which we believe to be appropriately conservative and consistent with our learnings as we
successfully navigated through the great financial crisis.

First, our guidance assumes our revenue attrition rises from less than 9% now to less than 10%
temporarily for the rest of the fiscal year. Second, the guidance reflects the adjustment to incremental new

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

SALESFORCE.COM, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 28, 2020

business expectations that we made due to the COVID pandemic. Another important consideration when
thinking about our FY '21 guide is the magnitude of the above when applied toward term license products.
As a reminder, the term license revenue product typically records approximately 50% of the contract's
TCV immediately to revenue with the remaining balance recorded ratably over the contract term. This
accounting treatment can create uneven revenue trends between fiscal periods. As you saw during half 2
of FY '20, this helped drive the revenue outperformance in those quarters.

Additionally, we are pleased to have experienced improving trends within our pipeline and close rates
between March through today, which leaves us incrementally optimistic about the future. In fact, April was
better than we anticipated it would be when we started that month. We continue to see additional positive
trends in May. For Q2, GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be minus $0.02 to minus $0.01, while non-GAAP
diluted EPS will be $0.66 to $0.67. For fiscal '21, we're expecting GAAP diluted EPS to be minus $0.06 to
minus $0.04, while non-GAAP diluted EPS will be $2.93 to $2.95.

In light of the COVID pandemic and our actions in Q1 to support our customers, employees and
communities, we expect our fiscal '21 non-GAAP operating margin to be roughly flat year-over-year on a
percentage basis. As we prepare for the future, our outlook for the rest of fiscal '21 includes incremental
discipline and prudence especially in regards to head count, largely due to lower employee attrition rate
than planned. As always, we continue to monitor our go-to-market capacity to ensure we allocate the
appropriate investments to achieve our targets both this year and in the future.

For the remainder of the year, we are focused on making ourselves even stronger upon exiting the
pandemic. As a reminder, our EPS guidance assumes no future contribution from mark-to-market
accounting as required by ASU 2016-01. For operating cash flow, we're reducing our fiscal '21 operating
cash flow guidance to 10% to 11% year-over-year growth to align with our updated revenue and margin
guide. We do not expect to provide incremental temporary financial flexibility. We now expect CapEx to be
approximately 3% of revenue in fiscal '21, resulting in a free cash flow growth rate of approximately 13%
to 14% for the fiscal year.

We expect CRPO to be approximately 16% to 17% growth year-over-year in the second quarter, which
we believe is appropriately conservative and consistent with our revenue guide. In light of the uncertainty
surrounding the COVID pandemic, we are reassessing our long-term revenue target for fiscal '24 and
we're planning on giving an update during the Investor Day.

To close, while the COVID pandemic was sudden and a once-in-a-generation crisis, we are proud of the
investments and relationships we have deepened with our customers, our community and our employees.
We are confident our actions in these investments will lead to an even stronger business and company
in the future. And as we move into phase 2, we are strategically well poised with a strong balance sheet
and a durable business model, we are well positioned to continue to leverage this secular tailwind to drive
digital transformation.
I'd like to thank our employees, our customers, our partners, our communities and our shareholders, all
our shareholders for the continued support, and I wish to each of you and your families and your firms,
safety and wellness. And with that, we'll open up the call for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

SALESFORCE.COM, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

And your first question comes from Mark Murphy with JPMorgan.

Mark Ronald Murphy
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Marc, the second week of November should be an interesting one. I am wondering what Einstein might
be telling you about virtual Dreamforce 2020. Some of us on the call have attended every single one
in person at Moscone Center. And so just with it going virtual, curious how you're going to maximize
the impact of Dreamforce so it provides the inspiration that it's known for and also so that it drives the
pipeline for Q4 and beyond.

Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO

Well, that's such a good question, and I'll tell you that, of course, Dreamforce has been such an incredible
part of our culture, that we're all going to miss Dreamforce this year. But you may see that we've already
started some amazing things online and we're getting some phenomenal results. In fact, as I mentioned,
we've already had more than 75 million views, and I think we're having, almost soon, 100 million views
of our Leading Through Change program. And I don't know if you've had the opportunity to watch or
participate in Leading Through Change, but it's been incredible.

And that type of virtual program, I believe, is very much going to be something that is going to be a
permanent part of our culture. We really have been able to inspire our customers and our employees, all
of our Ohana, including our account executives, and enable them with these programs. And while we're
certainly going to miss being together at Dreamforce this year, and that's not something that, well, any
of us could have imagined just 90 days ago, I think that we now see a very clear path to be able to have
virtual events, build pipeline, build community, build brand, create and deliver new products. And I have a
lot of confidence in our ability to execute without a physical Dreamforce this year.

And not just Dreamforce, by the way. We -- as Mark mentioned, we canceled all of our physical events
for this year, and we had to pay an extremely large amount of cancellation fees that all got cost into that
first quarter number. And so all those world tours and all these other amazing events, we do 1,000 events
a year, we're just moving as many of them to the virtual programs as well. And not just the big events,
there's lots of small things happening. So we've got a whole new playbook that we're executing. It's a
great question. Thank you.

Operator

Your next question comes from Terry Tillman with SunTrust.

Terrell Frederick Tillman
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

I guess my question relates to -- it's great seeing the AT&T win. It seems like a great example of the
digital transformation opportunities. But with Customer 360 and these larger transformational deals, Marc,
maybe you could give us an update. You talked about strengthening pipeline. How do some of these larger
transformational deals, how do you see that playing out the rest of the year? Or is that -- some of that
business harder to come by just because it is more complex?

Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

SALESFORCE.COM, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 28, 2020

Well, I'll give you the beginning of the answer. And then I have been very fortunate this quarter to have
Brian Millham running our global distribution organization. He's also running it in the second quarter while
we're bringing Gavin onboard. And Brian has been with us for more than 20 years. Many of you know
Brian. He's really been the heart and soul of our distribution culture. He's just done a phenomenal job this
quarter.

And I think that what we see reminds us a lot of -- over a lot of different times in the last 20 years of
Salesforce, where you have to have a full portfolio of products and deals, small, medium and large, that
there's an ebb and flow. You're never going to make your number on all large deals or all small deals. You
have to have a portfolio of transactions, and you have to have that across geographies, product segments,
verticals. And that's one thing I've been super proud of the distribution organization, their ability to deliver
that. And then you see that start to manifest in these really strong pipeline. So Brian, do you want to
comment on that?

Brian Millham
President of Customer Success Group

Yes, Marc. I think we made the comment earlier, the strengthening of our pipeline over the last couple
of weeks here has been very encouraging for us. And that strengthening of pipeline comes in all forms,
as you said. It comes from different segments of our market, different regions of our markets, different
products. And so we're very encouraged by the future, both the large deals and the small deals that we're
getting done across our incredible distribution organization. So very, very encouraged as we go forward.

Operator

Your next question comes from Sarah Hindlian with Macquarie.

Sarah Emily Hindlian-Bowler
Macquarie Research

I hope everybody is well. I guess my first question is for you, Marc, Marc B. You guys are talking about
this nice pickup in the pipeline. And I'd love a little bit more color about what you're seeing that -- is it
across certain verticals, markets, products, enterprise, commercial? And then I have a follow-up for Mark
Hawkins.

Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO

Well, thanks. I'm going to have Bret Taylor comment on that because he and I were just talking about that
today. We've been so inspired by kind of connecting to the first question, how a lot of our programs that
we put in place. And I'll tell you the 4 dimensions that we've been really focusing on. Of course, we have a
very large-scale distribution organization. I would say it's more than half of our company. You think about
that in terms of all the customer-facing organization and it's -- number one, the most important thing is
to have everyone, especially when you move to an at-home environment, participating. Participation has
been mission-critical, and that's really where we focus.

What percentage of those sales and service professionals, managers, executives are out there and really
working with customers, and this is an unusual environment. That provided an opportunity for lots of new
training, new -- kind of new ideas, new programs. And the second thing is to enable them with that, to
train them and also introduce them to these new technologies, these products. The third thing that was
absolutely critical after participation and enablement, making sure that they have a relevant position. I'm
sure for many of you, as this crisis kind of unfolded, you didn't have something relevant to say, we didn't
have a lot of time for you. And the reality is Salesforce became incredibly relevant to our customers. First,
in this core digital transformation, and then next was really how we could provide tremendous value in
reopening safely. That became the third leg of our stool. The fourth leg became really critical, the tactical
plays and critical aspects of building that pipeline up. So Bret, you've been the architect of all of these
things. Can you talk to us about how you put that into place?

Bret Steven Taylor

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

SALESFORCE.COM, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 28, 2020

President & COO

Yes, Marc. Thank you. I think that one of the things that you said in your opening script that I'm really
seeing from our customers is this digital imperative. And across the entire Customer 360, we're really
seeing that play out in some of -- both the pipeline numbers and the adoption numbers, some of which
you mentioned on the call. For customer service as an example, our Einstein Bot functionality, which
provides digital self-service, which is more relevant than ever before, is up over 100% just in February. It
really reflects that overnight digital transformation of service.

There's marketing. Einstein is doing over 12 million predictions per day, really represents this mass scale
digital personalization because digital is the one channel really remaining for a lot of our customers
to engage with their employees. On our Commerce Cloud, GMV was up over 100% year-over-year as
commerce digitized overnight. Even on industries, as Marc mentioned, the Small Business Administration
loans process really came out a lot of banks overnight. We helped one of our largest banking customers
go live in just 72 hours. This is all digital. It's fast. And we're really seeing that relevance point that you
mentioned, Marc, being extremely important.

I think that every single CEO, every single CIO I talk to has the same message, which is whatever digital
transformation they have left has just accelerated, thanks to COVID-19. I think these digital aspects of
our Customer 360 platform have become more relevant than ever before, and you're seeing that in the
pipeline.

Operator

Your next question comes from Derrick Wood with Cowen.

James Derrick Wood
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

A question for Mark Hawkins. Implied CRPO bookings growth for Q2 looks to be in the mid-single-digit
range, if I have my math right, following 20% in Q1. And obviously, a lot of companies are expecting a
tougher Q2. But can you just walk us through the assumptions here, whether there's any pressure points
coming from contractions or churn or pushed-out deals or any dynamic you'd call there? And then I know
you don't guide CRPO beyond the quarter, but given the constructive commentary on the pipeline, any
color can you give on how we should think about a potential recovery in CRPO bookings in the second
half?

Mark J. Hawkins
President & CFO

Sure. First of all, thank you, Derrick, for the question. Happy to do that. When we -- for CRPO, when we
look at that for the Q2, you should think about it as approximately 16% to 17% growth rate CRPO. So I
think that aligns well as we think about the revenue going forward in the current year and this temporary
year of pandemic, if you will. So we think it's appropriate line, number one.

I think in terms of the recovery, the way we had -- and you talked about attrition and things of that
nature, we -- I just want to be clear that we're actually very pleased in the sense that our attrition actually
went down year-over-year in Q1. And so from that standpoint, I think it's good. I think what we've tried to
do is we're appropriately conservative having -- going through this pandemic to assume that it would go
up some, and we called that out. It still would be -- we would expect that to be temporary in nature. But
we said for the fiscal year, it will be less than 10%, up some, and that's partly based on the learning from
the great financial crisis. Heretofore, we were very pleased to see what happened in Q1. But that's a little
bit of color. We had to make a call and kind of really make sure that we're dialing the same in light of the
uncertainty that's out there. So I think that would be something to think about.

In terms of the recovery itself from an IT spending standpoint, we think that if you were expecting a
recovery in FY '22, which begins for us in February, could it be sooner? We see companies that are doing
that. That's just what we're trying to do when we think it's appropriately conservative, and so that informs
us in terms of how we think about the demand in environment. But one thing we learned for sure in the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

SALESFORCE.COM, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 28, 2020

great financial crisis is take a good look at what's going on, see the temporary situation and then we
remember how we navigated through it very successfully and on back to our future.

And we really see that in this particular case, that this is a point in time, a much bigger opportunity that
we all know about, including $170 billion-plus TAM. That's one of the fastest-growing parts of the market,
but everything is being impacted temporarily with the pandemic. So that's what I would say and happy to
have, if Marc wants to add anything to that. Hope that helps, Derrick.

Operator

Your next question...

Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO

Well, I'd really like to open that up to Gavin Patterson, our new Chief Revenue Officer. He's been driving
this incredibly strongly from his office in London, and he's going to be moving to San Francisco shortly.
You heard about this incredible win that he personally led at this amazing organization called the Standard
Bank Group. But Gavin, can you just fill in how you see this market unfolding right now?

Gavin E. Patterson
Chairman of Europe, the Middle East & Africa and President & CEO of Salesforce International

Well, thank you, Marc, and just to say, I'm very excited to be taking on the role in the next few months.
I've known Salesforce, as you know, for many years, and I've known Marc personally for many years as
well as a customer at BT, where I was the CEO. And I started my career at Procter & Gamble in brand
management. So I know the company reasonably well as a customer.

And over the last year or so, I've been more and more involved with the company, initially building an
advisory board in Europe and then lastly, taking up executive responsibilities for international. And that's
where I helped steer in the Standard Bank deal at the end of the quarter, which was a big win for us and
I think very much a platform deal for us in Africa as we open up that market. So there are many things I
hope I can bring to this job, a customer viewpoint, an international viewpoint, a CEO viewpoint.

But the one thing that's very clear to me is the opportunities are there very clearly. And seeing how the
organization has been able to adapt in the last couple of months to the shock of the virus and rebuild and
become even more relevant to customers gives me great confidence that the opportunities are there. And
as Marc said, the majority of customers that we're talking to are saying, "How can I accelerate digital
transformation?" And there's no better partner to do that with. So I think certainly the growth potential,
not just domestically in the U.S., but internationally around the world, I think, exists for us.

Operator

Your next question comes from Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI.

Stewart Kirk Materne
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Marc, thanks for all the work you and the team have done to help out in this crisis. You guys have done
some great things. My question is for Marc B. If we think back to the great financial recession and
you think about what eventually turned the tide from customers wanting to talk to you about digital
transformation to customers actually spending on digital transformation, I mean, I think between you,
Gavin and Bret, you all mentioned that there's a greater understanding of the imperative to spend on
digital transformation today, yet you obviously have some prudent guidance out there for the second
half of the year. So when you talk to CEOs, what do you want to start hearing from them that gives
you confidence that their interest is going to start translating into bookings? Is it simply just business
confidence, better understanding of sort of what's going to happen in the fall around COVID? Just kind of
curious so we can keep an eye on some of the broader data points out there and try to triangulate it to
your thinking on business momentum.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

SALESFORCE.COM, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 28, 2020

Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO

Well, I think it's such a good question because, of course, when you are addressing a market with a set of
products, capabilities, you're going to have a set of strategies as well as a set of tactics. You're going to
have plays as well as products, programs, and you're going to do that differently by geography, different
by industry.

I think we already know that unlike the financial crisis, the way that this has discriminated against
different industries is quite different than anything we've ever seen before and has been quite shocking
and for some industries, that will take some time for them to recover. In other industries, it's actually
been accelerating, and it causes them to grow faster than they anticipated. I mentioned with AT&T. That's
obviously a company that will transform itself during this moment to become more digital, to become a
stronger, more customer-centric organization. They're going to accelerate into it.

My personal belief is always that in a moment of crisis, you need to invest through it. Maybe not every
company can do that but a lot of companies surprisingly can. That's why you have to offer a full portfolio
of capabilities. I really saw all that come together in the first quarter. I was really impressed with the
bookings that we achieved in the first quarter. As it kind of started to get crazy in the middle of March, I
was like, "Wow, what is going to happen at the end of March and then through April?" Well, this was the
best of Salesforce. This was the best I've ever seen Salesforce perform. I mean it was just incredible to
see all of our Ohana, the sales organization, service, engineering, across the board.

And then in the second quarter, well, as I mentioned, I'm already really, really inspired by the bookings
numbers that I started to see and the pipeline numbers. So we're quite optimistic about what the future is
going to look like for us. And Brian, do you want to fill in a couple of details for us?

Brian Millham
President of Customer Success Group

I appreciate that, Marc, and I appreciate the question. For us, it's about being very relevant to our
customers. It's about showing up and listening deeply to what they're going through. And what we're
finding is we're more relevant than we've ever been to our customers, and that's a great place to be.
I couldn't be happier with the broad portfolio of products that we have to go address the problems our
customers are facing today. It's a great product team building incredible products. Work.com is a perfect
example of something that we've reacted to very, very quickly and are helping our customers address
these core issues. And when you sit in that position, I think it's why we see our pipeline is accelerating
right now. So just very, very pleased with where we sit today.

Operator

And your last question comes from Brent Thill with Jefferies.

Brent John Thill
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Marc, just back to encouraged by the bookings going into Q2. Can you give any color what you saw from
April into May? Many tech companies have seen stabilization and improvement. Are you seeing similar
trends through the month of May? And then maybe for Mark Hawkins just on the expense side. There are
a lot of questions that this environment may kind of permanently shift some of the expenses across tech.
Do you think there's some permanent lasting effect that can inherently make you more profitable through
this as we exit out?

Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO

Well, I'd really like to turn it back over to Gavin for a second and Brian and have them address the
customer environment that we're seeing. And then maybe Bret could fill in the details on the pipeline as
well. Gavin?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

SALESFORCE.COM, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 28, 2020

Gavin E. Patterson
Chairman of Europe, the Middle East & Africa and President & CEO of Salesforce International

Yes, sorry, sorry, Marc, I was wondering whether you want Brian to get it. Well, what we're seeing is
confidence is building almost week by week. So clearly, there was a shock that hit the system, particularly
in March. But as we go in through April and we moved through May, I would say bit by bit, and it's not --
given that we're at a different stage in the recovery market by market, it's not the same point in every
market yet, but the broad sense of direction is building confidence, beginning to see get much better
visibility for bookings, not just in Q2 but into Q3 and Q4 as well.

So I can sense the confidence building in the sales organization. We're not getting carried away with
ourselves. But going back to a point that's been made a couple of times on the call. The relevance of our
product set and particularly Work.com is proving that actually more than ever, our products are important
to our customers and key to the digital revolution and transformation that our customers are going to go
through. So as I say, I'm pretty bullish about what I'm seeing at the moment, and we'll continue to see it
grow, I think, from here.

Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO

Brian, do you want to fill that in?

Brian Millham
President of Customer Success Group

Yes. I would just second the comments. We're seeing tremendous confidence in our sales teams right now,
pipeline growth that is very, very good year-over-year. And those compares are against a quarter where
we didn't have a pandemic. And so we're feeling very confident about the pipeline growth. As Gavin said
appropriately, we're not getting overconfident. We need to go out and execute, but we feel very good
about where we sit. And hate to repeat myself, but in the -- at a time when you need to be relevant and
you have products that fit the customer need, we feel like we're in a very good position right now. So very,
very happy with where we are in the early, early months of the quarter.

Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO

Bret?

Bret Steven Taylor
President & COO

Yes. I think echoing both Gavin and Brian's comments, I've had 3 customer meetings already today, and
every single one had one theme, which is everyone's looking past the pandemic towards the next normal
and the new normal. And I think all of us have the ability to know that we're not 100% sure what that's
going to look like. But it's all digital. It's work from anywhere. It's a completely new experience for our
customers' employees and their customers. And they are looking at our solution as the most relevant
platform available to really help their customer -- help their company transition to that new normal.

So that's really what we're seeing. I think there's still uncertainty out there, but I think people have
started this reopening process, and you're seeing it in the momentum in the business.

Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO

And I'd like to just kind of give the closing words to -- I'd love to have Amy Weaver give us the closing
words on her -- because she's been involved in so many of our customer discussions. And Amy, can you fill
in exactly how you -- how do you see the situation moving forward?

Amy E. Weaver
President, Chief Legal Officer & Secretary

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

SALESFORCE.COM, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 28, 2020

Well, I'm excited to see this moving forward. It has been a whirlwind of a few months. But when I look
at what we went through and where we're going, what really stands out to me is that everything we
executed during this quarter and every plan that we're making for the future, we're doing it in line with
our core values, with trust, with customer success, with innovation and with equality. And I think that we
found that these values serve the company so well. It leads to a stronger company, stronger relationships
with our customers, stronger relationships with our communities and really a great position for all of our
stakeholders. So thrilled to be part of it and looking forward to the next step.

Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO

Parker, love for you to wrap it up. You've had the full perspective of 21 years, and you've done a
phenomenal job developing and delivering Work.com and Customer 360. Can you give us your words of
wisdom?

Parker Harris
Co-Founder, CTO & Director

Yes. I think I would just close by saying we're all in our homes right now as everyone is probably listening
to us, follows in their homes. And yet, as a management team, I think we've never been closer, which is
kind of odd that we've been sent to our homes and yet, we're operating more closely than ever and faster
than ever. Marc and I had said, it's kind of like we're back to the start-up days and yet we're a 50,000-
plus employee company.

And I've had the same experience as Bret was saying in working with our customers, we are no longer
walking into our customers' offices in suits and having that kind of separation. We're in their homes with
them, and they trust us. So they're letting us into their homes as we're selling to them and supporting
them and servicing them. And it's just a sign of, Marc, the success that we've had in building that trust
with our customers for 21 years and I guess the reason why we're coming through this as we are.

And so I hope all of you out there are also having that same experience and just really proud of what
we've done as a company during this crisis.

Marc R. Benioff
Co-Founder, Chairman & CEO

Okay. Back to you, Evan.

Mark J. Hawkins
President & CFO

Okay. Marc, do you want me to -- maybe I should just tackle the last part of Brent's question there, and
then we'll go to Evan. One, Brent, we definitely are always looking for opportunities as the environment
has shifted. It provides an opportunity for us to take a beginner's eye on everything, and we're certainly
doing that. You heard whether it's pipe gen, whether it's reimagining everything we're doing, certainly
travel, there are so many different examples, but we're constantly looking at focusing obviously in
delivering growth, profitability and cash flow over the long term.

We're obviously very excited about the long-term opportunity to serve our customer and help them, and
we're very aligned. I thought Parker's comment was really awesome about, we're very aligned around
how to navigate through this and get beyond this point in time and really seize the opportunity for an
unbelievably strategically positioned situation to serve our customers over the long term. Marc and Evan,
back to you.

Evan Goldstein
Senior Vice President of Corporate Planning and Operations Finance & Strategy

Thank you all for joining us for our call today, and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
Hope you are all safe and healthy.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

SALESFORCE.COM, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 28, 2020

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

SALESFORCE.COM, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

