Sealed Air Corporation NYSE:SEE
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, May 05, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.60

0.73

Revenue  (mm)

1135.71

1173.90

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-05-2020 1:35 PM GMT

25.86

4.44

0.68

2.73

3.00

1161.95

4753.35

4870.54

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.64

0.62

0.75

0.60

0.80

0.64

0.78

0.73

25.00 %

3.23 %

4.00 %

25.86 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

James M. Sullivan
Senior VP & CFO

Karl R. Deily
Senior VP & Chief Commercial
Officer

Lori C. Chaitman
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Arun Shankar Viswanathan
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Brian P. Maguire
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Bryan Nicholas Burgmeier
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

George Leon Staphos
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Ghansham Panjabi
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Mark William Wilde
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Neel Kumar
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli
G. Research, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the First quarter 2020 Sealed Air
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program may be recorded.

And now I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Lori Chaitman, Vice President of Investor
Relations. Please go ahead.

Lori C. Chaitman
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, and good morning, everyone. I hope you and your family are healthy and staying safe.

Before we begin our call today, I'd like to note that we have provided a slide presentation to help guide
our discussion. This presentation can be found on today's webcast and can be downloaded from our IR
website at sealedair.com.

I'd like to remind you that statements made during this call stating management's outlook or predictions
for future periods are forward-looking statements. These statements are based solely on information that
is now available to us. We encourage you to review the information in the section entitled Forward-looking
Statements in our earnings release and slide presentation, which applies to this call.

Additionally, our future performance may differ due to a number of factors. Many of these factors are
listed in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and as revised and updated on our quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, which you can also find on our website at sealedair.com or
on the SEC's website at sec.gov.

We also discuss financial measures that do not conform to U.S. GAAP. You will find important information
on our use of these measures and their reconciliation to U.S. GAAP in our earnings release. Included in the
appendix of today's presentation, you will find U.S. GAAP financial results that correspond to some of the
non-U.S. GAAP measures we reference throughout the presentation.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Ted Doheny, our President and CEO. Ted?

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Lori, and thank all of you for joining our first quarter 2020 earnings call. I want to begin by
saying that I hope you and your families are staying healthy and safe during these unprecedented times. I
believe how we overcome adversity defines us, and like challenges we have faced before, we will manage
through this pandemic, learn from the experience and come out of this stronger on the other side and
even more resilient.

Many of our customers are responsible for supplying food, consumer staples, medical equipment and
supplies, pharmaceuticals and other necessary goods. Most governments and authorities have designated
these industries, including our global packaging operations as critical and essential. I want to say a special
thank you to our dedicated people working hard in our operations and those working remotely. I also
want to thank those in our supplier and customer organizations. It's a testament to our business and our
relationships that we are at the table with our customers and suppliers to ensure goods are delivered in a
timely and safe manner to consumers around the world.

On today's call, I'll recap our first quarter results and our experiences since they operate. I'll share how
we're navigating this crisis and leveraging our 4P'S of Reinvent SEE. I'll discuss how we see our company
and markets emerging and how we'll lead in this new normal. Jim will review our financial results in more
detail, and we'll end the call with Q&A. We invited Karl Deily, our Chief Commercial Officer, to join us
during the Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Let's turn to Slide 3 for a recap of our first quarter. We delivered 6% net sales growth, 17% adjusted
EBITDA growth and 24% adjusted EPS growth. Adjusted EBITDA margins expanded 220 basis points to
21.6%. Our first quarter results reflect the critical nature of our product portfolio and the agility of our
people to respond to this unprecedented environment. Our results also reflect the continued execution of
our strategy and demonstrate how Reinvent SEE is improving operating leverage on higher sales.

We're suspending our full year 2020 guidance due to the demand swings and the uncertainty on how long
the current situation will last. Again, we are at the table with our customers and suppliers, managing
the demand volatility, which is changing daily to ensure our supply is uninterrupted. I'm confident we'll
continue to execute at a high level regardless of the market volatility.

On Slide 4, our purpose statement to solve critical packaging challenges and to leave our world better
than we found it is driving us now more than ever during the crisis. We introduced our 4P'S of Reinvent
SEE, performance, people, products, processes and sustainability over a year ago and have been using
them as a guide to ensure employee safety, business continuity and make our business stronger. I'm
impressed how our teams around the world have taken our performance to the next level.

Our people have done a tremendous job responding to customers and our communities to deliver the best
service possible.

By operating as One Sealed Air culture, we're maximizing productivity across our business segments,
regions and functions, enabling fast, coordinated decision-making. Our product strategy is resonating
with our customers in this time of crisis, delivering the best products at the right price and making them
sustainable. Practicing social distancing and implementing automation to do more with less by investing
and working smarter has become even more important to both our operations and our customers. We're
accelerating our innovations to support a more touchless digital world.

Our One Sealed Air operational excellence process starts with 0 harm. By creating new ways to keep
people out of harm's way in our own facilities and for our customers, we are driving value by eliminating
waste, simplifying and then automating.

Sustainability is still top of mind in everything we do. Our core competencies in food safety, automation
and protecting goods with innovative, sustainable solutions will be even more critical and a key driver to
our profitable growth.

Let me now turn to Slide 5 and give you more details about the actions we have taken, how we expect
our transformation to accelerate into the recovery and how we are leading to a new normal. To protect
our employees, we've enhanced cleaning procedures at all sites. We're performing employee temperature
checks upon entrance and requiring personal protective equipment for location-dependent essential
workers. We've implemented social distancing measures within these operating sites and our non-location-
dependent employees continue to work remotely.

We've implemented visitor access restrictions and suspended nonessential travel. We're also finding
new virtual ways to stay connected to each other and our customers. We have created flexibility with
our teams in our supply chain and product portfolio to support rapidly changing circumstances in our
end markets. I've joined numerous calls with our crisis management teams, regional sales, customers,
suppliers and industry leaders. Our service levels have remained strong. Our teams are well organized,
and we have adapted quickly despite the difficult environment.

As the global economy slowly reopen, the actions we are taking today will accelerate our transformation
into the recovery phase. We have prioritized our innovation pipeline while strengthening our partnerships
with customers and suppliers.

On this slide, we're showing a few examples of our product offerings that we've quickly adapted to support
customer demand swings. We will be stronger post crisis. We are adopting more flexible workplace
practices. We are taking advantage of our digital tools to stay connected with our colleagues, supply
chain partners and customers. We remain committed to our 2025 Sustainability Pledge and are on track
achieving 100% recyclable or reusable materials with 50% average recycled content.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Let's now turn to Slide 6, which summarizes the early impact of COVID-19 in our One Sealed Air end
markets. Approximately 65% of our sales are derived from packaging fresh and frozen proteins as well
as other food, fluids and goods for the medical and life sciences industries. In March, coinciding with the
implementation of stay-at-home or lockdown orders, the food industry experienced a dramatic shift to
retail and a dramatic slowdown in foodservice. For Sealed Air, this shift resulted in a surge in demand for
our retailed applications, including case ready, shrink bags and prepackaged meals and snacks designed
for home consumption.

In mid-April, throughout North America, some of our food customers faced COVID-19 outbreaks in their
meat processing plants and have been forced to temporarily shut down production. We've not seen any
significant closures outside of North America and demand for retail protein packaging has remained
strong on a global basis. The situation in North America is very fluid and we're working closely with our
customers to support their needs.

Within our medical and life sciences portfolio, which is approximately 4% of our net sales, we're seeing
new business in our protective packaging solutions for medical supplies, pharmaceuticals and personal
protective equipment, such as monitoring systems, ventilators, mask and COVID-19 test kits. The
remaining 35% of our sales serve consumer and industrial segments. Many of these end markets,
including general manufacturing, transportation and nonessential goods are suffering from government-
enforced shutdowns and a significant reduction in discretionary spending.

Partially offsetting these declines are increases in demand for goods that support the stay-at-home
environment and are shipped through e-commerce as retail channels have rapidly shifted away from brick-
and-mortar stores. Across our global business, we estimate that approximately 75% of our end markets
are experiencing increased demand for food, medical supplies and consumer staples. The remaining
25% are facing slowdowns or have been forced to temporarily suspend production. Recognizing we are
immersed in an extremely unpredictable environment, our experiences would tell us that we will return to
a more balanced supply and demand in due time.

Longer term, we expect the learnings from the pandemic will drive secular global demand increases for
automation and packaged proteins. Producers will invest in more automation for efficiency and safety, and
consumers around the world will demand packaging formats that maximize food safety, minimize food
waste and are sustainable. For now, our top priorities are the safety of our people, managing the business
continuity for our customers and making our business stronger for the future.

I'll now pass the call to Jim to review our results in more detail. Jim?

James M. Sullivan
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, Ted. Let's turn to Slide 7 for a review of our net sales by region. In the first quarter, sales were
$1.2 billion, an increase of 6% as reported and 8% in constant dollars. In constant dollars, North America,
our largest region, representing 61% of the company's sales grew 10% year-over-year. EMEA was up 7%
and Asia Pacific was down 1%. South America, where we have U.S. dollar index pricing, was up 24%, of
which 7% was volume growth.

Turning to Slide 8. Here, we highlight our organic sales volume and pricing trends by segment and region.
In the first quarter, volume, excluding acquisitions, rebounded to 2% growth, driven by 5% growth in Food
Care partially offset by a 2% decline in Product Care. Due to increased demand in protein packaging for
retail markets, Food Care experienced volume growth across all regions, except for Asia Pacific, which
declined 3% in the quarter, largely due to depressed dairy market conditions and herd rebuilding in
Australia and New Zealand.

Product Care volumes declined across all regions. However, the business performed better than we
anticipated as declines in industrial markets were partially offset by an increase in e-commerce demand
for consumer staples and medical supplies. Overall volume growth in the quarter was partially offset by
a decline in net selling prices. Lower resin-based formula pricing, mostly in North America food care was

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

the primary contributor of the price decline, partially offset by U.S. dollar index pricing, mainly in South
America.

On Slide 9, we present our year-over-year consolidated sales and adjusted EBITDA bridges for the first
quarter. Organic sales in the quarter were up 1.5%. Acquisitions contributed $75 million, of which $69
million was from Automated Packaging Systems. Currency translation negatively impacted sales in the
quarter by $30 million or about 3%, mostly due to year-over-year declines in the Argentinian peso,
Brazilian real, the euro and the Australian dollar. Based on where exchange rates are today, the negative
translation impact on sales for the year versus 2019 would be approximately $140 million.

Adjusted EBITDA of $253 million increased $37 million or 17% compared to last year, with margin up 220
basis points to 21.6%. Reinvent SEE benefits totaled $30 million in the quarter, $25 million in operating
costs, inclusive of $14 million of restructuring savings and $5 million in price/cost spread. Adjusted
EBITDA also benefited from higher volumes and contribution from Automated Packaging Systems.
Currency translation was $7 million unfavorable to adjusted EBITDA in the first quarter.

Operating costs in the quarter included over $2 million of incremental spending related to COVID-19, but
these expenses were partially offset by lower employee travel activity. Adjusted EPS in the first quarter
was $0.73 compared to $0.59 in the first quarter of 2019, primarily due to higher adjusted EBITDA,
partially offset by increased depreciation and amortization expense. About 2/3 of the D&A increase was
from the Automated Packaging Systems acquisition. The adjusted tax rate in the first quarter was 27.9%,
as compared to 29.5% last year.

Turning to Slide 10. Here, we provide an update on our Reinvent SEE transformation, which continues to
progress in earnest, and is driving significant structural operating leverage in the business as evidenced by
the greater than 60% profit to growth ratio in the quarter. We have added a new work stream to Reinvent
SEE in our commercial organization to accelerate innovation and growth in core and adjacent markets.
The new capabilities and processes that underlie the success of Reinvent on our cost structure will help us
reinvigorate and drive targeted top line growth in the business.

In 2020, we are on track to realize $110 million of incremental benefits to adjusted EBITDA compared to
last year, of which roughly half is related to actions taken in 2019, and the other half is coming from new
actions. We are prudently accelerating 2020 Reinvent actions where possible and have been successful to
date, given our operations have been largely intact despite challenges with the virus.

Cash restructuring payments associated with Reinvent SEE were $26 million in the first quarter. We
continue to estimate approximately $100 million in cash payments for the year.

Turning to segment results on Slide 11. Starting with Food Care. In the first quarter, Food Care net sales
of $690 million were up $10 million or 2%. In constant dollars, sales were up $35 million or 5%, primarily
driven by higher volumes. Adjusted EBITDA in Food Care increased $13 million or 9% to $156 million with
margin improving 160 basis points to 22.6%. This performance was primarily driven by higher volumes
and Reinvent SEE actions.

Our Food Care business benefited from the shift in retail demand for Cryovac packaged proteins. Shrink
bags, rollstock and case-ready applications, which account for more than 80% of Food Care sales were
up 4% to 5% in the first quarter. Sales in fluids, which accounted for 6% of Food Care in the first quarter,
were essentially flat compared to last year. Over the next few quarters, our fluids portfolio, which consists
of innovative vertical pouch packaging for condiments, soups and sauces will be negatively impacted by
the slowdown in the foodservice industry. Equipment sales, which also accounted for 6% of Food Care,
increased mid-teens percent in the first quarter. However, since mid-March, plants around the world have
instituted visitor restriction policies, which has led to a shutdown of installations.

With some of our North American food customer temporarily suspending production, our orders have
moderated since peak levels in March. Our customers are doing everything they can to reopen their
facilities as soon as possible, and we are there to support them.

On Slide 12, we highlight results from our Product Care segment. In the first quarter, Product Care net
sales of $484 million were up $51 million or 12% as reported. Organic sales were down 3%. Adjusted

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

EBITDA of $93 million increased $18 million or 24%, including a $13 million contribution from Automated
Packaging Systems. Product Care's adjusted EBITDA margin of 19.2% expanded 190 basis points year-
over-year. Reinvent SEE benefits and low input costs more than offset the negative impact from the
organic sales decline.

Product Care's value-added solutions portfolio, which represents about 1/3 of the segment sales and has
the most exposure to e-commerce distribution of essential and nonessential consumer goods delivered
10% organic volume growth in the quarter. The performance across value-added solutions was largely
driven by increased demands on e-commerce fulfillment centers to automate packaging processes,
increase the speed to pack and optimize the cube size for efficient shipping. These solutions are designed
to handle the high level of cushioning required to ship critical goods.

As a reminder, Automated Packaging Systems is included in value-added solutions, along with Bubble
Wrap on-demand, paper systems, Korrvu, temperature-controlled packaging and automated equipment,
such as our IPAC and StealthWrap systems. The remaining 2/3 of Product Care consist of industrial
applications and traditional packaging. In the first quarter, volume declined 7% in industrials and 3% in
traditional. We expect industrial applications to be hit the hardest through the pandemic. Demand trends
in North America in January and February began to stabilize. However, March sales dropped in the high
single-digit percent area as many of our customers and distributors were forced to temporarily shut down.

Traditional packaging performed better than we anticipated in the first quarter. We experienced low single-
digit growth in mailer volume as a result of the surge in e-commerce distribution, but this was more
than offset by declines in traditional bubble wrap, void fill applications and shrink film. Based on what we
experienced in April, and given the level of exposure we have to industrials, we think Product Care volume
in total could decline 15% to 20% in the second quarter, with improvement in the second half of the
year as the economy reopens, industrial manufacturing resumes and we continue to help our customers
automate their packaging processes.

Now let's turn to free cash flow on Slide 13. First quarter cash generation is typically lower as a result of
seasonality of sales and working capital and timing of certain annual payments, in particular, incentive
compensation and customer volume rebates. Despite higher adjusted EBITDA in the first quarter of
2020, free cash flow declined $24 million year-over-year, primarily due to higher incentive compensation
payments based on improved 2019 performance and a higher quarter end accounts receivable balance
from significantly increased sales in the back half of March related to COVID-19 demand across many of
our end markets.

We expect trade working capital overall to be a source of cash in the back half of the year from normal
seasonality and proactive management of underlying working capital metrics. Additionally, we are reducing
our CapEx target for the year from $200 million to $175 million in light of current economic conditions.
This level of spending will bolster near-term cash generation but will also allow key strategic growth
investments to advance without delay. Overall, we remain confident in our ability to generate free cash
flow in these uncertain times and plan on maintaining our dividend at current levels.

As initially disclosed in the third quarter of 2019, Diversey submitted a claim that Sealed Air owe it
approximately $50 million pursuant to a clawback agreement that we entered into in connection with
Sealed Air's sale of the Diversey business in 2017. Under this clawback agreement, Sealed Air was
contingently obligated to return to Diversey a portion of the purchase price we received in the sale if
Diversey failed to achieve specified financial metrics following a successful renewal of certain commercial
contracts post closing. As noted in our Form 10-Q filed this morning, we have resolved this matter with
Diversey, and will not be required to make any payment under the clawback agreement. Accordingly, we
have recorded an $0.08 per share gain in the quarter from discontinued operations.

Slide 14 highlights our leverage, liquidity and debt maturity profile. We ended the quarter with pro forma
net debt to trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA of 3.5x, which is down from 3.6x at the end of 2019. We
will continue to take a disciplined approach to capital allocation to maintain a healthy balance sheet and
based on what we now see, expect further leverage reduction by the end of the year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

As of the end of March, we had over $1.2 billion of liquidity from a combination of cash on hand and
undrawn committed revolving credit facilities. We have a leverage covenant in our credit facility with a
maximum ratio of 5x through the third quarter of 2020, reducing back to 4.5x at the end of 2020. The
increase in the covenant maximum to 5x was triggered in the fourth quarter of 2019 with the Automated
Packaging Systems acquisition.

The covenant calculation as of the first quarter is estimated to be 3.2x which is lower than our reported
pro forma net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio due to certain allowed EBITDA adjustments in the credit
agreement. So we have significant cushion with our financial covenants and do not expect any issues
accessing the liquidity under the credit facility. Additionally, we do not have any debt maturities until
August 2022, which gives us good financial flexibility to operate and support the business.

I will now turn the call back over to Ted. Ted?

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Jim. We are confident that our ability to maximize food safety, minimize food waste and protect
goods that are shipped around the world will continue to create significant value for our customers. Our
capabilities in automation and digital technologies will emerge as a differentiator and enable us to become
an even more critical partner to our customers than we already are today. I'm confident that our 4P'S of
Reinvent SEE and our strategy to deliver the best product at the right price and make them sustainable
will deliver exceptional long-term results.

Before we open up the call to questions, I want to thank our employees for their dedication and
commitment to business continuity. Their efforts have been remarkable, and I could not be more proud
to lead Sealed Air during this unprecedented and unforgettable period in our history. Together, we will
emerge from this crisis a better, stronger company.
With that, I'll now open up the call for questions. Jonathan, we'd like to begin the Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America.

George Leon Staphos
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Thanks for the details, and thanks for what you're doing on COVID. My question is around volume and its
relation to Reinvent and kind of a 2 part. So Ted, can you go through a bit more detail in terms of how
you're seeing the Product Care growth drop to a 15% to 20% decline given the -- still, it sounded like very
good benefit you're getting from e-commerce, which would be a partial offset and related how volume-
dependent Reinvent savings are? I would expect at some point, those numbers maybe get hard to hit if
you keep seeing this kind of revenue or volume drop, but please add color where you would?

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Okay. Thanks, George. Actually, it would probably be helpful, George, if I point to your question if we look
at Slide 6 and then Slide 5, where we're trying to answer that question, and if we break up Reinvent SEE.
So if you look at the volume, focusing on Product Care, where as -- and Jim had in the prepared remarks,
we're looking in the quarter, we think we could have a 15% to 20% reduction. If you look at those 3
sectors, if you look at what's happening on the food side, industrial side and then the e-commerce, in
the quarter, this is Q1. But if we look at Q2, we are seeing, as you highlighted, the e-commerce business
pick up significantly. We saw some gain with our mailer business. We definitely saw some gain with APS,
with our automated systems. The other side -- also in the protective side, some of the protective is in that
food, medical and life sciences.

If you look at Slide 5, you'll see something quite interesting in the crisis going through Q1 now going
into Q2, we were actually doing some of the packaging, both on the mask is -- everybody is reading, the
economy is going to need 300 million masks just in the U.S. alone. We're into that. We're bringing actually
our APS, our Autobag systems connected to that. And also you see the another example there in our
Product Care with our Korrvu package for ventilators. So that's going to flow-through from Q1 to Q2.

Now to the downside of that 15% to 20%, what really has hit is the industrial piece. And if we look at
our Product Care, that's in that Instapak, where the industrial economy has been shut down, and we're
feeling that, and that's in that 22% of the slide. So we -- that will recover. We just don't know when, as
the businesses come back, but we think the portfolio, what we were impressed with the quarter is how
quickly we're moving our portfolio in this crisis to those growth areas, and being prepared when that
industrial economy comes back.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi from Baird.

Ghansham Panjabi
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Hope everybody is doing well. I guess as a follow-up to George's question, Ted, just give us a sense as
to April volume specific to that 75-25 split you called out in the bottom of Slide 6. And then a question
on North American food specifically. I mean, obviously, there's a lot going on with new plant shutdowns,
calling up animals in some cases. And then you have a big shift towards retail versus food service. And I
think Tyson yesterday mentioned, call it, a 40% increase in retail foodservice in some cases. How do you
think all these dynamics nets out for North American food both in 2Q? And then also as the year unfolds?

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Okay. Ghansham, actually, we have Karl here, so I'm going to let Karl take a piece of it. But if we look at
the volumes, just what's flowing in through the second quarter on the food side, we're definitely seeing,
going into April, this rapid spike that we saw in the first quarter, we're definitely seeing in April, we're
seeing that tempered. So we're seeing that business slightly down. But then to your specific question of
what's going on with the food industry, we've got Karl here. And if Karl, if you want to tackle that one?

Karl R. Deily
Senior VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Absolutely. Thank you. And Ghansham, I think if you reference back to Slide 6 and the net positive,
especially in the proteins. We saw a definite global trend of a sequential improvement in our business
with the transition from food service to retail, again, around the globe. And that's held up very well.
Even in Europe as recently as last week, retail sales were still up in the mid-teens year-over-year, which
was accretive to our business. What changed? And if you listen to Tyson's call yesterday, it's obviously
highlighted there was a significant disruption in the North American food market. And that has been
obviously gone away on the industry going into the second quarter. There was also a significant uptick in
the first quarter as that shift occurred, was a very favorable impact to us, not only just on the increase of
production, but our ability to be nimble and very fluid in how our customers pivoted from 1 market to the
other, we were able to accommodate areas where other competitors may have not been able to supply.

We were also able to provide products and increased level of volumes. You mentioned 40%. We actually
had some products that were up over 90%, and we were able to respond due to our global network
and our breadth of portfolio. So we provided that opportunity. I think we had extremely good customer
intimacy, daily conversations to drive what was obviously very unchartered waters. Just as that was
extremely favorable, they're in a down cycle with the employee situation they're working through but
again, we're connected at the hip, and we're working through the significant swings in volume.

And also the conversation has definitely changed to what's life going to look like post-COVID-19. And
we're working very closely with them on automated solutions, how can we drive additional versatility and
flexibility into their operations in a less labor-intense manner. So obviously, very good first quarter. Second
quarter, less hard -- less easy to predict, but we believe the future will be a net positive.

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Good. And Ghansham, to the last part of your question, referencing the Tyson call, if we can point to Slide
5 where we look at our portfolio, as Karl described what we're doing through the crisis and accelerating.
They did talk about automation, and they were followed up on the automation question, and we've talked
to you about what that means. This is a part, though, in the numbers, the equipment business is --
it's tough to get the equipment installed because of the situation with the crisis, but this is where the
conversation is moving into the automation. We have 2 of our pictures there showing that if you look at
on television, you see these plants where these people are so close to each other. What our automation
is allowing and we're working with these customers, how do we automatically pack in the bags and keep
people out of harm's way. The other thing they mentioned on their call is the automation being able to
look at the foreign object detection. We have the ability, and we're working with the customers to actually
see inside to help identify, is it a bone in the bag? Is it the marbling? In learning with our equipment, so
we have some significant opportunities post-crisis to help on the automation and make the business better
together. And we're at the table, and that's an exciting part of the future.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari from Citi.

Bryan Nicholas Burgmeier
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

This is actually Bryan Burgmeier sitting in for Anthony. Just in terms of the volume declines in Product
Care in 2Q, how should we think about decremental margins, just given the restructuring you've been
doing and the ongoing changes to mix?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Okay. I'll take a shot at that and maybe tag team that with Jim. If we look at the decrementals, that
we look at the business, as we've been talking to you on incrementals that we're designing to this 40%
upside. When we have a downside, we're thinking right now, it should probably be decremental in that
40%, everything being the same. Right now, though, with the shift in portfolio, we're not seeing that.
Even as you saw with -- we have so many cost actions going in place, right now, I don't know if you want
to give more detail on that, Jim. But designing decremental, we would think 40%, we're actually beating
that in the first quarter. I think we should because of Reinvent and some of the cost actions that we have
working, we should be able to beat that decremental. But that's what the design would say with losing the
volume, you should lose 40% on the downside.

James M. Sullivan
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. That 40% would be kind of the direct margin loss that you would have. But of course, we're going
to be responding to that volume decline with cost reductions that are above and beyond the Reinvent
structural program that we have going on. So I do agree that the decremental will be below that 40%
level. I feel like we're going to do what we need to do to respond to these volumes, and the organization
is very agile that way. I think our first quarter results reflect that on the upside. I think we'll see a little
bit of the challenge in Product Care in the second quarter on the downside. And I think we're prepared to
respond to that in the right way.

If I could come back while we're talking about this because George had asked about Reinvent and how we
see Reinvent progressing across the year. As we indicated, we are confident in our ability to drive the $110
million of Reinvent benefits incrementally in '20 versus '19. We got 30 in the first quarter, probably a level
comparable to that in the second quarter. And as I said, we're doing what we can to prudently accelerate.
Keep in mind that 50% of that benefit is coming from actions we took in '19. So those are fully done, and
the remainder is coming from 2020 actions.

And it is somewhat dependent on the volume profile in our factories. To George's comment. We have
been fortunate that we have been running our facilities fairly well through this situation. We had some
shutdowns, but got back pretty quickly. So I think even with the decline that we see in product here in the
second quarter, I do think that we'll be able to continue to drive forward with the structural improvement
in the business.

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Jim.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Neel Kumar from Morgan Stanley.

Neel Kumar
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. In terms of comparing North American protein production to your Food Care volumes, we haven't
seen a great quarterly correlation historically. I know regional exposure plays a role, but is there any type
of a lag or any other things you should keep in mind when comparing our relationship between the 2? And
what certainly will allow you to kind of continue to outperform underlying protein volumes?

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Neel, it came in a little bit rough. Karl, did you get?

Karl R. Deily

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Senior VP & Chief Commercial Officer

If I'm responding to your question correctly, from what we heard, you were a little broken up, is that
our volumes do tend to be very in line with market performance. There's not a real delay in the protein
market in North America. We have very integrated supply chain dynamics with our customers and are a
key part of their order fulfillment. So we do tend to track without a lag. We also tend to perform above the
market. So sometimes, when you have a significant swing in the market the way it was, from foodservice
to retail, there's a positive shift in our business as well. So the market dynamics are there, especially as
you go from food service, which may be larger packages to retail case-ready packaging, that shift is a net
positive. So we get an accretion of our performance while that's occurring.

What we've also seen during this times is a change in product formats for our customers. They've gone
to larger packages at retail, fewer cut selections. So there's a lot of dynamics in there that kind of would
change any typical model of exactly what we should see. Producers actually went through herculean
efforts to try to meet retail demand during the March time frame. Now obviously, they have other issues
that they're dealing with. But no, I think our performance mirrors the industry pretty well. There were
other things -- there were some share gains and some things of that nature that we were able to pick up
with our global footprint and dealing with the global market.

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Good. Thanks, Karl.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde from Bank of Montreal.

Mark William Wilde
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Ted, is it possible to get a sense of what kind of underlying growth you're seeing in the APS business? And
whether that's just -- has been slowed at all just in the near term from the difficulty of getting technicians
in plants to do installations, things like that?

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Good question, Mark. And if I could point again to Slide 5 on the answer there, whereas you see APS
coming in. So if we look at APS growth, APS, 50% of APS growth is on that 22% bucket on -- back to
Slide 6. So I'll go back and forth a little bit. So if you look at APS profile, that's where they have half their
business at that 22%. Where the growth profile is showing up, they do a lot of work in the ready meals,
in the food, fresh produce, pet care, you've seen -- we have that on there, that's where we've seen some
growth. And then if you flip to slide -- back to Slide 5, this is where the APS is where we got the mask
business that's coming in. APS is also helping us with the automation on the e-commerce. So the net
answer to your question, through the crisis their business has actually been slightly down to flat compared
to year-over-year.

Going into equipment side of the business, though, is really strong. And that's where with the Autobag,
the side pouch system, and that's feeding in that transition, so we're actually excited about that.

And then talking about the financials, Jim showed the bridge and you saw very clearly where APS
performance showed up, that we've moved the margins pretty quickly from where we purchased APS to
where they are today. If you could do the math on that, you'll see that's moving all the way up to an 18%
margin from 14%. So the growth is coming, the efficiencies are there. You see the Reinvent coming in
to helping APS. And as a shout-out to our APS folks listening to the call, really excited to have them on
board. They are definitely helping us become a better, stronger company through the crisis and beyond.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Our next question comes from the line of Arun Viswanathan from RBC.

Arun Shankar Viswanathan
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I guess I was just curious, you addressed the decremental margin question in the near term, I guess. I'm
just kind of curious, when you look at Food Care, as well, looking out a couple of years, do you still think
that 40% to 45% decremental margin is achievable -- or sorry, incremental margin is achievable? And
then as a follow-up, I guess, maybe could you address where we are in kind of the protein cycle in North
America and maybe in other geographies as well?

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Good question. I'll do the first part, and Karl, if you can, handle the second. So if we look at our
incremental margins, and you see really the power of changing structurally with the Reinvent. I mean if
you look at our performance in the quarter and if you're looking at food specifically to your question, we
had gains in the quarter. We had some pricing issue. The question will probably come up what's going on
with resin. So we did have a resin benefit of roughly $8 million. But we also had a pricing issue. As you're
well aware with food, we have -- we give that price back in the marketplace, so that was a wash.

So net on that, you can see the power of Reinvent structurally helping that business underneath, but also
what you really see is the leverage of a different structural cost on incremental volume. And that's where
we're designing the engine, so those incremental margins. And as we've described, that 40% feels real,
and we saw it with the growth in the quarter. The 60% growth is for other issues that are going on in
the quarter, which is very, very strong with that high-volume coming through. So short answer to your
question, incremental margin on our food business, getting the structural cost, right? Yes, very confident
going forward that, that will happen. And Karl, if you want to...

Karl R. Deily
Senior VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. I'll just -- let me just take a quick walk around the world and touch on that. Obviously, with the
disarray currently in the North American protein market, the positives are that there's significant demand
and demand has held up, consumption continues to increase, and there's long-term positives for demand
in North America as well as demand in the export markets. So obviously, there are issues in the market
dynamics right now, but we assume a stable to slightly increasing animal availability in the North American
market.

Obviously, Latin America has a large herd, and they're typically very inefficient. They have great
opportunity to continue to grow as they continue to add feed lots and improve their market efficiency.
They're well poised to help feed the world and give to the -- and contribute to the export market growth.
They're installing equipment. And we believe that they'll -- we'll continue to penetrate that market, and
it'll be accretive long term.

Australia, as you're well aware, is rebuilding their herd. They're obviously dividing their herd between
domestic supply and going after value-added opportunities globally, and so that will be stable to down
slightly. And Asia continues to evolve and to evolve to a more modern. I think the positive, you'll see the
COVID-19 post-pandemic is a more modern market in Asia with more prepackaged product and more
retail and more e-commerce channels developing.

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Karl. It's great having Karl on the call for handling the herd.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Rosemarie Morbelli from Gabelli Research.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli
G. Research, LLC

Ted, I was wondering if you could talk on the strength or the trend of the recovery in China since they
reopened all facilities. And then if you could give us some details in terms of the adjacent markets you are
targeting.

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

I'm sorry, the wet -- the wet market?

Rosemarie Jeanne Morbelli
G. Research, LLC

The adjacent markets you are targeting?

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Okay. Good question. So if we look at China and what's going on in China is, going back to our call in
February 11, when we first talked about the coronavirus, we saw China hitting first. So we got to see
those dynamics very quickly, how China took care of the issue. We saw our operations. We have 8 facilities
there. We worked quickly and made those safe and still supported not only the local market, but the end
market.

We're also seeing with China that they're changing their market, and that is happening as we speak,
going to the wet -- the wet market is changing. If you just visualize meat hanging in markets, they're
unprotected, it's creating a need for what we do really well is protected packaging and fresh meat. We're
also seeing the frozen side coming into China as well. So net-net, on the markets, we think this disruption
is a onetime event. We think long term, China is going to be stronger for us. We're positioned. Again,
we're at the table, especially with the major meat producers that are looking to go after the China market.
We're with them bringing automation and other opportunities. So China isn't -- we think net-net, that's a
good positive going forward. Karl, you want to add?

Karl R. Deily
Senior VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Chinese government is definitely looking at wet markets, the transition will be slow. It won't be overnight,
but their target is by 2025 to have less than 30% of their protein production through small local farmers
and a more modernized meat industry. So the long-term net positive is good. More short term, all
indications are in the market. There has been increased volume of meat through alternate shipping
channels. Online sales and meat have been skyrocketing in China. We have benefited from that with our
case-ready options. We have a strong booking, forward booking of systems to further that. We've also
seen a significant trend towards away from wet markets by especially middle and upper-income Chinese to
more modern retail. And interestingly enough, the Australian Meat Board did a survey and post COVID-19,
they're looking for larger volumes to consumers. More packaged product and more chilled product, eaten
more often at home. So a lot of positive upward dynamics in that market.

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Great. Thanks, Karl.

Operator

Then our final question for today comes from the line of Brian Maguire from Goldman Sachs.

Brian P. Maguire
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Hope everyone is doing well. Just wanted to follow-up on a couple of questions that have already kind of
come up. One, I think we've talked about Tyson maybe more on this call than we have in a long time that
I can remember. And I think they've sort of talked about roughly 40% of their volume going to foodservice
applications. I know you gave some color on that breakout for you guys. But wonder if you can more
specifically kind of just talk about your own mix and exposure to foodservice. And then just thinking
about the guidance, you gave explicit guidance on Product Care, for Food care. Yes, I think that 6% of the
business is negatively impacted from machine installations, another 6% from liquid, that seems like it's
sort of foodservice related. So are we kind of thinking that 2Q volumes could be temporarily down mid-
single digits in Food Care as we deal with some of the manufacturing plants being down and some of the
lockdown impacts?

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Brian, you did a nice job there with us not trying to give you guidance. Your math is pretty good, and
we're -- and the reason we're not trying to be cheeky on the guidance, we just don't know. And it is -- it's
dramatic. Week to week, we saw it ramp up. The last 2 weeks of March were incredible. But then we've
seen this choppiness go the other way. Our portfolio is shifting dramatically, both on the Product Care side
and the Food Care side that we talked about.

So without giving a guidance, I think your math is kind of where we're seeing it. But that will change next
week. What the message we're giving to the market is that we will outperform the market. We are moving
our portfolio really fast. The high-volume rollstock, what we're doing, that -- the penetration of that just
in matter of weeks has been dramatic. So we're going to shift. We're not going to give up, that the market
is doing some interesting things. We're going to grow our portfolio and move. But the short answer, your
math is pretty good on what we're thinking, so -- on the Food Care side. But if you want to give more
detail on foodservice versus retail, I think we talked about it. But Karl, if you want to add any?

Karl R. Deily
Senior VP & Chief Commercial Officer

The thing I would add is I think there's some fundamental pivots in the marketplace as they react to this
dynamic thing. You've seen service cases in Europe basically shut down. I don't think retailers will bring
those back because it's a cost advantage. So that increase in penetration and packaging those products
will live on. I think you've seen a significant shift in service seafood cases. A question earlier on adjacent
markets. I think we'll see a net positive as you see a shift and pivot to prepackaged seafood. So as food
service comes back, I see it as a net multiplier. We'll get some of that business back that is very specific
to food service that will come back and some of the positive benefits that we've seen and the shift to retail
will live, have legs. So -- and then when equipment returns, I think that will be an additional multiplier to
go to more automation, more touchless, and we can get equipment back to where it needs to be. I think
that will be all net positives.

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Great. Thanks, Karl. And actually, I want to give a shout-out to all our sell-side analysts. We're very
fortunate, very thoughtful questions. We really appreciate. Just like good, tough customers make us
better, good analysts make us better. So really appreciate, very thoughtful. And I also want to share each
one of you asked that we're safe, and I just want to make sure that everyone is safe in this environment.
And feel really good about our company and what we're doing to make this world a better place, and we're
letting this crisis help show how we can make that happen.

So with that, I want to thank everyone, again, for the call, and we look forward to speaking with you in
the near future and stay safe. And Jonathan, that's it. Thank you for your help on the call.

Operator
Thank you, and thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does
conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

