Sealed Air Corporation NYSE:SEE
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, October 28, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

0.66

0.82

24.24

0.78

2.94

3.05

3.07

Revenue  (mm)

1186.36

1237.20

4.29

1263.74

4764.38

4850.00

4900.87

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-28-2020 12:53 PM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.75

0.58

0.55

0.66

0.78

0.73

0.76

0.82

4.00 %

25.86 %

38.18 %

24.24 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

James M. Sullivan
Senior VP & CFO

Karl R. Deily
Senior VP & Chief Commercial
Officer

Lori C. Chaitman
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Adam Jesse Josephson
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Anthony James Pettinari
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

George Leon Staphos
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Ghansham Panjabi
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Jeffrey John Zekauskas
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Joshua David Spector
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Philip H. Ng
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2020 Sealed Air
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being
recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to one of your speakers, Ms. Lori Chaitman. Ma'am, please
go ahead.

Lori C. Chaitman
Vice President of Investor Relations

I hope you and your family are healthy and staying safe. Before we begin our call today, I would like to
note that we have provided a slide presentation to help guide our discussion. Please visit our website
where today's webcast and presentation can be downloaded from our IR site at sealedair.com.

I would like to remind you that statements made during this call, stating management's outlook or
predictions for future periods or forward-looking statements. These statements are based solely on
information that is now available to us. We encourage you to review the information in the section entitled
forward-looking statements in our earnings release and slide presentation, which applies to this call.

Additionally, our future performance may differ due to a number of factors. Many of these factors are
listed in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and as revised and updated on our quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, which you can also find on our website at sealedair.com or
on the SEC's website at sec.gov.

We also discuss financial measures that do not conform to U.S. GAAP. You will find important information
on our use of these measures and their reconciliation to U.S. GAAP in our earnings release. Included in the
appendix of today's presentation, you will find U.S. GAAP financial results that corresponds to the non-U.S.
GAAP measures we reference throughout the presentation.

I will now turn the call over to Ted Doheny, our President and CEO. Ted?

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Lori. And thank all of you for joining our third quarter 2020 earnings call. I hope you and your
families are staying healthy and safe.

As the pandemic continues, our customers are counting on us to get things done. Our employees are
delivering, and I couldn't be prouder of their efforts. We're focused on 0 harm in everything we do,
supporting our customers, executing on our Reinvent SEE business transformation and becoming a
stronger and better company.

On today's call, I'll recap our third quarter results. I'll share how we're growing in an uncertain
environment and how our global markets continue to evolve.

I'll share how our growth strategy is centered around automation, sustainability and digital.

Jim will review our financial results in more detail. And then I will close with the reiteration of how our 4Ps
of Reinvent SEE are guiding us in this journey. We will end the call with Q&A.

Let's turn to Slide 3 for a recap of our third quarter results compared to last year. Adjusted EBITDA
increased 8% on sales growth of 2%. The adjusted earnings per share increased 28% to $0.82. And in
the 9 months ending September 30, we generated $292 million in free cash flow as compared to $110
million in the same period last year. We had a solid third quarter. For the first time in 6 quarters, protected
delivered year-over-year organic volume growth attributable to strength in e-commerce, fulfillment and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

automated equipment. Growth in protective was offset by a modest volume decline in food, which was
largely attributable to labor challenges at meat packaging plants in the lagging recovery in food service.

Based on our execution, results achieved to date and improved demands in protective, we're raising our
full year 2020 guidance across all key financial metrics.

Let's turn to Slide 4, which we call our movie-reel slide, illustrating our diverse end market exposure in
the breadth of our solutions that are supported by our powerful brands. You can see a play button on this
slide, which is to encourage you to visit our website where you'll find several videos demonstrating the
value created by our platforms.

In the first 9 months of the year, approximately 64% of our sales were derived from packaging, fresh
and frozen proteins as well as other foods and fluids and goods for the medical, life sciences and pet care
industries. There continues to be an imbalance across the food industry with higher demands in the retail
channel, including e-Food and e-Grocery, offset by restrictions and heightened safety concerns across the
food service sector.

Also, while many meat packaging plants around the world are up and running, they are not operating at
full production rates and are managing labor shortages. We saw an increase in equipment sales in the
quarter as a result of our focus on our automation strategy, which I'll highlight on the next slide.

These favorable trends were not enough to offset the labor challenges in the food service slowdown at
large venues, supporting events, hotels and restaurants.

As we plan for a new normal, we're confident that our focus on automation and sustainability will improve
the growth trajectory of our food business and drive sales for our high-performance materials. We
see an increasing opportunity to grow food equipment and services, which year-to-date accounted for
approximately 7% of the segment sales. We're already working with our customers to optimize their
plans with automated solutions that improve productivity while keeping people out of harm's way and
addressing sustainability requirements. Approximately 14% of our sales were derived from consumer,
retail and third party logistics, most of which are good shift through e-commerce channels.

Demand for our mailers, automated equipment and flavors, including our Bubble Wrap on demand, were
exceptionally strong in the first 9 months of the year.

The surge in e-commerce continues to create demand for our products and services. Our solutions are
designed to minimize waste, reduce carbon footprint, increase speed to pack, while at the same time,
drive to 0 harm and address labor scarcity.

We are taking our digital printing capabilities to the next level by enhancing our packaging materials,
which is important for the at-home buying experience. We continue to shift our portfolio to address the
ever-changing needs of the e-commerce channel, which will be a key element of our protective growth
strategy. The remaining 22% of our sales serve industrial, transportation and consumer electronics
segments.

While these segments improved more than expected in the third quarter, they're still below prior year
levels.

Now turning to Slide 5. You can see how we are accelerating our SEE automation solutions to meet the
demand for a touchless environment. This is driving growth for the next phase of our Reinvent SEE
business transformation. We have a plan in place to triple the size of our equipment sales, which is now
estimated to be $200 million in 2020 to over $500 million by 2025.

You can see on this chart how the pull-through or multiplier on services and materials over the life cycle of
equipment sale creates tremendous value. We modeled a conservative 3x solutions multiplier to illustrate
the $5 billion plus potential opportunity over the 10-year equipment life cycle. We see automation, we're
taking our integrated solutions approach by eliminating waste, increasing productivity and keeping people
out of harm's way.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Our targeted savings for our customers of greater than 30% will ensure an attractive payback for our
systems. The implementation of our SEE smart services will enable connectivity to our customer systems
and give us the opportunity to proactively and remotely optimize our installed base and machines.

Our high-performance materials integrated with automated equipment and services provide a compelling
value proposition to the packaging industry.

Let me now turn to Slide 6 and give you an update on our leadership actions. We are fully committed to
0 harm for our employees, and we're working diligently to ensure strong alignment with our customers,
suppliers, operations in the communities where we live and work. Our local, regional and corporate crisis
management teams remain proactive and our business continuity plans are still in effect. We've had
numerous challenges to overcome. But the disruption to our operation has been minimal and our global
scale has mitigated business continuity risk.

We recognize our new normal will be here for the foreseeable future and have been improving productivity
across our geographies, supply chain and product portfolio. We are investing in e-commerce and digital
platforms and capabilities to ensure connectivity.

We believe these investments will be a growth engine for us in the future.

I'll now pass the call to Jim to review our results in more detail. Jim?

James M. Sullivan
Senior VP & CFO

Thank you, Ted. Let's turn to Slide 7 for a review of our year-over-year net sales by region. In the third
quarter, net sales totaled $1.2 billion, up 2% as reported and up 3% in constant dollars.

In constant dollars, North America, our largest region, representing 60% of our sales, increased 3%. Asia
Pacific was up 1% and EMEA was flat. South America was up 13% due to U.S. dollar index pricing.

On Slide 8, here you see our organic sales volume and pricing trends by segment and region. In the third
quarter, volume overall increased 1% with 4% growth in protective and 2% decline in food.

By region, North America was up 2%, APAC was up 1% and EMEA and South America were down 2%
and 3%, respectively. Volume in protective was driven by strong growth in e-commerce and fulfillment of
about 15%, partially offset by a 2% decline in industrials, both of which exceeded our expectations.

North America and APAC delivered 6% and 8% volume growth, respectively. This was partially offset by
a 5% decline in EMEA, where we have more exposure to the industrial sector, particularly automotive. In
food, volume declined in all regions. North America declined 2%, EMEA 1%, and both South America and
APAC were down 4%. While equipment was strong, labor challenges in meat packaging plants and the
slow recovery in food service weighed on our volumes globally.

South America was also impacted by the soft economic environment in the region, reducing local
consumption of fresh red meat.

In APAC, herd rebuilding on Australia impacted volumes as well. On Slide 9, we present our year-over-
year consolidated sales and adjusted EBITDA bridges for the third quarter in first 9 months of the year.
Organic sales in the quarter were up 1% with higher volume contributing $8 million to the top line.
Acquisitions added $24 million or 2%, which was the month of July sales from automated packaging
systems.

This acquisition closed August 1, 2019, so those sales for the months of August and September 2020
are included in our organic results. Currency translation negatively impacted sales in the quarter by $12
million or about 1%, mostly due to year-over-year declines in the Argentinian peso, Brazilian real and
Mexican peso, partially offset by a stronger euro.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Adjusted EBITDA of $259 million increased $18 million or 8% compared to last year with margin up 120
basis points to 21%. Reinvent SEE benefits totaled $32 million in the quarter, $29 million in operating cost
savings and $3 million in price/cost spread improvements.

Operating costs in the quarter included labor and other non-raw material cost inflation of about $13
million and higher incentive-based compensation of $6 million. We also incurred $4 million of incremental
spending related to COVID-19, which was offset by lower travel expense. Adjusted EBITDA continued
to benefit from favorable price/cost spread movements this quarter by $9 million. However, with resin's
prices increases, we expect this trend to change in the fourth quarter.

The automated acquisition contributed $4 million of adjusted EBITDA in the month of July. The integration
of automated heads gone very well and sales and cost synergies realized since completion of the
acquisition are ahead of plan. The adjusted EBITDA impact from higher volume on a consolidated basis,
this quarter was negative $7 million due to the sales mix between reporting segments. Adjusted EPS
in the third quarter was $0.82 compared to $0.64 in the third quarter of 2019 due to higher adjusted
EBITDA, lower net interest expense and lower taxes. The adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 20.6%,
down from 28.5% in the third quarter of 2019. This year's lower tax rate was favorably impacted by the
recently issued U.S. GILTI regulations.

Turning to Slide 10. Here, we provide an update on Reinvent SEE, which continues to progress in earnest
and is driving structural operating leverage in the business.

Our Reinvent commercial work stream is progressing with targeted growth, shaped in automation and
sustainability, which is helping alleviate pandemic driven weakness in some end markets. The commercial
strategies, capabilities and governance processes implemented with this new Reinvent work stream are
robust and provides a solid platform for driving revenue growth in the markets we serve.

In 2020, we are now expecting to realize approximately $120 million of year-over-year Reinvent SEE
productivity benefits to adjusted EBITDA, this is up $10 million from our previous guidance.

In 2021, we continue to estimate over $50 million of additional year-over-year productivity benefits as
Reinvent SEE transitions from restructuring to our ongoing continuous improvement operating system.
Cash restructuring payments associated with Reinvent SEE were $59 million in the first 9 months of the
year and are now expected to be about $85 million for the year with an estimated $40 million carryover
into 2021. The total cash cost of Reinvent SEE is still expected to be approximately $215 million and this
amount has not changed since the transformation was publicly announced in December 2018.

Turning to segment results on Slide 11, starting with food. In the third quarter, food net sales of $705
million declined 3% as reported and 1% in constant dollars.

Equipment, parts and service sales, which currently represent about 7% of the segment, were up
over 15% year-over-year due to strength in North America and EMEA. In North America, most of the
equipment sales were replacements and upgrades to help improve our customers' plant productivity. In
EMEA, we delivered a new port automation solution, which will drive incremental material sales in the
future. Cryovac materials, which comprise the remainder of the Food segment sales were down about
3% as a result of labor challenges in the meat processing plants around the world and the slow recovery
in food service. Shrink bags and vertical pouches which are disproportionately sold into the food service
channel, together, were down about 5% and accounted for nearly 50% of food sales.

Adjusted EBITDA in food declined $7 million or 5% to $152 million with margin down 30 basis points at
21.6%. More sales volume, unfavorable product mix and currency were partially offset by Reinvent SEE
benefits and favorable price cost spread. In the fourth quarter, for food, we expect constant dollar sales to
be down about 1% on a year-over-year basis and the adjusted EBITDA margin to be roughly in line with
the third quarter.

We anticipate improvements in product mix and operating cost which will largely mitigate the projected
decline in price/cost spread.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

On Slide 12, we highlight results from our protective segment. In the third quarter, protective net sales
of $533 million were up $44 million or 9% as reported. Organic sales were up 3%, with volumes up
$21 million or 4%. Automated packaging systems that had strong organic growth of 7% in the quarter
demonstrating the value proposition of its work cell automation, sustainability portfolio and our sales
synergy efforts.

With the spike in e-commerce shipments, we are experiencing strong demand for our automated
equipment, the street and automated mailers and inflatables. From an end market, our customer
segment, perspective, e-commerce and fulfillment account for approximately 45% of our protected sales.
The remaining 55% of sales are industrials, where trends are improving but still below prior year levels.

Adjusted EBITDA of $109 million increased $25 million or 29%, and margin expanded 320 basis points
year-over-year to 20.4%. Growth in adjusted EBITDA was attributable to higher volumes, Reinvent SEE
benefits, lower operating cost and contribution from the automated acquisition. Lower operating costs in
the quarter were partly driven by a $7 million of inventory step-up charge recorded in the third quarter
last year as part of the automated acquisition and as well as the realization of cost synergies associated
with the acquisition.

In the fourth quarter, we expect protective volumes to be up year-over-year at a lesser rate compared to
what we experienced in the third quarter. This outlook is based on continued strength in e-commerce and
automation, in North American and APAC, partially offset by weak economic conditions in EMEA.

Now let's turn to free cash flow on Slide 13. Year-to-date, we generated $292 million of free cash flow
compared to $110 million in the same period in 2019. The $182 million year-over-year improvement was
largely driven by higher adjusted EBITDA, the impact of the Novipax legal settlement in the same period a
year ago, lower CapEx due to pandemic related project delays and lower Reinvent restructuring payments.

Trade working capital was a use of cash in the first 9 months of 2020, which is a typical seasonal pattern
for the company. Our underlying working capital metrics remain well controlled, and we do expect working
capital to be a source of cash in the fourth quarter.

Overall, for the full year 2020, we are raising our free cash flow guidance to approximately $450 million
from our previous range of $350 million to $375 million due to higher expected adjusted EBITDA and
lower cash outflows with taxes, Reinvent SEE restructuring and CapEx.

Lower tax payments are largely from an approximate $30 million refund expected in the fourth quarter
associated with the retroactive application of the revised U.S. GILTI regulations back to 2018.

Slide 14 highlights our leverage, liquidity and debt maturity profile. We ended the quarter with net
leverage at 3.3x, which is down from 3.4x in Q2 and 3.8x at this time last year. The deleveraging
accomplished in the third quarter included $20 million of share repurchases.

Our priority is to continue to delever, and we do expect our net leverage to come down further by the end
of the year. As a reminder, leverage covenant in our credit facility has a maximum ratio of 4.5x and the
covenant calculation at the end of the third quarter was 2.8, which is lower than our reported net leverage
ratio due to certain allowed favorable EBITDA adjustments in the credit agreement. So with significant
cushion against our financial covenant, over $1.4 billion of liquidity and no debt maturities until August
2022, we have good financial flexibility.

On Slide 15, we outlined our capital allocation strategy. We continue to take a disciplined approach to
strengthen our balance sheet while driving attractive returns on invested capital. We are investing in
growth markets and disruptive products and technologies. Approximately 40% of our organic CapEx
is currently focused on growth, including breakthrough production processes, product innovation and
automation. Maintenance and cost productivity projects comprise the remaining 45% and 15% of our
organic CapEx, respectively.

Regarding shareholder returns, for the time being, we are maintaining our dividend at current levels. And
in the context of our overall deleveraging objective over the next several quarters, we expect to continue
opportunistic share repurchase activity.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Turning to our 2020 outlook on Slide 16. We are raising our consolidated net sales outlook to be up about
1% as reported or approximately $4.85 billion. This compares to our previous estimate of net sales in the
range of $4.725 billion to $4.775 billion.

On a constant dollar basis, net sales are now expected to increase approximately 3%, which compares
to our previous guidance, constant dollar growth in the range of 1% to 2%. The higher sales growth is
driven by protective, which is now expected to increase approximately 7% in constant dollars as compared
to our previous estimate of up approximately 3%. We continue to expect food to deliver approximately
1% constant dollar growth. We now expect a negative impact from currency translation on sales of
approximately $90 million for the full year.

For adjusted EBITDA we are revising our outlook to approximately $1.04 billion, which is $20 million above
the midpoint of our previous range. This implies an adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 21.4% for
the year, which would be an improvement of 130 basis points from 2019. Unfavorable currency translation
is now expected to be approximately $20 million on adjusted EBITDA, which compares to our previous
currency forecast of a negative $25 million.

We are increasing our guidance for adjusted EPS to approximately $3.05 from $2.85 to $2.95. Our outlook
for adjusted EPS is based on approximately 156 million diluted shares outstanding. The adjusted tax rate
in 2020 is now expected to be approximately 26%, reflecting the benefits from the recently revised U.S.
GILTI regulations. As previously mentioned, we are raising our free cash flow guidance to approximately
$450 million. Our adjusted EBITDA to free cash flow conversion was now expected to be over 40% in
2020. Let me pass the call back to Ted for closing remarks. Ted?

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Jim. Before we open up the call for questions. Turning to Slide 17. I wanted to reiterate our 4Ps
of Reinvent SEE. We always start with our purpose statement. We are in the business to protect, to solve
critical packaging challenges and to leave our world better than we found it. Our performance continues
to improve as we are progressing towards world-class. We're keeping people out of harm's way while
strengthening our business through the crisis. By operating as 1C culture, we are enabling fast decision-
making. Our strategy to deliver the best systems at the right price and make them sustainable is working.

Our broad and innovative product portfolio, global scale and agility has enabled us to address the evolving
customer needs across our end markets and geographies. Our 1C operational excellence processes are
driving flawless quality, world-class productivity and yield improvements as well as customer service
enhancements that are creating customer references. You can see the structural changes of Reinvent SEE
reflected in our operating leverage so far in 2020 with more to come.

Sustainability is in everything we do. Fueling our growth. And in this pandemic, still top of mind. We
are enhancing our portfolio and innovating to meet our 2025 sustainability pledge and drive a circular
economy for plastics.

I'm excited to share that since announcing our investment in Plastic Energy Global, we collaborate with
Plastic Energy, SABIC, Bradburys Cheese and Tesco to lead by example, where we've been able to create a
micro circular loop for food-grade packaging. We are embedding our environmental, social and governance
in diversity and inclusion priorities into our core business strategy and values.

We will continue to proactively manage ESG and diversity and inclusion risk and leverage opportunities
to drive success. This is reflected in our culture and our purpose. We delivered 3 solid quarters in a very
challenging and unpredictable environment. Our Reinvent SEE business transformation is our operating
engine, driving profitable growth above inflation. We are reinventing everything we do from how we
innovate to how we solve our customers' toughest challenges with the power of one, Sealed Air.

I'm proud of how our people continue to execute through this pandemic, and I want to thank all of our
employees and our plants and our innovation centers, out in the field and working remotely for their
dedication and commitment to business continuity.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Finally, I would like to highlight we have Karl Deily on the call with us. Earlier today, we announced that
Karl is planning to retire in April 2021. Karl has had an incredible 40-year career at Sealed Air and has
held many leadership roles along the way. Most recently, he took on the role as Chief Commercial Officer
and has been instrumental to the success of our Reinvent SEE business transformation and closer to
home, reinventing our iconic Cryovac brand. For me personally, Karl has been a tremendous partner, and
I'm grateful for his tireless efforts to transform our business from the best in packaging to world class.
We've been so fortunate to have Karl as a part of the Sealed Air family. He has made Sealed Air a special
compound.

We all wish Karl the very best in his retirement and look forward to a smooth transition with him in an
advisory role.
With that, I now open up the call for questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Our first question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America.

George Leon Staphos
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Karl, congratulations. We knew this was coming at some point. Thank you for all your help with our
research over the years. I remember the first time you spoke at our conference with [indiscernible] back a
while ago, best of luck to you.

I guess my question really is on food. We knew that there was a supply glut of animal, at least we thought
there were that were ultimately going to come to slaughter. And we're just questioning why -- we heard
some of the reasons, but why we're not seeing more of a translation of that into volume in food for the
third quarter and the fourth quarter. And the related question, as we get into '21, Ted, do you expect that
sustainability and Reinvent will be accretive to volume in food and for that matter, protective and '21 had
at one point in time, recognizing you got a lot of challenges right now with COVID.

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, George. And I apologize to everyone who's calling here, there's a rainstorm going on in Charlotte
right now. So we'll hopefully talk through that. But George, for the first part, I'm going to turn that over to
Karl to give you a detailed answer of what's going on with food.

Karl R. Deily
Senior VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. Thank you, George, for the kind words. And also, I think you have to look a little bit deeper on what's
going on in the market. And slaughter has been tracking slightly below prior year in the third quarter
and almost 4% in beef below prior year for the year-to-date. And as they've tried to work through the
backlog and get their processes up and running, they've -- without some of the skilled labor and still
high issues with absenteeism, they've gone to a simpler product mix. And we've seen a very, very slow
recovery in the food service part of it. Both of those have translated to lower volume levels and a little bit
of a negative mix. We're still performing above what the market is. But it is dilutive. And something we're
definitely keeping our pulse on daily.

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Okay. Great, Karl. And George, I'll take the second part of the question where you're asking about
Reinvent taking us into 2021 in sustainability to drive growth. And with Reinvent going into 2021, as you
saw on the chart, that we looked at. We have savings coming into. We think we have a built up pipeline.
We feel pretty good about that. Just so you know the detail that we manage this, we have over 2,500
projects that we're tracking right now, anywhere from $5,000 to multimillion. So we do feel like we've got
a good pipeline and so we think Reinvent will continue to be strong, and we'll look for opportunities. Some
of those opportunities tie in to the second point on sustainability as well, sustainability in both the food
and the protective business.

On the food side of the business, we're developing some pretty innovative solutions that tie into
automation. And what we're doing in our factory automation that we think we could bring to new meat
processing plants as we make them much more efficient, improving their labor shortages, et cetera. On
the sustainability side, and as we mentioned, we invested in Plastic Energy, as we now are going circular,
there are certain parts of our materials in the bags, such as PBDC or chlorine, we developed already

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

rapidly in less than 12 months. Chlorine free bags coming in the sustainability side that we see as a
growth opportunity there as well.

On the protective side, we're definitely seeing sustainability with our e-commerce boom, and how do we
make our products recyclable, sustainable. The recycled Bubble Wraps already coming out into our product
lines. Our mailers, not just the plastic mailers with the bubble but also paper. And our paper business is
growing quite nicely, and we expect more coming into 2021.

The challenges will continue. We're thinking this COVID pandemic environment is continuing. So we
feel pretty good both Reinvent SEE and our new product development will help us. The other piece, I'll
probably talk about again with the question, is what we think automation can do to fuel our growth going
into 2021.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.

Anthony James Pettinari
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Best wishes to Karl on his retirement, and thanks for all the help over the years.

Just a quick question on product care. It sounds like industrial and e-commerce outperformed
expectations in 3Q. Just curious if that continued in October? And when you look at the contribution
margin for that business in 3Q, do you expect that to improve? Or are there any kind of drivers of
improvement that we should think about there?

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Good question. Obviously, in October, which was nice how you snuck that in, that's in the fourth quarter.
So we'll -- we see the trends basically continuing. I'll share that. On the e-commerce side, what we
see the shift in the portfolio. If you look at Slide 4 that we talked about, moving really to be a market-
driven company with these great product lines. The largest product line and the most profitable in our
protective is our Instapak, which is definitely hit with what's going on in the industrial. So actually, using
our leverage language, that's been a major deleverage on the portfolio. So actually, the performance on all
those different product lines and being listed by e-commerce has really helped that business not only grow
but have significant margin expansion.

Seeing some of that get not as bad on industrial in the third quarter. We anticipate that going through
in the fourth quarter, but we still think it's going to be a drag year-over-year. So shifting the portfolio
very, very fast to mailers or bubble wrap on demand, and not only can we get the volume, but can we get
continued margin expansion and where we're really seeing the engine work. If we get that volume, we're
seeing that leverage come in very, very nicely.

So we think we definitely have some challenges continuing in the fourth quarter, but we plan to fight
through that, not only through the fourth quarter. Where we're spending most of our attention right now is
taking that momentum into 2021.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS.

Joshua David Spector
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I guess in terms of your 2025 equipment target and more than doubling your sales versus 2020. What
are the biggest factors that get you there? And is this more of a replacement cycle that peaks and then
declines? Or do you see e-commerce growth and automation driving sustainably higher level of equipment
sales?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Good. And Josh, welcome to our coverage. Glad to have UBS back and you personally. So great question.
With the automation, we actually see that growth in both those areas you identified. Part is replacement.
We have an extremely large fleet of equipment. If you look at Slide 5, we say, out there, there's thousands
of machines. So as we're driving automation, it's taking care of that installed base, the parts, the service,
the upgrades. And as we go digital, we think that is a significant opportunity to stay connected to that
installed fleet of equipment. We think we have some improvement opportunities there. On the new
equipment, and that's what we focused. And if you noticed, we actually have taken this number up already
from 2020 when we first announced this at the investor conference last quarter, we were at 175. So we
already have visibility that this is moving quickly in this environment, developing new products and new
systems as we help to automate our customers' facilities, such as meat packing plants. We're working with
many of the majors right now on how we can pack that meat faster, safer and do it with -- in a remote
environment, keeping people out of harm's way.

On the e-commerce side, that's where we're seeing a lot of benefits, especially changing the model
from how we did in the past. Both our food and protective models where reused equipment to actually
subsidize to get more materials. And what we're finding is that actually focusing on what the equipment
can do to help on labor, to help on productivity, to help on safety, that we could actually have multiple
opportunities, not only for the equipment that are in our portfolio, but working with other potential
suppliers of equipment and branding it. So we see lots of opportunity to keep that growth, as you can
imagine, going from 200 to 500, that's a pretty aggressive growth target. And as always, our internal
targets are much more aggressive than what we're sharing externally.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Baird.

Ghansham Panjabi
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Karl, congrats again. You're leaving as a legend in the industry. So very respectful, your career over time.
So congrats.

Karl R. Deily
Senior VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Thank you.

Ghansham Panjabi
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

I guess, first off, Ted, obviously, we're seeing real-time headlines of lockdowns in Europe and some
parts of the U.S. as well. To some extent, a pantry loading, again, in the U.S. starting in October. How
do you think this most -- this upcoming sort of paradigm impacts your portfolio versus maybe what you
experienced in the first part of this year? And then related -- a separate question maybe for Jim, in terms
of the price cost evolution over the next few quarters, how should we think about that $35 million price/
cost spread you've benefited from so far this year changing as we cycle into 2021?

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Okay. Good. Thanks, Ghansham. Is -- you want to go first on yours? And then I'll...

James M. Sullivan
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. Ghansham, this is Jim. So we did talk in our comments that we do expect price/cost spread to turn
a little bit in the other direction starting in the fourth quarter. We have had some benefits there year-

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

to-date. Keep in mind, a fair amount of that is from Reinvent, which we think is sustainable and not
just going to be given back, if you will, when the market turns. We continue to do a really good job by
materials and doing what we can to position our materials globally in a way that we could avoid a lot of
the inflation.

So you see the headlines in North America around the low-density polyethylene and the big increases
that we see there. But you got to remember, we buy globally. We buy a lot of different resins and we buy
chemicals. And if you look at the mix of all that, it's not as severe as one might think when they look at
the headline market changes and certain other resins.

So I think that's the good news. I think, again, I think we'll do better than the market in terms of our
buying and we'll also start to see the formulas kick in. There's a bit of a delay in the formulas, but we'll
get those kicking in next year.

So we are contemplating in our guidance. That, that will turn a bit in the fourth quarter. But I think with
some pricing actions, some of which we can do just on the basis of value contribution and some that's
based on formula and probably some mitigation of materials overall as we transition into '21, I think we
feel like over the course of the year, it's very manageable. We may not have the tailwind that we had in
'19 and the first 3 quarters. But I think we've got a lot of actions in place including keeping that Reinvent
engine driving above inflation, which will help.

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

And to the first part of your question, Ghansham, obviously watching the news and because we're directly
connected also with our customers around the world, the announcement that just came out about France
going into a shutdown. We've been connected just like when this all started, if it seems like a long time
ago, but it was just January when our team was talking about what was going on with China with our
facilities of how we put them into lockdown immediately. So we've heard what's going on around the
world. We are in a crisis situation, crisis management, not only with our customers, with our people and
our facilities.

So how do we see that affecting our portfolio? Where -- we think it will be a little bit different when this
first hit. Because what happened, if we look at the first quarter going in the second quarter, we built up
inventory with our customers and we did it simultaneously. So a little bit of what's even going on with the
food business right now is burning some of that inventory off that we had, what they had and working
very, very closely together to make sure that we keep our production levels going with our customers.

The shift in the portfolio is we got to look at that with what's going on with restaurants, will they reopen?
Will they not reopen? What's going on with our portfolio with whether it's the bags or whether it's our
Darfresh. So we're looking at those very carefully with our customers but we also think, again, on
automation, we can be in there helping them deliver safely and supply of the world.

So don't have a perfect answer other than we're getting pretty used to how do we handle the crisis and
stay connected. So we actually do think our very, very diverse portfolio will help us fight through this
situation and -- as early as the first quarter where our first challenge is that we're trying to solve right
now.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Adam Josephson with KeyBanc.

Adam Jesse Josephson
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

Hope you and your families are well. Jim, just a clarification on guidance. You gave -- you mentioned you
expected protective volumes to be up in the fourth quarter, albeit to the same degree that they were up
in 3Q. I don't think you commented on food volumes. I think you said food organic sales would be up. But
I don't think you commented on volumes. So bearing in mind, they were down 2% in each of the past 2

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

quarters. Can you talk about what your volume expectations are for the quarter for the total company? Do
you expect volume to be up or down? And then any preliminary thoughts on next year in that regard?

James M. Sullivan
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. Let me stick to this year first and maybe clarify a little bit of the guidance around the segment.
So with food, as you mentioned, our volume was just shy of 2% down year-over-year. I do think as we
transition into the fourth quarter, we expect that to still be down year-over-year, very modestly. But
overall, if you look at the full year, we do expect constant dollar food to be up 1%. So a little bit of a drag
in the back half of the year there. But consistent with the third quarter, probably a little bit better maybe.

On protective, the protective growth assumption and the guidance is positive. We were up 4% in the third
quarter. The guidance would imply a little bit less than that on a volume basis. And I think we're a little bit
cautious of there, even though the trends around e-commerce remain very robust. I think we're a little bit
cautious about the economy in Europe, in particular. And maybe seeing a little bit of back off there in that
region in particular. But overall, we do expect favorable year-over-year volume growth in that segment as
well.

As we transition into next year, it's an open question. Obviously, we've got a lot to learn here over the
next 3 months in terms of how the COVID environment will hopefully stabilize, and we can get back
to more normalized levels with food production growing and us beating the market. And as Ted talked
about earlier, the real headwind for us in protective is still the industrials business, and it's improving. But
hopefully, we can get to the point where we can start to grow that part of the portfolio. And when we do,
you're going to see the margins there really improve as well.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of Phil Ng with Jefferies.

Philip H. Ng
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Curious on how you're thinking about the pace of recovery in your industrial business. Are you kind of
envisioning this as a multiyear recovery? And I guess, on a separate note, just given the strength you're
seeing in e-com and automation, I was just wondering do you have any capacity to service that demand
and your ability to kind of scale up that business on the protective side of things.

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Just what -- did you said the pace? Was that -- it didn't come through clear, on the industrial pace of
recovery. Was that the question?

Philip H. Ng
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Yes. So the first part was the pace to recover on the industrial side. I mean, the last downturn took a few
years to kind of get back to previous levels. So I'm just trying to get a better handle on how you kind
of envision your industrial business recovering the pace of that recovery. And the second part is just the
strength you're seeing in e-comm ability kind of scale up.

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Good questions. On the pace on the industrial, that's -- that downturn has been pretty dramatic. The --
one of the largest segments of industrial that we look at is automotive. We thought we saw automotive
coming back, but now we have a start and stop, and we keep talking about Europe again, where we have
a really strong base with industrial with, again, our Instapak. So seeing what's now happening and that
potential slowdown again. We definitely think the industrial will come back. We got to move our portfolio.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

If it doesn't come back. We got to move the products to what is growing, again, really where we want to
push this product line to be market-driven.

So the second, can we keep up with the pace of the e-commerce? That's a great question. Because if you
just go back a couple of years and where we were going with mailers, that is full force with our team and
our supply chain and leveraging our plants around the world, actually expanding our capacity and moving
resources. So it's a good problem to have in the portfolio, but we're definitely -- those products that are
getting hit by e-commerce, we're moving our production to keep up with the pace.

If you look again at Slide 4, just give you an example, is we're really moving the whole company to be an
e-commerce company. And we're internally working on a plan to do that. Once you go online, you're no
longer, "What region are you in?" If you look at that example, where you can see where we actually have
our core view product, now doing spirits, which is actually way up. Well, that was actually launched by one
of our large freight forwarder companies, and they put it on the Internet with us side-by-side, well. The
hits on that product line were showing up in Australia and now in the U.S.

So we're moving the whole company to be fully e-commerce. So we got to be prepared to move when
those markets -- that pull-through comes.

So great question, e-commerce is here. It's to stay. And we're moving our whole portfolio, our whole
business to be able to support that. So it's going to be some challenges, but those are the good challenges
we're looking for, and we think we can handle that challenge, to have the capacity ready to serve those
markets.

Okay. I think we have a chance for 1 more question, operator.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.

Jeffrey John Zekauskas
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

In your product care business, I think last quarter, you thought that the trends would improve, but that
the volume would still shrink in the third quarter, but organically, it grew 4%. Is it possible to pinpoint why
the growth was stronger than you expected?

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

I would definitely -- I'm trying to think that all the products lines were up on the e-commerce. The biggest
ones that were up were our Bubble Wrap on-demand more than we thought, the core product line way up,
higher than expected.

And I would say on the industrial side, we saw that not as bad as we're thinking, but I'm trying to think of
-- I don't want to admit that we didn't predict this, but we obviously didn't. And the other...

James M. Sullivan
Senior VP & CFO

When we came out of the second quarter, this is Jim, we thought that we were looking at mid- single-
digit declines in the back half of the year with industrials and high single-digit decline. And the rest of the
portfolio, low single digit. And as we mentioned, we were surprised to the upside on both of those. And
I think, really, industrial is coming off a real, almost, stop across the world in the second quarter, really
ramped up very nicely. And obviously, we're well positioned with the products that we have. If the markets
are moving, we're going to be there, and they move pretty fast sequentially Q2 to Q3 and then the same
thing on e-commerce.

We just continue to see a lot of the in-home buying and our position is global. So as Ted talked about,
the supply side of this is pretty challenged. When you're seeing that kind of demand run your way. So
fortunately, with the global footprint, we were able to serve the needs of the market. But it didn't happen
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

on its own. It was a tremendous effort on the part of our supply chain team to make that happen. So I
think we see it continuing, as I said, into the fourth quarter, especially in e-commerce. But I think, again,
the pause we're taking is on industrials in Europe and maybe even a little bit on e-commerce in Europe.

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

Yes. And just one, I had to look at the picture, to, I guess, the most obvious thing that's exceeding our
expectations what's happening with our automated equipment. That -- the automation side, and we
launched it, we went public on what our strategy is up to double digit, APS. And every call, I keep giving
a shout out to our APS team that was up significantly in the quarter, and it makes sense as more stuff
is coming through e-commerce and how do we get those fulfillment centers, how do they pack quicker,
faster and safer. And now having a product line that can meet that demand, that one is probably the #1
significant upside for the quarter, and we got to do more of it going forward.

Karl R. Deily
Senior VP & Chief Commercial Officer

They were very capable to pivot from industrial to e-commerce to fuel that added growth.

Edward L. Doheny
CEO, President & Director

And the food. We even had -- good point, Karl's excellent comment. Putting food into our automated
packaging system. So -- and because -- we'll close on that as the message. There's more good things to
come.

I want to thank everybody for the call. That wraps it up for today. I hope everybody stays safe and look
forward to connecting everyone -- with everyone next quarter.

Thank you, operator. That's it for us today.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program,
and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

SEALED AIR CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

