Sempra Energy NYSE:SRE
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 05, 2020 5:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

1.52

1.31

(13.82 %)

1.39

7.63

7.80

8.05

Revenue  (mm)

2621.08

2644.00

0.87

3185.53

11219.20

-

11642.93

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-21-2020 1:55 AM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.49

2.22

1.55

1.52

1.55

3.08

1.65

1.31

4.03 %

38.74 %

6.45 %

(13.82 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
SEMPRA ENERGY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

E. Allen Nye
CEO & Director

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

Justin Christopher Bird
Chief Executive Officer

Kevin Cristopher Sagara
Executive VP & Group President of
California Utilities

Manuela Molina Peralta
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Trevor Ian Mihalik
CFO & Executive VP

ANALYSTS

Anthony Christopher Crowdell
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Paul Patterson
Glenrock Associates LLC

Ryan Michael Levine
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

SEMPRA ENERGY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Sempra Energy Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference
is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Nelly Molina. Please go ahead,
ma'am.

Manuela Molina Peralta
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and welcome to Sempra Energy's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. A live webcast of this
teleconference and slide presentation is available on our website under the Investors section.

Several members of our management team are on the line with us today, including Jeff Martin, Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer; Trevor Mihalik, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Justin
Bird, Chief Executive Officer of Sempra LNG; Allen Nye, Chief Executive Officer of Oncor; Kevin Sagara,
Group President; and Peter Wall, Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer.

Before starting, I'd like to remind everyone that we'll be discussing forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from
those projected in any forward-looking statements we make today. The factors that could cause our actual
results to differ materially are disclosed in the company's most recent 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC.

All of the earnings per share amounts in our presentation are shown on a diluted basis, and we'll be
discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the presentation slides that accompany
this call for a reconciliation to GAAP measures. I'd also like to mention that forward-looking statements
contained in this presentation speak only as of today, November 5, 2020, and the company does not
assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements in the future.

With that, please turn to Slide 4, and let me hand the call over to Jeff.

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Nelly, and thank you all for joining us today. Before I start, I'd like to take a moment to recognize
the exceptional work of our 18,000 employees who have been working hard to improve the safety
and resilience of the communities we serve. We power thousands of hospitals and emergency service
providers, the nation's 2 largest ports, hundreds of clean transit and heavy-duty trucking fleets and
essential electric generation. Millions of people count on our critical energy infrastructure, and the work we
do is a great credit to the dedication and professionalism of all our employees.

Last quarter, we successfully concluded a 2-year capital rotation program, where we divested noncore
assets and repositioned our business in what we believe are the best markets in North America. And we
continue to see steady improvements in our financial results. Today, we're proud to be reporting strong
earnings and reaffirming and guiding to the high end of our full year 2020 adjusted EPS guidance range.
Additionally, we're reaffirming our full year 2021 EPS guidance range.

Now please turn to the next slide. In addition to improving financial performance, our current strategy of
focusing on lower-risk T&D investments as the added benefit of producing stable cash flows and improved
earnings visibility. In large measure, this is the result of strong growth that we're seeing in our California
and Texas utilities, where constructive regulation limits exposure to the price and volume of electricity
and/or natural gas sold. Also, when taken together, our U.S. utilities have a blended authorized ROE of
right around 10.1%, which is excellent given the current environment.

Adding to the growth profile of our utilities, our North American infrastructure businesses also provide
attractive economic returns and are supported by take-or-pay contracts with over 20-year terms on
average. As we've demonstrated in Peru and Chile as well as our renewables business, we built strong

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

SEMPRA ENERGY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

franchises that competed locally and globally. When we sold those businesses, investors not only bought
the assets, but also the franchise value we had built up over decades, which was reflected in the premium
multiple that we received.

Similarly, we think we've built a strong franchise in our LNG business, and to fund its growth needs, we're
focused on sourcing the lowest cost of capital to enhance value to our shareholders. At Cameron LNG, we
believe cash flows from Phase 1 should cover any required equity for the Phase 2 expansion. Separately
at Port Arthur LNG, we're evaluating efficient financing options with a view towards shifting post-FID
equity contributions until much later in the construction phase. And at ECA LNG Phase 1, we estimate that
Sempra and IEnova's equity funding to be approximately $250 million for each company. That's why with
all this growth in front of us, we're actively looking at different financing structures and different forms
of infrastructure and strategic capital. In doing so, we think it gives us the opportunity to efficiently fund
growth to highlight the growing value of our LNG franchise and to strengthen Sempra's balance sheet,
which is important since we expect to also increase our investments in our utility businesses over the next
5 years.

Beyond highlighting our continued execution and the strong organic growth from our infrastructure
platforms, I would also like to update you on the recent recognitions we've received in the area of
diversity and inclusion, which I would note is central to how we think about a high-performing culture.

Please turn now to the next slide. In the last month, we received 2 awards recognizing Sempra for its
industry-leading approach to diversity and inclusion. The first was the National Association of Corporate
Directors' NXT Award, which recognizes company Boards for their excellence in utilizing diversity and
inclusion as a strategy for building long-term value for their companies. And the second was the Forbes
JUST 100 list, which recognizes companies who are doing right by all of their stakeholders.

We're proud of the results of our continued focus around people, priorities and culture. Across our
management and more broadly, our workforce, we compare favorably to industry benchmarks and the
representation of both women and people of color. We also have a strong record and commitment to
supplier diversity. And I think the key takeaway is we're focused on advancing our strategy in a way that is
increasingly responsive to all stakeholders over time.

Now please turn to the next slide where I'll highlight some of our more notable accomplishments for
the year. This slide shows why I couldn't be more proud of our team. I won't discuss everything that's
referenced here, but several points are particularly noteworthy.

This year, we launched a record 5-year capital plan, completed the sale of both our Peruvian and Chilean
businesses with cash proceeds of approximately $5.8 billion before tax, guided to the high end of our 2020
adjusted EPS guidance range in May, and then raise guidance in June, and now we're guiding to the high
end of that increased range. And lastly, we executed a $500 million share buyback.

Before turning to the next slide, I wanted to briefly discuss the San Diego franchise agreement. The city
charter here in San Diego requires a competitive process to renew the franchise with a view towards
getting the best outcome for the residents of the city. And those same residents happen to be our
customers as well. So we have a strong alignment of interest here with the city to ensure a great
outcome.

SDG&E recently submitted a competitive bid and looks forward to concluding the process later this year.
But because we are in a quiet period, we need to be respectful of the city's process, and accordingly, we'll
not be able to comment further.

Please turn now to the next slide, and I'll turn the call over to Trevor to review some of the more notable
operational and financial developments.

Trevor Ian Mihalik
CFO & Executive VP

Thanks, Jeff. We had several positive developments this past quarter at all of our infrastructure
businesses. SDG&E launched a comprehensive sustainability strategy to advance carbon neutrality.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

SEMPRA ENERGY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

This strategy focuses on aspirational goals in environmental stewardship, clean transportation, grid
modernization and community engagement, all designed to directly support California's clean energy
goals.

As part of its sustainability commitment, SDG&E announced its plans to place 2 green hydrogen projects
into service by 2022. While these projects are small in relation to our capital plan, we view them as
important steps towards a cleaner energy economy and are an acknowledgment that we have an
important role to play.

At SoCalGas, we announced that the U.S. Department of Energy awarded funding for 3 projects advancing
clean automotive transportation technologies that we're participating in, including fuel cell technology
for trucking and transit and near 0 emissions natural gas technology for rail locomotives. This is another
demonstration of our commitment to be an integral part of California's clean energy future.

In addition, the California utilities received a final decision from the CPUC for approval to recover
approximately $935 million related to the Pipeline Safety Enhancement Plan. This represents approval for
virtually all of the amounts requested in the proceeding.

Moving to Texas. Today, Oncor announced its 2021 to 2025 capital plan of $12.2 billion. This is an increase
over the previous 5-year capital plan and is a testament to continued execution by the Oncor team,
growth in its service territory and resiliency of its business. Additionally, Oncor issued its inaugural
sustainable bonds with proceeds to finance or refinance expenditures with minority and women-owned
businesses.

Now let's shift to our North American infrastructure businesses. We're pleased that Cameron LNG Phase 1
reached full commercial operations in August. All 3 trains are now generating earnings and cash flows. As
a reminder, we expect our share of annual earnings to be approximately $400 million to $450 million with
no commodity or volumetric exposure, and the contracts are supported by A-rated customers who are also
equity partners in the facility.

Additionally, due to the structure of the tolling agreements, Sempra doesn't expect an earnings impact
from the recent outages due to Hurricanes Laura and Delta. We continue to work with our partners to
ensure the resiliency of the operations.

Moving to ECA LNG Phase 1. We're continuing to work closely with the local authorities as well as at the
highest levels of the Mexican government to advance the export permit process. We're expecting to reach
a final investment decision by year-end. As a reminder, ECA LNG Phase 1 is fully contracted with long-
term take-or-pay contracts. SPAs with Total and Mitsui are each in place for a 20-year term, and we have
a lump-sum turnkey EPC contract with TechnipFMC.

Shifting to Mexico. We've advanced construction of the Gulf of Mexico fuel terminal network. Once
completed, the 3 strategic terminals, which are all backed by dollar-denominated take-or-pay contracts
with Valero should contribute nearly 3.4 million barrels of combined refined product storage capacity, while
improving Mexico's energy security. Notably, the Veracruz terminal is situated in the largest Mexican port
on the Gulf Coast and is expected to be one of the largest terminals in the country.

Please turn to Slide 9, where I will discuss more detail about Oncor's capital plan. Texas continues to be
one of the premium macro and business environments in the United States, and Oncor is well positioned
to take advantage of these strong fundamentals. This is demonstrated by an increase in Oncor's 5 year
capital plan to $12.2 billion projected for 2021 through 2025, which is primarily attributable to: supporting
new growth across both the transmission and distribution systems; maintaining the transmission system,
including investments to enhance the safety and reliability of service; and continuing investments in
innovation and technology. Overall, Oncor's 5-year capital plan has increased by over 60% since the 2017
regulatory commitment reflecting the continued growth and critical investments needed to support its
customers, the state and the ERCOT market.

Please turn to Slide 10, where I'll review our financial results. Early this morning, we reported third
quarter 2020 GAAP earnings of $351 million or $1.21 per share. This compares to third quarter 2019 GAAP
earnings of $813 million or $2.84 per share. On an adjusted basis, third quarter 2020 earnings were $380

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

SEMPRA ENERGY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

million or $1.31 per share. This compares to third quarter 2019 adjusted earnings of $425 million or $1.50
per share.

Please turn to the next slide. The variance in the third quarter 2020 adjusted earnings when compared
to last year was affected by the following key items: $56 million of lower earnings due to the sales of
our Peruvian and Chilean businesses in April and June of 2020, respectively; $32 million of lower income
tax benefits from flow-through items due to the timing of the 2019 GRC final decision at SoCalGas; $32
million of unfavorable impacts from foreign currency and inflation effects at Sempra Mexico, net of foreign
currency derivatives. Third quarter 2019 had approximately a $10 million gain, and third quarter 2020 had
approximately a $20 million loss.

$29 million charge related to an energy efficiency program inquiry at SDG&E; $3 million of lower earnings
at Sempra Texas Utilities, including $21 million from unfavorable weather. The lower earnings were also
due to increased operating costs, partially offset by increased revenues from rate updates to reflect
invested capital.

This was partially offset by $79 million of higher equity earnings from Cameron LNG JV primarily due to
Phase 1 commencing commercial operations, and $21 million impairment of nonutility native gas assets at
SoCalGas in 2019.

Please turn to the final slide. We're pleased to report a successful quarter, both operationally and
financially. Benefiting from a more narrowed strategic focus, we're reaffirming and guiding to the high end
of our full year 2020 adjusted EPS guidance range and reaffirming our full year 2021 EPS guidance range.
We remain committed to creating long-term shareholder value, and I could not be more pleased with our
overall year-to-date financial performance even in these challenging market conditions.
And with that, this concludes our prepared remarks, and we'll stop to take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

SEMPRA ENERGY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just a couple of questions here, Jeff. Can we just first -- can we touch on some of the moving pieces on
sort of the '21 earnings drivers as you're thinking about it? Especially as it sort of sets up to be a cleaner
year from a business mix perspective.

I guess how do you think about year-over-year growth from your prior revised higher 2020 EPS guidance
range, which now actually points to the top end. So what are some of the pushes and takes as we think
about '21 and build off the higher 2020 base?

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, I appreciate the question, Shar. And I think I would just start by saying that we feel great about
the year we're having in 2021. And I think I want to emphasize the fact, when you think about what the
market backdrop is, I think it's one of the toughest situations that any of us have gone through in terms of
COVID and the impact to our economy.

But as you think about 2021, you raise a great point, which is it will be a very clean year for us. It will
be the first year you will not see contributions from any of our divested businesses. You recall that we
divested roughly $30 billion in enterprise value of assets over the last 2.5 years. And I think the whole
goal was to make sure that we improved our performance going forward.

So as you look to 2021, I think you should continue to expect that the lead driver for our company
will be our utilities, right? So you've got upwards of a $30 billion, 5-year capital program dedicated to
our regulated investments. You've got a blended ROE across that platform of about 10.1%, which is
differential in today's marketplace. And to a point that you alluded to, next year will be the first year that
you'll see full annual run rate earnings from Cameron, which we talked about being in that $400 million to
$450 million range.

But I do want to mention that the goal of this whole capital recycling program, Shar, over the last 2 years,
was to put this management team in a position where we had a clear field of vision to do one thing, which
was improve our financial performance. Now I was thinking about it coming into this call, but if you think
back, Shar, to 2019, we began the year with a guidance range of $5.70 to $6.30. And then last year on
the Q3 call, we raised the entire guidance range to $6.00 to $6.50 of EPS, and then we delivered the year
with an actual earnings number adjusted of $6.78. And that really set us up quite well for 2020.

We began this year with $6.70 to $7.50, guided to the high end of that range, you may recall, on the Q1
call. And then in June, just over a month later, we raised the entire range to $7.20 to $7.80.

And I think I called this out on our last earnings call, which you may remember, back when we used to
provide 5-year guidance, I went back and looked at 2016. And 5 years in advance, we had forecasted an
adjusted EPS range of $7.20 to $7.80. So by being able to deliver that performance in '19 and '20, and
now be in a position, to your point, to guide to the high end of the range, we're going to exceed a 12%
earnings CAGR over the last 5 years.

So this idea that we're going to be nimble, that we're going to continue to compete our capital and adjust
our portfolio to deliver returns, I think, has set us up really well for 2021. So I would just conclude on this
point: We're optimistic about the returns we can produce next year.

Shahriar Pourreza

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

SEMPRA ENERGY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Terrific. Terrific. And then just on ECA, I know clearly, the gating factor for Phase 1 is the permits. Any sort
of updates, Jeff, at this juncture? I mean is the perception out there that this process really now relies on
a second proposed LNG project? Can you just maybe touch on that? And then what's your sort of stance or
threshold in further Mexico investments?

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes, there's a couple of questions embedded there. But I'll start from the top and say that for the ECA
project to go forward, it is 100% disconnected from another project going forward. So I think the most
important development that's caused us to have improved confidence is that we completed the successful
consultation down in Baja over the last 3 weeks where you may have seen that we received a positive
vote with strong local support around the 60% level. And what's most important is that sends a strong
message to the central government, where we've developed some great relationships.

So I think I have been wrong on this before, I must confess. We originally thought that I would get this
permit with the team in Q4 of last year. But I think what has been the big difference now has been the
relationships we've developed and the consultation that occurred down in Baja.

The goal here is to get the SENER permit, which we're forecasting to get this month. That's the
authorization to export hydrocarbons off the coast of Mexico. And we also think it's reasonable, Shar, that
we will have a final investment decision with the permit this quarter.

Transitioning to the larger picture down in Mexico. I think you've heard us talk about this in the past where
we're constructive, I think, over a longer-term horizon. I think the short term, we definitely envision
some headwinds. There have been some dislocations in the market based upon some of the policies and
protections around state-owned enterprises.

And that's why you saw the IEnova team earlier this year adjust their plans. And namely, they backed
off on just over $200 million of capital for 2020, and that was designed to free up cash to support an
opportunistic share repurchase program. They have bought back to date, I believe, roughly 77 million
shares, which has increased Sempra's ownership in that public company to the 70% level. And I think
when you trace that through, they put about $230 million to work in their share repurchase program. And
their approach, very similar to ours at Sempra, is to be opportunistic when they think the market supports
that.

And then I think the final update I would say is they recently cut their dividend. So they're doing all the
things you expect them to do to preserve the value of the business and be opportunistic about positioning
the business for more value. And the dividend cut is really designed to bolster liquidity and shore up the
balance sheet.

So I would just say, big picture, the focus of Sempra LNG and the focus of the IEnova is really about
getting the ECA project launched, which is a very, very big project. It will be the largest construction
project in the history of Baja California, and I think we're very well positioned to execute it.

Shahriar Pourreza
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. And Jeff, just one last one for me. A little bit more of a strategic question for you is, Sempra
is effectively one of the last sort of hybrid utilities -- or will be with the scale of the infrastructure
investments that you have. So it's been a big theme this year about derisking, about simplifying.

So I'm just kind of curious. What are your thoughts on sort of the overall business mix, especially if your
stock really never gets the value that it really does deserve? When do you and the Board start to like
maybe consider options and rethink the current strategy?

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

SEMPRA ENERGY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Yes. I would say one of the things that's embedded in your question, Shar, is you should assume that
we're doing that all the time. I think sometimes the outside perception is that a Board of Directors or a
management team will have a strategy session once a year. That's not the way it works at Sempra. And
I think as a credit to our Board and our management team, you can't find another company in our space
that's had the transactional activity we've had in the last 24 months.

So you think about transacting on enterprise value, roughly $30 billion of transactions in 2 years, it's a
pretty sweeping change to our portfolio. And you couple that with the earnings performance that we've
demonstrated over the last 2 years, we have something special going on at the company in terms of a
unique growth and income story.

And I'm not here to tell you that the market gets it right every day, but I do believe in efficient markets
over time. We certainly think our stock is undervalued. And that's why you saw us be proactive this
summer in terms of executing a share repurchase program.

But I will tell you this, we're not wedded to any single asset. So if there's opportunities or dislocations in
the marketplace, you should expect us to look for them. And let me highlight one example for you that I
referenced in my prepared remarks.

When you think about the LNG space as a vertical category, we have a pretty confident view that we've
got a leading franchise in North America. It's well capitalized. I think there's a series of built-in competitive
advantages that allows us to access both the Asian market in a unique way as well as being able to
dispatch directly into the Atlantic. And if you look, Shar, at the runway of growth in front of our LNG
business, it's differential from any other company in North America.

So in my prepared remarks, one of the things I highlighted is that we're actively looking at ways that we
can create more value with the portfolio and really compete different sources of capital so that we can
fund growth. Our goal, obviously, is to source the lowest cost of capital to fund that growth, but I want to
be very clear. We're also, Shar, looking for ways to highlight value for our shareholders and strengthen our
balance sheet.

So as I thought about this call today, we went back and looked at some of the transaction values in the
marketplace. And a lot of the research work around our business will show people in a "sum of the parts"
analysis, looking at our LNG business at 9 or 10x EV to EBITDA. But you look at some of the transactions
-- and some of them are quite recent, whether it's Cove Point, Cheniere Energy Partners, there's a variety
of transactions where there's value being highlighted in the marketplace. And you're seeing those, Shar,
go off at 12 to 14x.

So there's certainly a dislocation between the value being attributed to our portfolio. And that's why I
would say that the bottom line is, we think there's a lot of franchise value in our LNG business. You saw
that show up in how we transacted around wind and solar. You saw that franchise value in the transaction
multiples in Peru, in Chile, which went off at 16 and 17x.

So one of the things I can commit to you is we're going to be active, and we're going to be active about
driving value for our shareholders. I certainly agree with you that we haven't seen that show up in our
stock price, but we will not be standing still.

Operator

And we'll now take our next question from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Jeff. So sorry, my question actually was related to that last question and the comments you made in your
remarks about looking at different financing structures and strategic capital for the LNG projects. And I
guess my question there is, when you make that comment, is it more for each individual project as you're
thinking about that? Or is it for kind of the business as a whole?

Jeffrey Walker Martin

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

SEMPRA ENERGY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Chairman, President & CEO

Right. Well, let me start, Steve, by saying we appreciate having the opportunity to participate in your
conference over the last couple of weeks. I know I didn't participate on the day that the conference
actually went off. It's always a conference we look forward to.

So as we think about the options we're looking at, and you can go back and review my prepared remarks,
we're active in both regards. We're looking at both financing options and financing structures at the
project level and at the portfolio level. And to be very specific, we're also looking at both infrastructure
and strategic capital.

Steven Isaac Fleishman
Wolfe Research, LLC

Got it. That's helpful. And the -- I guess, there's a balance between value and then you're actually --
particularly on Cameron, make good earnings out of the business. So when you think about kind of value
creation, how are you just thinking about that aspect in terms of, I guess, really making some things may
be accretive or not? Or how are you thinking about that?

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

I think you can go back and look at our track record. As we look at things that we divest and things that
we invest in, we always do it through the lens of accretion. I think the 3 comments I've made I think twice
now on this call is we're looking to source lowest cost of capital to fund growth. We're looking to highlight
value, and certainly, we feel quite constructive about looking at things which are only accretive. But I also
think that in doing so, this is not an academic exercise.

I think that our partners, particularly in the LNG space, really think that one of the things that's unique
about our LNG story is the strength of financial commitment behind that business. And particularly in
this marketplace, I think it has really allowed us to have a more competitive position, particularly relative
to our peers here in North America. So I would just say it's about funding growth efficiently. It's about
highlighting value and accretion, and it's about supporting our balance sheet.

Operator

We'll hear next from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So perhaps just to pick up where Steve left off, or more of the same, just to be very clear about your
thoughts on buybacks, right. So obviously, you did some early this summer. Perhaps less so this quarter.
How are you thinking about capital allocation in kind of the nearer-term sense here? I mean obviously, I
think you're fairly clear last quarter. So I just want to make sure we're hearing you right as to how you're
thinking about some of the nearer-term priorities for capital.

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, I think if you go back to the early part of the year, we announced what was our largest-ever 5-year
capital program with just over $30 billion to $32 billion of capital over 5 years. And that's completely
geared towards supporting the growth in our regulated business. As you heard Allen talk about -- or
at least we talked about with Allen in our script, the growth we're seeing at Oncor. And he's always got
another $750 million of capital outside of that plan that they've circled and they're tracking, which could
also increase.

So our job is to continue to find ways to produce what we think is the differential growth and income story.
We're going to support our dividend. We're going to manage our balance sheet, and we're going to fund
the growth that's right in front of us.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

SEMPRA ENERGY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

If there's times where we see a dislocation in the marketplace, Julien, like you and I have talked about
before, we will always look for opportunities to be opportunistic around the share repurchase program. I
think you've seen IEnova take that approach. Obviously, you saw us do that earlier this summer. Having
that dry powder with the $2 billion approval by our Board is very helpful. It's something we constantly
look at and is available to us. And it's going to be driven by where we think that we can produce the most
value.

So you saw a decline in our stock price in the mid part of the summer, and we were active there. But we're
also going to meet the growth needs. So it's a balancing issue. It's something we look at a lot, Julien. We
don't take a firm view and announce "a $2 billion program". That authorization is there to let us do what
we've done in the past, which is approach it opportunistically to create value.

Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Let me pivot over to an Oncor question then. You all talked about upside potentials previously of upwards
of $1 billion. You raised, I think, I'm going to call it just $300 million of late. How do you think about
feathering in further outside capital at Oncor and this $300 million relative to the larger numbers you guys
have talked about as some of the potentials there earlier?

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. So obviously, we own right over 80% of Oncor. This is an investment that we think very highly of.
So when you think about our commitment to invest in T&D assets or assets that have T&D-level risk, one
of the things that Allen outlined in our analyst conference was some incremental capital opportunities
between right around $770 million to $1.17 billion of incremental capital.

We think that a lot of that opportunity is still there. It's outside of the $12.2 billion. But I would just
comment that we have a strong view about our ownership position in Oncor. We certainly do not see
any need to bring in outside third-party capital to support that. In fact, we'd love to own more of that
business.

But let me stop and bring Allen in. And Allen, perhaps you can talk about the current market environment
and growth you're seeing on your system, which I think causes all of us to have more confidence about
being able to better serve Texas customers.

E. Allen Nye
CEO & Director

You bet, Jeff. And thanks for the question, Julien. So first, the incremental capital point, just to reiterate,
we're doing 2 things today. One, we've increased the 5-year plan by $300 million. And then we're also
adding another year right at the back end of the plan for 2025, another strong year at $2.4 billion, $2.5
billion. So we do feel good about growth and where the state is going, where our company is going.

As Jeff said, the $12.2 billion is separate and part of the incremental capital that we talked about before.
So if you look back at my last analyst presentation, as Jeff said, I think we had a slide around $775 million
to $1.275 billion in incremental capital opportunities above and beyond that. That is still available. That is
not diminished by this increase today.

And if we see -- we try to be conservative in our planning. But if we see growth, really strong growth
continuing at levels that exceed what we're anticipating now, if we get oil and gas returning to pre-
COVID or beyond levels, or if we continue to see this really strong growth in renewables I'll talk about in a
second, then we may be back with more at some point. But we feel very good about the $12.2 billion over
5 based on what we're seeing on our system now and our conservative planning approach.

With regards to the growth that Jeff mentioned, when we talk about growth on our system, there's several
kind of criteria we look at. One is obviously serve new. It's basically the number of new premises or
number of new meters on our system. Notwithstanding all the challenges of 2020, we did around 64,000,
and we added about 64,000 last year in 2019. We added 21,000 in the third quarter of this year, and
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

SEMPRA ENERGY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

we're on track to be right on top of our 2019 number. So notwithstanding economic downturn, COVID and
all the fun of 2020, we feel good about our new serve coming in basically where it was last year.

On the transmission side, we generally have 2 buckets: retail points of interconnection and generation
points of interconnection. Retail is slightly down. However, generation interconnection requests are
significantly up and far exceed the decrease on the retail side to the point where we're anticipating we'll
have probably our highest level ever of total transmission POI requests that we have active at any given
time. We have, I think, about 275 in the queue right now.

So growth remains strong. We're still clicking along at about a 2% premise growth. Transmission POIs look
good. And obviously, based on the move we made today on CapEx, we feel good about growth moving
forward. Thanks, Jeff.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I wanted to spend some time on California. I guess, first, just talking about the eventual move away from
methane. I know you've been a thought leader in approaches there. I was just curious, in terms of your
dialogue with regulators and legislators, et cetera, just sort of generally the feedback you're getting and
your sense of potential sort of concrete next steps. Or is this just a very long, gradual process? How do
you kind of see that unfolding?

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Thank you for the question. And I'll pull Kevin Sagara, our group President for California, into it
momentary. There is a process underway at the PUC to look at a phased approach to how we integrate a
natural gas strategy over multiple decades to help decarbonize the state. But I might start just with a little
bit of a perspective nationally.

I think that over the last several decades, Stephen, the United States has led the world in reducing
energy-related emissions. The IEA came out with a study in February that showed that emissions globally
were flat in 2019, and but they -- of all the nations in the world, it was the United States that led the
declines in 2019. So we grew our economy at 2.3% and reduced our energy-related emissions by 3%.

And in that study, what they indicated was you saw declining emissions in OECD nations and increasing
emissions in the developing world. And since the year 2000, we've led the world an absolute decline in
emissions. We're currently 1 gigaton of carbon below the 2000 period here in the United States. And
what the IEA credits is the massive build-out of renewables, combined with support from natural gas and
switching from coal to natural gas.

So I think it's a case study and is being viewed that way all around the world about the importance of
getting LNG into developing markets. So whether it's China or India or Malaysia or Vietnam or Thailand,
they have the opportunity to build a lot of renewables and not back it with coal, but support it with natural
gas.

So I think that thesis is spilling over, Stephen, into how people are thinking about LDCs, particularly in
Europe. Today, LDCs have outperformed U.S. LDCs by 30%. And the narrative in Europe is there is a
clear recognition that LDCs are a big part of the solution by taking exogenous methane in the form of
renewable natural gas and putting that into the distribution system. And second, leading the world in
not only producing hydrogen, but distributing it across transportation and industrial usage and power
production.

So I think there's a thesis around methane that it's really, really important that you can capture escaping
emissions, and you can be very proactive in terms of how you address environmental issues. But it is a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

SEMPRA ENERGY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

core part of how we will support an energy transition globally. And I think the blackouts from this summer
have had a big sea change in the state in terms of how we think about the long-term role.

But perhaps, Kevin, you could talk about some of the things that are actively underway to support natural
gases role in California?

Kevin Cristopher Sagara
Executive VP & Group President of California Utilities

Thanks, Jeff. Yes. Let me tell you why we're so excited about the gas company's leadership position in the
energy transition. My optimism really springs from a couple of areas: One, it's what we're doing now; and
two, it's how we're aligned with the energy policy in California. The gas company has an important role in
the energy transition in California. Today, we have established a voluntary goal of having 5% of our core
gas come from renewable natural gas by 2022 and 20% by 2030.

Well, right now, we're flowing 100% California-produced renewable natural gas for all of our compressed
natural gas refueling stations in our service territory. We will have reduced our fugitive methane emissions
by 20% by 2015. The state has a goal to do that by 2025, so we're 5 years early in meeting the state
mandate.

We're also accelerating, like Jeff talked about, innovative technologies like renewable natural gas and
hydrogen. And I'm really excited also about opportunities in carbon capture. Our infrastructure play a role
there as well.

Those are the things that we're doing. So now let's focus a little deeper on how we're aligned with the
3 legs of the energy policy stool in California. Those legs are clean energy, safety and reliability and
affordability.

In the area of clean, undoubtedly, we need and we'll see increasing penetration of renewable energy and
electrification in this state. However, natural gas is a fundamental component of getting higher penetration
of renewable resources on the grid. Batteries are expensive. We can't provide the long-duration storage
we need at times.

During certain periods in the summer, 80% of our power was coming from gas and a little bit from coal.
In August, like Jeff mentioned, there were blackouts. And when the sun went down, I remember one day,
you got about a system peak in California of about maybe 50 or 60 gigawatts. And 29 gigawatts were
coming, at that point, when the sun went down from gas. We were getting 1 gigawatt from batteries.

And so that was a real warning shot for the state that gas infrastructure is important. And really gas
infrastructure enables more renewable energy. When you think about it, you want to get more renewables
on, you got to have more back up, and that comes mainly in the form of gas.

In the area of safety and reliability, again, gas backs up renewables for the reliable grid. And then safety
is obviously our number one priority, and that emphasis has been reflected in our most recent rate case,
our PSEP decision that Trevor mentioned in his opening remarks. The CPUC is providing us the capital
necessary to keep the gas system safe and reliable, thus aligning with the state's priorities of a safe and
reliable energy system.

And lastly, the gas system is an affordable second energy system for our customers. The average
natural gas bill is something around $40 a month, and stakeholders in California recognize the increasing
importance of -- on affordability as we execute this transition. So super excited about this energy
transition. You can watch, we're going to be leading at SoCalGas in this area.

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

The only other thing I would add, Stephen, too, is that if you look at natural gas penetration rates, I think
you'd be hard-pressed to find anywhere in the country where you have a 90% penetration rate, like you
see in Southern California with one of the largest population centers in the country.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

SEMPRA ENERGY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

So look, we're going to be thoughtful. We're going to partner with the governor. We've made a
commitment to do that. And I think there's a growing recognition that there's a transition here. And
natural gas is part of the answer to help us get higher renewable penetration rates. And I think Kevin
made that point. There's an efficient frontier, and California is setting the record in the world for renewable
penetration on electric system.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's really a thorough answer. Maybe just one follow-up on an element there. Just following up on the
blackout that we saw this summer. I saw the root cause assessment that came out. You mentioned this in
your response to my first question.

Just curious how the state's sort of thinking through -- I mean that's kind of a -- it's a sign. I mean the
state has a long way to go still to add more renewables. So if we're having blackouts at this stage, I think
that's kind of a warning sign in terms of just some changes that need to be made.

How is that dialogue sort of playing out? And what might come out of sort of that root cause assessment
and desire to make sure you don't have further blackouts in the future?

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Thank you for the question. I think that you have a lot of people that take a lot of pride in California
about being a leader around the clean energy transition. This is something that the state cares a lot about.
All the utilities up and down the state are committed to supporting it.

But when you think back about how challenged our system was, you build the system and all your
integrated resource planning around a 1 in 10-year event. People are concluding that maybe it was a 1
in 30 event or 1 in 35 event. There's a couple of things that were uncovered, which I think they're really
taking to heart in California.

The first of which is the imports in the state routinely run between 20% and 30%. So what happened
during this southwest weather event was a lot of generation in Nevada and Arizona that we would
otherwise rely on, which is all-natural gas and coal, particularly at certain times during the day, was not
available because it was being used in those states for cooling and air conditioning.

Secondly, when you look at our state, you may have been late in the afternoon where you're getting a
lot of solar contributions, but there wasn't sufficient ability to basically load follow. So you've got really
2 issues here: One is California's energy insecure. We rely too much on imports, and we need to build
more generation in the state so that we're not reliant and dependent on other states. And number two,
when you have a 1 in 30 event like that, it causes you to go back and look at how you do your integrated
resource planning to support your reserve margin.

So typically, this data has looked at between a 15% and 17% required reserve margin by utility as you
procure your resources. And that has an implied value assigned to solar for resource adequacy and implied
value to wind. All those assessments have to be revisited to make sure that we have a larger, more
reliable reserve margin.

So I think the outcome from this will be the existing natural gas plants will be repowered. The state needs
more peaking natural gas generation. You will see more electric storage put on in the state, and you
need to see a lot more capacity built in the state of California. So there will be a process that takes place
between the 3 energy agencies: the California Energy Commission, the California Independent System
Operator and the CPUC. And it's about being less reliant on third-party states. It's about revisiting our 1
in 10-year analysis and making sure that we revisit the capacity value that we allocate to planning around
solar and wind.

Operator

We'll hear next from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

SEMPRA ENERGY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just wanted to circle back to Oncor for a minute, if I could, with the capital plan. And if you could talk a
little bit more on the specific customer growth you're assuming under your updated plan here? And does
this kind of bake in kind of the current trajectory in West Texas as it is? And I guess trying to feel out what
type of sensitivity, what type of upside is possible if the commodity price environment does improve there.

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Let me make a couple of comments. And Allen, you can fill in behind me, but I just want to
recharacterize. When people think about West Texas, they think about the Permian and the Delaware
Basin, it's really important to understand that what producers are trying to do right now is lower their
marginal cost of production. And there is a huge benefit to be able to attach to the grid instead of self-
generating.

So a lot of what the capital that's being deployed by Allen right now in West Texas is largely been
approved and locked in for the next 2 years. And there's still a lot of demand for more infrastructure in
that region because it's viewed as making their production more competitive.

And then secondly, we usually circle something around 70,000 new meter additions a year. Allen can
update on that. But I just think going through this pandemic and going through the disruption we've seen,
Texas today has roughly an 8% unemployment rate against something here in California, which is closer
to 12%. We think that Texas will be a big part of our nation's economic recovery, and we think Oncor is as
well positioned as any company to benefit from what we're forecasting in Texas.

But perhaps, Allen, you could provide some color behind my comments.

E. Allen Nye
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Jeff. And Jeremy, the direct answer to your question as to what's in our kind of plan with
regards to customer growth is for the last few years, we've seen 2% premise growth, which is around that
number of premises that Jeff spoke about a minute ago. And that's what we have currently in this $12.2
billion, 5-year plan. We're assuming 2% -- continued 2% premise growth.

So when you think about things that could lead to increased investment, if we were to get things -- like
I said before, if we could get residential or rather premise growth in excess of what's been planned or
another example, which I gave earlier was, things returning to normal or better than normal in the oil
field. That's a couple of examples. Obviously, a quicker or more aggressive implementation of renewable
power.

Texas already leads the nation in renewable power, but there is currently more than 100,000 megawatts of
renewable, be it solar, wind or storage, in the queue at ERCOT to the extent that, that manifested a little
higher than a historical average of 30% or 40%. Those things would all be drivers that could ultimately
end up increasing our CapEx.

When you look at West Texas particularly, we're actually seeing some pretty good signs in West Texas, a
couple that, frankly, were counterintuitive to me just based on the fact that I know a lot of our customers
out there have been significantly impacted. But if you look at ERCOT data, month-over-month demand in
the Far West Texas region is actually up every month in '20 versus the corresponding month in 2019. So
demand in the Far West Texas region for every month in '20 is in excess of 2019 month-over-month. So
that's one.

Two, Delaware Basin, we serve the portion of the Delaware Basin that we do on what's called the
Culberson Loop, which is a transmission loop system that we have out there. The 2019 peak on that
system was 550 megawatts. On September 25 of this year, we saw a peak of 678 megawatts. So while
we're undoubtedly seeing impact to our customers in the West Texas region, we're seeing some really
positive trends with regards to consumption. So there is hopefully light at the end of the tunnel there.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

SEMPRA ENERGY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

But if West Texas -- if oil and gas activity returns to pre-COVID levels or they're above, or if we see some
of these other positives from generation or customer growth, those are generally the kinds of things.
There's certainly more -- those are the kinds of things that would drive increased capital allocation.

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

Allen, it's Jeff. One of the things we've talked about that you might want to share is we had a really major
legislative development last year with Senate Bill 1938. And maybe talk about the overlay of that on top of
the market description you just gave.

E. Allen Nye
CEO & Director

Yes, I'd be glad to, Jeff. So just to refresh you all, 1938, which was passed out of the legislature last
year and signed into law, effectively put into PURA, the current construct in ERCOT, which allocates
transmission projects based on ownership of endpoint substations, more or less.

And so when you think about generation development, when you think about transmission point of
interconnections, when you think about adjusting the grid as we shift to more renewables and the impacts
you have when you reallocate the flows around the system, to the extent those require transmission
upgrades or additional greenfield transmission projects, those projects would be allocated to the owner of
the endpoints based on the 1938 now -- are now really codified into PURA law. We own more than 1,100,
probably closer to 1,200 of those endpoints substations. So we believe we're fairly uniquely situated to
capture a significant part of that growth. Thanks, Jeff.

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Allen.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. That's very helpful. And then maybe kind of pivoting here and recognizing that this dynamic impact
appears far more than you. But how are you finding the insurance market in California, specifically for
wildfire insurance here? And does your risk profile of your system relative to peers benefit your ability to
secure cost-effective coverage? And do you anticipate any changes here given the record fire season?

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you for the question. I'll go back and talk about our original thesis where we're trying to build a
portfolio. It's really focused on T&D investments or investments that have T&D-like risk. When you bring
that into California, we certainly have received a differential approach by the insurance companies in
terms of how they think about our risk relative to our peers.

I'll pass it over to Trevor to provide a little bit more color about our insurance program.

Trevor Ian Mihalik
CFO & Executive VP

Yes. Thanks, Jeff. Yes. So Jeremy, we have not had a problem procuring insurance, and we've got a
separate wildfire tower of over $1 billion. And we're getting it at very competitive rates. And in fact, we
were also able to put out cat bonds this year at under 10%.

So from our perspective, given all the technology and what SDG&E has done to fire harden the system
and around the fire sciences, we are recognized differentially within the insurance markets. And procuring
insurance at competitive rates is something that we're able to do fairly efficiently and effectively.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

SEMPRA ENERGY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

We'll take our next question from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Congrats on progress during what's been a crazy year. Jeff, in your remarks at the beginning, you hit a
specific detail to reference potential financing options for both Cameron [ 4 2 6 ] and Port Arthur. Can
you give a little more of a detailed update on kind of what's you're expecting progress-wise for both of
those in terms of: a, contracting; and b, going to FID? And then just broadly kind of the broader macro
environment for incremental U.S. LNG or U.S. liquefaction.

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. Well, first off, let me say thank you, Michael, for joining our call. And we've got Justin on the line
with us. And what I'd like to do, Justin, if you don't mind, perhaps, tackle the macro side first and then
come back and maybe provide a project-by-project update on the progress we're seeing around our
contracting of capacity.

Justin Christopher Bird
Chief Executive Officer

Sure. Thank you, Jeff, and thanks for the question, Michael. In terms of the market, I think we're seeing
continued growth in U.S. LNG exports this year, clearly dampened a bit by the hurricane season. But it
looks like, frankly, LNG exports could set a record in November. It's really being underpinned by increasing
demand and stronger prices in Asia. We're also seeing stronger prices in Europe.

Prices in Asia have actually tripled since the summer. And really, we think it's a demonstration that LNG
demand growth is driven by recovery in global GDP, unlike oil, which really is a mobility or transportation
fuel.

In terms of the longer term in the LNG market, we still think we'll see some short-time oversupply. But we
think over the medium term, let's call it, 2023, '25, we see that the lack of FIDs over the past recent years
will create a situation where demand will exceed supply, and we see that continuing.

I think for us, it's importantly because, as Jeff mentioned -- he talked about our uniquely positioned
LNG business. I think we have an opportunity to really capitalize. We will have Pacific and Atlantic
access. We're bolstered by Sempra's strong balance sheet. And we have and continue to create strong
relationships and partnerships in the LNG space. So we think our business, our franchise will be more
successful over the medium and long term.

In the short term, let me talk about our development projects. As Jeff mentioned in his prepared remarks,
we are hoping to take FID and plan to take FID at the end of -- or during this quarter prior to the end
of the year. The offtake for that project is completely sold. And shifting to Cameron in Phase 2, we are
continuing to work with partners on optimizing the design of that phase, really building on the strength of
Cameron Phase 1 and leveraging that to really create expansion and brownfield economics. In terms of the
timing of that development, we are progressing, and we're working closely with the partners, but we don't
have a specific time line for that.

On Port Arthur, we previously announced that we were delaying final investment decision to 2021. That's
based on where we are, what we're seeing in the market. But we are seeing a little bit of rebound in the
short-term market. We're frankly seeing some challenges -- practical challenge just as a result of COVID.
LNG tends to be a face-to-face business. And although we are all starting to use conference calls, it's still,
I would say, slowing down the process a bit.

We still have continued conversations. We're continuing to codevelop with Saudi Aramco. And we think
Port Arthur really has the opportunity to be not only a successful first phase but truly one of the great LNG
mega projects in the world.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

SEMPRA ENERGY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

So again, we're very excited about our development prospects. As we've previously stated, we will
not develop a project until the market is ready for it. We are -- show a tremendous level of capital
discipline. We at Sempra LNG compete for our capital and really, we're here to create value for Sempra's
shareholders. So we think we have a uniquely positioned franchise, and we see both in the short term,
and then the medium to long term, continued success.

Michael Jay Lapides
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. Hey, I had a follow-on, but it's very unrelated. It's probably for Allen. Just curious, Allen, any
thoughts -- if I remember correctly, Oncor is going to file a rate case next year. Any thoughts on: A, given
the -- just the broader economic environment with COVID, you could delay or push out that rate case. And
b, if you can, any kind of early read on whether this is kind of a move-the-needle type of request? Or is
this just a mandatory coming back in, but it's not something that's going to drive significant rate pressure
on the customer?

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

Go ahead, Allen.

E. Allen Nye
CEO & Director

Sorry, Jeff. You're 100% correct. We are required by PUC rule to file our next rate case by October 1
of next year. And so we're currently planning on that, working on that. You're also 100% correct, very
unusual test year to say the least. Now we will -- we have the opportunity to make known and measurable
changes and normalize some of our test year data. But it's unquestionably going to be an unusual test
year.

I think there are 4 rate cases presently scheduled for the PUC to hear next year. Ours is obviously the
biggest. I have not had any discussions nor received any feedback so far from the commission as to
whether they would like to delay. Certainly, to the extent the state would like us to delay, it's something
we always work very well with the state and the intervenors, and we would consider that. It's just not a
topic that we've addressed yet.

With regard to what we'll be asking for, we're putting that together right now. We haven't been in, in a few
years. So we'll just have to wait and see. I can't really predict what we'll be asking for.

We're obviously cognizant of what other utilities and their experience is recently at the commission. I
would just simply say their rate cases are obviously very specific, specific to the time you file, who the
utility is and what the facts and circumstances are. And I think our history has shown we have good
relationships. We've been a good player, a good supporter of ERCOT market. We've done everything the
commission has asked us to do.

So we feel like we're in a good position going into next year. To the extent we have to file, we're
anticipating that we will, unless we're told otherwise. And we're anticipating that we'll do what we've
always done, and we'll work with the stakeholders, and we'll try to come up with something amicable and
reasonable for the customers and for us. But that's kind of where we stand on a rate case, if that answers
your question.

Operator

We'll hear from Ryan Levine with Citi.

Ryan Michael Levine
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

SEMPRA ENERGY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

In light of the 2035, the California electric vehicle policies, what are your current thoughts around
incremental infrastructure needs to prepare for these policies? And what role will Sempra play in this trend
in light of the strong adoption rates in the San Diego market?

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you for that question. We do have a leadership position in the San Diego region with respect to
electric vehicles. I think we've got roughly 60,000 on our system today, which scores very high on a per
capita basis.

And I got to tell you, I recently published an article in the World Economic Forum about the importance
of clean transportation. And I was quite laudatory about Governor Newsom's leadership position here. So
this -- I said this earlier in my comments. This is a state that's justifiably prideful about their leadership
position around all issues of clean energy. And when you think about -- I think statewide, it's roughly 40%
of the greenhouse stack is associated with transportation. Here in the San Diego region, it's just over
50%.

So a lot of times, people who talk a lot about the clean energy transition will focus on things, which are
relatively small and don't move the needle. This is probably the most complicated issue globally if we're
going to be successful about combating climate change. And I really think the state is real committed to
progress here.

And the final comment before I pass to Kevin is people don't fully understand the circuit-by-circuit
changes you have to make as a utility, what we refer to as make-ready work. You start adding 2 or 3
electric vehicles to a street, you've got to upgrade the electrical system. So there will be a tremendous
amount of distribution infrastructure that will be required to accommodate the type of penetration we're
expecting to see with electric vehicles.

And Kevin, perhaps you could talk about some of the things that SDG&E's doing in this area.

Kevin Cristopher Sagara
Executive VP & Group President of California Utilities

No, thank you for that question, Ryan. We are really excited about the governor's executive order. At
SDG&E, we've gone a long way already of having a significant amount of work around charging for electric
vehicles. Some of our newer programs have to do with exploring vehicle to grid. And so taking like school
bus fleets or something and charging those at the right time and then pulling only electricity off around
another time. Like Jeff mentioned, all the make-ready work presents a big capital opportunity for SDG&E
over time. And as Jeff mentioned at the beginning, we're not going to get where we want to go from a
climate perspective and a carbon -- reducing carbon intensity without addressing the transportation sector,
and that's why this executive order was so important.

And like we said, a big opportunity for SDG&E, but also at SoCalGas, right? And so we can see on the
medium- and heavy-duty side, we've got by 2045, go to zero-emission vehicles there. And so when
you think about that particular segment, right now, there's some lack of clarity, whether it's electric or
hydrogen fuel cells. But my own belief is we're leaning more toward the hydrogen side.

And like we've spoken about in the past, refueling opportunities around hydrogen fuel cells and hydrogen
itself for the gas company is a tremendous opportunity. So it's going to help both companies a lot, and so
really happy to see this.

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

I would also add, Ryan, that Trevor and I are also Board members in Oncor, and Allen puts on a really
thoughtful strategy session every fall. And Trevor and I, just in the last couple of weeks, joined Allen. And
one of the things we talked about really is the opportunity for clean transportation in Texas.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

SEMPRA ENERGY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

What's unique in a lot of Allen's service territory is the commute time in Texas is shorter than it is in
many communities in California. So certainly, we think Texas is not going to move at the same pace as
California. But going back to his footprint in the state of Texas, this is another long-term upside for that
franchise.

Operator

We'll hear next from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.

Anthony Christopher Crowdell
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Just hopefully 2 quick questions. Jeff, one is the LDC multiple, valuation multiples have really come in
maybe over the last 12 months. I'm curious if you think that's more temporary. Or is that something we're
going to continue to see for the next couple of years?

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Thank you. For many of us who have been around the industry for a long period of time, we've
traditionally seen LDCs trade at a premium to electric utilities largely because natural gas could be stored.
It was viewed by many as being more lightly regulated. Whereas electricity, large SBUs instantaneously
and intrinsically more politicized.

I would tell you, I think that in my personal view, I think it's temporary. And here's my base case for that.
I was move in to takeover and run SDG&E in the fall of 2013. I think I stepped in, in January of 2014.
And many of you will recall, one of the common themes in our industry was the death spiral of utilities,
particularly electric utilities and how embattled they were going forward. And I think what people couldn't
see at that time was that they were taking steps, particularly on the power generation side to change the
feedstock for power generation.

As you decarbonize that commodity, it became a real weapon to actually electrify the United States and
compete on the transportation side, which was similar to Ryan's question just a few minutes ago. So
an entire new landscape opened up in front of those electricity businesses. And now we all talk about
electrification like it's a secular trend, and it is. I personally think it is one of the most dominant trends
in our industry is electrification. But if you go back 6 or 7 years, there were a lot of dark clouds on the
horizon for the electric business.

And I will tell you, I think the European sentiment is further ahead of the United States in this area. There
is a growing recognition outside the United States that a central player in leading energy transition will be
our LDCs. That's because they've got this prior investment, which is quite significant, and they've got a
leadership position. If you go country-by-country and continent-by-continent, most of the hydrogen work
is being led by LDCs. And that's one of the reasons that I've been participating on the World Economic
Forum is to help us track some of the new developments in this area.

We think that SoCalGas, which is the largest LDC in the Western Hemisphere, will be the natural leader
here in the United States. And Scott Drury and his team, I believe, have 10 to 12 projects pending
currently. And we've talked about this just in the last couple of weeks, Anthony. We're going to make
an entire breakout category in our March analyst conference around the clean energy transition and
innovation and technology across each of our portfolio of companies. So I actually think that LDCs will be
valued differently in the future at a more premium value.

Anthony Christopher Crowdell
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Great. And then just lastly, I guess, Sempra, Jeff, you have this really high-class problem. There seems to
be very little question on even on the earnings call, like there's no question to the earnings or whatever, or
the earnings power of your -- the company's core utility businesses.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

SEMPRA ENERGY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

With most of the questions were on uncertainty coming from maybe the smallest portion of the Sempra
family, I guess, how do you move the focus away from the LNG business or maybe Mexico and focus more
on the core earnings power of SDG&E and SoCalGas? I'll leave at that.

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, I think it's -- I'll start by saying I appreciate the positive comments about the earnings power
of the company. I spent a little bit of time earlier in my remarks talking about how we've seen steady
improvement in the core earnings power of the company, both in 2019 and in 2020.

It's not just earnings growth. To your point, Anthony, it's also improved earnings quality and earnings
visibility. So I think over time that will get valued into the stock.

And I think going to your larger point about our unregulated businesses, you should expect that Sempra,
over time, will become increasingly -- have higher content in its regulated businesses. So we think that
our utilities will become a larger part of our earnings stack as you go forward in time. And that's kind of a
signal about how we expect to manage both Mexico and the LNG business.

And I think part of what we need to do there is we just need to execute cleanly in Mexico and execute
cleanly in LNG. I spent some time earlier on today's call, talking about some active steps we're taking to
make sure that we can demonstrate that value to the market. We're quite optimistic, actually.

Operator

We'll hear next from Jonathan Arnold with Vertical Research Partners.

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Jeff, I appreciate that you are in this quiet period on the franchise agreement. Are you able to share
anything about the process from here, which -- how it works? And what the timing would then potentially
be for those have been used?

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. There's been a lot of, obviously, good research, publications around this. We talked about it a little
bit more effusively on our Q2 call. But because we're in the quiet period, Jonathan, I have to apologize. I
think it's really important for us to respect the process that the city has underway.

I would just say that Caroline Winn and the team are really excited to work collegially with the city. And
I made this point in my prepared remarks, I think we have an identity of interest here, right? We're both
looking to serve the benefit of the same people, and I remain optimistic.

Jonathan Philip Arnold
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

And do we know if there's going to be some sort of open bidding, a hearing? Or can you talk about it at
all?

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

I would just say that there was an invitation to bid process. That process came to a conclusion in October.
We made a filing, which we thought was competitive at the time that the bids were due. They have not
announced whether there is one bid or more bids. They had not announced when they plan to specifically
open the bids and what the definitive process will be. But I think it's reasonable to expect that the process
will be finished this quarter, and we feel quite good about the bids that we've submitted.

Jonathan Philip Arnold

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

SEMPRA ENERGY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Okay. Great. That's helpful. And if I may just on -- to your comments about -- pick up on your comments
on 2021. I mean earlier in the year, you explicitly had said you were positively inclined around the 2021
number [indiscernible] this year, like in last quarter, you did the buyback or you were buying accretive,
something like that. I'm just curious what's held you. Why would you -- what's happened to change your
view?

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I'm actually smiling because I did actually say that. And I was optimistic then and I'm optimistic now,
and I think we tend to take a relatively conservative approach to planning.

What I will say is this is, if I was an outsider looking at the company, your first question is, is there
something that you're not aware of that makes 2021 not look good or not. All I would say this then: We
had a great year in 2019. We have improved portfolio with improved earnings power. We're having a heck
of a year in 2020. And it's in a really difficult environment, right? I mean, our employees have really been
challenged to both work at home, and we've got a ton of people in the field working. So I think we're set
up extremely well for 2021.

I made a comment earlier. I think you should expect to see the power of our earnings growth continue
to be from our 3 leading utilities. And next year, we're really excited to see full run rate earnings from
Cameron. So there's no real back story here other than us going through the planning process. And when
we have an updated view on 2021, I'll be excited to come back to you.

Operator

We'll hear next from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.

Paul Patterson
Glenrock Associates LLC

So just to sort of follow up on the -- Michael Lapides' question on sort of the natural gas outlook. I
was wondering if you had any thoughts on the Engie -- and I apologize if I missed it, there's quite the
distraction here. But the Engie, NextDecade announcement and methane in Europe, the concern there, I
guess. Any thoughts about that? Or any trends or anything you're seeing?

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. I'm glad you asked the question, Paul. I would say it -- I view it a little bit as a red herring right now.
Engie was formerly a partner with us in the Cameron facility. Obviously, Total is our partner now. We have
MOUs for the full capacity of Cameron expansion. Engie is in a little bit different position relative to Total,
but I don't see any read-through from Engie to have any impact on our LNG program.

Paul Patterson
Glenrock Associates LLC

Okay. Great. And then just when do you think we might see the end of -- or the conclusion of the Aliso
Canyon? I noticed from quarter-to-quarter, there's been some sort of small movements that seems to me
on the activity there. But when do you think we'll get some closure, I guess, or more closure with respect
to the Aliso Canyon litigation?

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. The way I would think about it is you'll recall that we had a catastrophic equipment failure back in
2015. And out of that, there arose really what I think about as 3 buckets of risk and exposure that we've
been actively managing.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

SEMPRA ENERGY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

The first of which was from a group or coalition of government plaintiffs, which we resolved in 2019. Justin
Bird, who's now running our LNG business, was our lead executive to help us resolve that.

And now Paul, there are 2 remaining buckets that we're managing. The first one, which is the civil
litigation process, we're engaged in those activities. You saw that last quarter, we recorded a charge
related to the civil litigation and our settlement discussions there.

What you're looking at in this quarter is the ongoing process we have at the commission on what we might
loosely call, Paul, the penalty phase. And that just shows the nature of our current discussions around
trying to settle that process with the commission currently.

Paul Patterson
Glenrock Associates LLC

Okay. And when do you think it this -- when do you think it might all be sort of finished? Any idea or
that...

Jeffrey Walker Martin
Chairman, President & CEO

No. Any time you talk about litigation, we're going to be reticent to provide a lot of forecast about the
timing of it. I would just say that we have good positions in both matters. We're working collegially with
the folks that we should be working with, and that's reflected in both our Q2 results and our Q3 results.

So as I come to the end of today's call, I wanted to thank everyone for joining us. I know that there's
like a dozen other companies that are reporting this morning. I hope everyone continues to be safe and
healthy. And feel free, as usual, to reach out to anyone on our IR team if you have additional questions,
and this concludes today's call. Thank you.

Operator
Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

SEMPRA ENERGY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

