SolarEdge Technologies, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:SEDG
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, August 02, 2021 8:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.11

1.28

Revenue  (mm)

455.66

480.06

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-27-2021 11:58 AM GMT

15.32

5.35

1.28

4.73

6.49

503.40

1894.10

2376.90

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.85

0.88

1.01

1.11

1.21

0.98

0.98

1.28

42.35 %

11.36 %

(2.97 %)

15.32 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Ronen Faier
Chief Financial Officer

Zvi Lando
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Aric Jiang Li
BofA Securities, Research Division

Brian K. Lee
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Colin William Rusch
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Moses Nathaniel Sutton
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Philip Shen
ROTH Capital Partners, LLC,
Research Division

Jeffrey David Osborne
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

John Booth Lowe
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

ATTENDEES

Erica L. Mannion
Sapphire Investor Relations, LLC

Joseph Amil Osha
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Kasope Oladipo Harrison
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Maheep Mandloi
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Mark Wesley Strouse
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the SolarEdge Conference Call for the Second Quarter ended June 30, 2021. This call is
being webcast live on the company's website at www.solaredge.com in the Investors section on the event
calendar page. This call is the sole property and copyright of SolarEdge with all rights reserved and any
recording, reproduction or transmission of this call without the express written consent of SolarEdge
is prohibited. You may listen to a webcast replay of this call by visiting the event calendar page on the
SolarEdge investor website.

I would now like to turn the call over to Erica Mannion at Sapphire Investor Relations, Investor Relations
for SolarEdge. Please go ahead.

Erica L. Mannion
Sapphire Investor Relations, LLC

Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us to discuss SolarEdge's operating results for the second quarter
ended June 30, 2021, as well as the company's outlook for the third quarter of 2021. With me today
are Zvi Lando, Chief Executive Officer; and Ronen Faier, Chief Financial Officer. Zvi will begin with a brief
review of the results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2021. Ronen will review the financial results
for the second quarter, followed by the company's outlook for the third quarter of 2021. We will then open
the call for questions.

Please note that this call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that
could cause actual results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage
you to review the safe harbor statements contained in our press release and the slides published today for
a more complete description. All material contained in the webcast is the sole property and copyright of
SolarEdge Technologies with all rights reserved.

Please note, this presentation describes certain non-GAAP measures, including non-GAAP net income
and non-GAAP net diluted earnings per share, which are not measures prepared in accordance with
U.S. GAAP. The non-GAAP measures are presented in this presentation as we believe that they provide
investors with the means of evaluating and understanding how the company's management evaluates the
company's operating performance. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation from,
as substitutes for or superior to financial measures prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

Listeners who do not have a copy of the quarter ended June 30, 2021 press release or the supplemental
material may obtain a copy by visiting the Investors section of the company's website.

Now I will turn the call over to Zvi.

Zvi Lando
CEO & Director

Thank you, Erica. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us on our conference call. In my remarks
today, I'll discuss the trends and momentum in our different business segments, update on new product
releases, in particular, the introduction of our residential battery and at the end, discuss how we are
navigating the much talked about global supply and logistics challenges. We are happy to report record
revenues in both our solar and nonsolar segments for the second quarter of 2021.

Our total revenues this quarter were $480 million, consisting of a record $431 million from our solar
business and a record $49 million of revenue from our nonsolar business. Overall, this quarter, we shipped
5 million power optimizers and approximately 180,000 inverters. The record solar revenues reflect strong
demand for our solar products across all segments and geographies. In particular, we saw this quarter
record revenues in Europe led by record revenues in the Netherlands, Italy and Poland as well as record
revenues in what we call rest of the world, representing all regions outside of North America and Europe.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

In the U.S, this was the third consecutive quarter of growth in delivery of residential products. In U.S.
commercial, revenue grew more than 80% quarter-over-quarter. In addition to the revenue growth, we
are seeing consistent increase in sell-through and installation rates of both our residential and commercial
products globally. If in recent quarters, we discussed healthy inventories in residential and relatively high
inventory levels in commercial, today, in most channels, inventory levels are below historical normal
levels, both in residential and commercial.

On the product side, we continue to see very good acceptance of the energy hub backup ready inverter
in the U.S. residential market. And in this quarter, we began shipping the energy hub to Australia. Later
in the year, we expect to begin shipping the European version of the energy hub as well. I want to take
a couple of minutes to elaborate on the capabilities of the energy hub, which make it so attractive to our
customers. As reflected in its name, the energy hub inverter is designed to accommodate and control
multiple energy elements of the home. For example, already today, in addition to the battery, we ship
a SolarEdge EV charger as well as an electric water heater controller, all of which are controlled by the
energy hub inverters. Homeowners manage all of these functionalities through our recently released, My
SolarEdge app that has more than 2 million users to date. Referring specifically to the storage capability,
our energy hub inverter is DC-coupled with the battery in a way that maximizes utilization of the energy
coming from the solar system. The importance of the additional energy from a DC-coupled system is
critical, in particular, during backup scenarios. As we explained in the past, when the grid is down, a DC-
coupled system will harvest all of the energy generated by the modules and feed it into the battery even
when the power generated by the solar system exceeds the nameplate capacity of the inverter.

As frequencies and duration of outages are becoming more prevalent, the benefit of this architecture is
accentuated, and we see more and more homeowners benefiting from the use of this feature. In California
alone, in the past 3 months, more than 6,500 homes benefited from 45,000 hours of backup energy
provided by their SolarEdge system. On that note, as planned, we initiated shipments of our SolarEdge
energy bank residential battery to the United States and Europe. The DC-coupled 10-kilowatt hour battery
uses Samsung SDI cells and has been designed based on our knowledge and experience from more than
30,000 SolarEdge installed systems with batteries. The availability of our battery means that our installers
and homeowners can enjoy the benefit of high efficiency, easy installation and seamless integration with
our energy hub inverter that optimizes self-consumption while connected to the grid and maximizes power
during outage events. We are gradually ramping production of the battery and plan to ship between 25- to
30-megawatt hour of batteries in the third quarter.

In order to meet the strong demand, we have signed an agreement with Samsung SDI for the supply of 1-
gigawatt hour of cells to be provided in 2022. We are excited about this cooperation with a leading high-
quality cell manufacturer. From the second half of 2022, we expect to be shipping batteries based on cells
manufactured in our Sella 2 factory in Korea currently under construction. Just as we have our own Sella
1 manufacturing facility for inverters and optimizers, which gives us speed and flexibility for initial volume
of new products augmented by high volumes from contract manufacturers, we expect that Sella 2 will give
us similar flexibility for cell and battery needs for our various businesses, while cooperating with Tier 1
partners and supplying the high volumes needed to meet demand.

Moving to trends in our C&I business. As anticipated, we are seeing steady growth in cells and installations
of our commercial products. This coincides with the release of our new 120-kilowatt synergy inverter that
is targeting both rooftop and ground mount installations. We recently began shipping the 120-kilowatt
synergy inverter to the U.S., which we believe will give a boost to our recent momentum of penetration to
community solar ground mount installation segment where in recent months, we have installed more than
50 megawatts in more than 40 projects. In other regions as well, we are seeing progress in penetrating
the market of small-scale utility projects. For example, we have a 35-megawatt project currently being
installed in Japan and a 77-megawatt project in Taiwan expected to begin delivery in the third quarter.

Moving to our nonsolar business, where we reported record revenues of $49 million this quarter, primarily
driven by the ramp of production of powertrain units and batteries for the Fiat E-Ducato in Europe. We
expect these volumes to continue and increase in the coming quarters. Also contributing to the growth
in nonsolar revenue this quarter were initial deliveries by Kokam of batteries for the first of 2 utility scale
energy storage projects, 1 in Australia.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

Moving to the operational side. Like other industries, our industry is also dealing with issues around
component shortages, logistic costs and the impact of COVID. As we discussed on last quarter's call, from
a component supply point of view, the multi-store strategy we put in place several years ago enables
us to meet the current and we believe future growth in demand. At times, this comes at a higher cost
due to expedited logistics. A temporary challenge is the COVID outbreak in Vietnam. As of a couple of
weeks ago, production in our contract manufacturer's factory in Vietnam is at a reduced level due to a
government-mandated lockdown. We are mitigating the short-term challenge by increasing output in our
manufacturing facilities in China, Hungary and Israel. This will require some expedited shipments and
additional tariffs due to a higher portion of shipments coming from China to the United States. All in all,
based on current visibility, thanks to the flexibility that we have built into our operational strategy, we are
confident in our ability to continue and meet the growing demand we are experiencing for our products.

And with this, I hand it over to Ronen, who will review our financial results.

Ronen Faier
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Zvi, and good afternoon, everyone. This financial review includes a GAAP and non-GAAP
discussion. Full reconciliation of the pro forma to GAAP results discussed on this call is available on our
website and in the press release issued today.

Total revenues for the second quarter were $480.1 million, an 18% increase compared to $405.5 million
last quarter and a 45% increase compared to $331.9 million for the same quarter last year. Revenues
from the solar segment were $431.5 million, a 15% increase compared to $376.4 million last quarter.
The quarter's revenue do not include residential battery shipments, which we initiated at the end of the
quarter.

U.S. solar revenues this quarter were $175.1 million and represented 40.6% of our solar revenues. Solar
revenues from Europe were a record $200.7 million or 46.5% of our revenues, and the rest of the world
solar revenues were a record $55.7 million or 12.9% of our total solar revenues. On a megawatt basis, we
shipped 580 megawatts to the United States, 745 megawatts to Europe and 319 megawatts to the rest of
the world. 43% of this amount were commercial products, and the remaining 57% were residential.

This quarter, our top 10 solar customers represented 61.4% of our solar revenues. Two U.S. customers
accounted for more than 10% of our solar revenues. Blended ASP increased by approximately 20.5%
compared to the last quarter since the ratio of optimizers to inverters was higher than usual due to
temporary manufacturing and logistic optimization. In general, the pricing environment remained stable
this quarter, while for the third quarter, we notified our customers of a modest price increase to support
increased freight expenses.

This quarter, revenues from our nonsolar segments were a record $48.5 million. This record revenues
were led by the e-Mobility division where sales of powertrain systems to Stellantis continue to grow and
by increased sales of Kokam's lithium-ion batteries and cells. We expect the nonsolar segment revenues to
continue and grow as a proportion of the total revenues in the upcoming quarters.

GAAP gross margin for the quarter was 32.5% compared to 34.5% in the prior quarter and 31% in
the same quarter last year. Non-GAAP gross margin this quarter was 33.9% compared to 36.5% in the
prior quarter and 32.4% in the same quarter last year. Gross margin for the solar segment was 37.4%
compared to 39.7% in the prior quarter and above our long-term solar gross margin target of 36% plus/
minus 1%.

In comparison to the last quarter, solar segment gross margin was affected by approximately 150
basis points by higher logistic costs resulting from increased freight costs. This quarter, 88% of the
products imported to the United States came from nontariff manufacturing sites. Gross margin for our
nonsolar segment was positive at 3.3% compared to minus 4.7% in the previous quarter due to increased
production level of powertrains from our e-Mobility business, combined with healthy margins from the
storage business.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

On a non-GAAP basis, operating expenses for the second quarter were $81.5 million or 17% of revenues
compared to $76.2 million or 18.8% of revenues in the prior quarter and $61.1 million or 18.4% of
revenues for the same quarter last year. This increase is mainly a result of increased head count in our
R&D and sales departments as well as salary increases that came into effect on April 1. Our non-GAAP
solar operating expenses as a percentage of solar revenues were 15.8% compared to 17% last quarter.

Non-GAAP operating income for the quarter was $81.3 million compared to $71.9 million in the previous
quarter and $46.6 million for the same quarter last year. This quarter, the solar segment generated an
operating profit of $92.9 million compared to an operating profit of $85.5 million last quarter. This number
represents 21.5% of our solar revenues and is in the midpoint of our 20% to 23% long-term operating
profit model. The non-solar segment generated an operating loss of $11.6 million, an improvement
compared to an operating loss of $13.6 million in the previous quarter.

Non-GAAP financial income for the quarter was $1.7 million compared to a non-GAAP financial expense of
$6.3 million in the previous quarter due to the relatively stable foreign currency exchange rates. Our non-
GAAP tax expense was $10.5 million compared to $10.1 million in the previous quarter and $8.1 million
for the same period last year.

GAAP net income for the second quarter was $45.1 million compared to a GAAP net income of $30.1
million in the previous quarter and $36.7 million in the same quarter last year. Our non-GAAP net income
was $72.5 million compared to a non-GAAP net income of $55.5 million in the previous quarter. GAAP net
diluted earnings per share was $0.82 for the second quarter compared to $0.55 in the previous quarter
and $0.70 for the same quarter last year. Non-GAAP net diluted EPS was $1.28 compared to $0.98 in the
previous quarter and $0.97 in the same quarter last year.

Turning now to the balance sheet. As of June 30, 2021, cash, cash equivalents, bank deposits, restricted
cash deposits and investments were $1.1 billion. Net of debt, cash, cash equivalents, bank deposits,
restricted bank deposits and investments were $509.3 million. During the second quarter of 2021, we
generated $38.7 million in cash from operations and continue to invest in the construction of our Sella
2 cell factory in Korea as well as increased manufacturing capacity with our contract manufacturers.
Accounts receivable net increased this quarter to $343.7 million compared to $271.7 million last quarter.
Days sales outstanding this quarter in the solar business was 76 days, an increase from 73 days last
quarter, a result of higher revenues generated at the later part of the quarter and an increase in sales to
large customers that enjoy more favorable credit terms in the overall mix. As of June 30, our inventory
level net of reserves was at $321.9 million compared to $340 million in the prior quarter. Most of this
reduction is related to finished good levels in the solar segment, while raw materials decreased to a lower
extent in the solar segment and slightly increased in the nonsolar segment, where we continue to ramp up
production.

Moving now to our guidance for the third quarter of 2021. We expect revenues for the third quarter of
2021 to be within the range of $520 million to $540 million. Revenues of the solar segment are expected
to be within the range of $460 million and $480 million. In the third quarter, we expect to ship 25 to 30-
megawatt hour of residential storage systems to the United States and Europe as we continue to ramp the
manufacturing of this product. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be within the range of 32% to 34%.
Gross margin of the solar segment is expected to be within the range of 35% to 37%.
I will now turn the call to the operator to open it up for questions. Operator, please?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Mark Strouse with JPMorgan.

Mark Wesley Strouse
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just a high-level question. I wanted to ask you about the competitive environment. It sounds like from
your commentary that the pricing is relatively stable. But what are you seeing as far as market share? And
can you kind of broadly speak not just within smart inverters, but against your traditional string inverter
based competitors as well, just focusing on the solar side, if you can?

Zvi Lando
CEO & Director

Mark, it's -- the tracking on a quarterly basis, the market share in this industry is tough. When there
were indications that we are losing market share, we were cautious with those type of indications. And
similarly, when it seems as if we are gaining market share, I don't think we can say with confidence that
we have hard evidence to support that. The market is growing in most geographies under the current
circumstances. And when we look at the markets, we believe that we're growing at a faster pace in many
of the markets. Our focus in this regard is really about our customers. The installers that install our
equipment, we believe that if they have equipment to install, especially in this environment, chances are
that they're gaining share in their respective regions or locations. And if they're gaining share, it translates
to us gaining share. So that's really the dynamic we're focusing on is to make sure that our loyal installers
have the products that they need to serve the growing demand. And we believe that it is contributing to
positive momentum.

Mark Wesley Strouse
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then just a quick follow-up. As far as the 3Q gross margin outlook goes, can you just tell
us kind of what your assumptions are as far as transportation, logistics cost? Do you assume status quo?
Do you think things get worse, better? Just kind of what's baked in there?

Ronen Faier
Chief Financial Officer

So what's actually based is a combination of 2 elements. The first one is the freight expenses, which
stabilized at a higher level. And right now, at least, we do not see a lot of ease in this area, although
we do not see, by the way, increasing these costs. But when it comes to the cost themselves, it's also a
question of whether we will need to expedite some of the shipments due to the fact that, again, customers
will need more goods in order to install. And we will decide to use air shipments instead of ocean freight
in order to be there on time. So I think that it's not coming from the price, but actually from our decision
about how much to expedite. The second area which will affect, and I think that most of the -- if you
take the midpoint now when you compare it to the gross margin level of the second quarter, which is, of
course, obviously, that Q3 is lower. A lot of it is also related from the fact that Zvi mentioned when the
Vietnam manufacturing facility is working at reduced capacity due to the government enforced lockdowns
there, we are expanding our manufacturing in China. We're lucky to have manufacturing areas, both in
Vietnam, China, Hungary and Israel. And therefore, we can maneuver between them. But when you are
manufacturing more in China, that means that you're paying more tariffs when you enter into the United
States. And a lot of the decrease that you see in the expectation of gross margin for the next quarter is
actually coming from there. It's not necessarily just from the shipment.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

You had mentioned talking with customers about price increases. And I'm just curious in terms of just your
views on the impacts there in terms of customer willingness to pay that, sort of contractually how that is
dealt with. How do you sort of see that in terms of the impacts to your bottom line?

Zvi Lando
CEO & Director

The impact is not dramatic, the increase is in low single-digit levels, and it varies depending on the
geography as is associated with the additional logistic costs that are specific to that geography. So in
that regard, it makes the conversation very constructive and transparent. We shared with the customers
the actual increases, and we are not shifting all of the additional expense to them, but we are somehow
splitting it between us. And the customers understand that as things return to normal, so will this
additional expense. So we have a history of dealing with our customers in a transparent way, and I think it
gives us credibility when we come to them with this topic, and the dynamic has been quite smooth so far.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's really helpful. And then just shifting to storage, exciting developments in terms of your growth in
storage. You mentioned that supply agreement. Is it possible to give us a sense for the volume of capacity
total that you would have in '22? I mean we're quite bullish about the growth globally of energy storage.
So we see lots of demand around the world. I'm just curious sort of given everything you're seeing on the
positive side in terms of supply agreements, but also on the negative in terms of just all the supply chain
constraints. Can you speak at a high level to sort of how you think about your overall capacity in '22 to
deliver product to customers?

Ronen Faier
Chief Financial Officer

So in this case, actually, the capacity is going to be more dependent on the supply and the cells and the
pace of their arrival rather than our own capabilities because the battery that we've developed is our own
battery. We developed it from cells and we, of course, developed all of the mechanical and the packing
and BMS and all of the other systems around it. But that means that most of the work that we are doing
is actually the assembly based on the cells. As we mentioned on the call, first of all, we will have the
agreement with Samsung that will provide us with approximately 250-megawatt per quarter, give or take,
because, of course, there are always a little bit of shipment changes or something like this. But in general,
it should be evening across the year. And as much as we can get cells at the time that we can get cells, we
can basically turn them into batteries and ship them to the field.

Operator

We'll take the next question -- I apologize. We'll take our next question from Philip Shen with ROTH
Capital Partners.

Philip Shen
ROTH Capital Partners, LLC, Research Division

Just a follow-up there on the storage topic. I think in the prior call, you were targeting $100 million to
$150 million of revenue in 2021 for storage and $300 million in 2022. Are you able to reaffirm those
targets? I know you gave, I think, a 25- to 30-megawatt hour target for Q3, but I was wondering if you
could help translate that to the prior targets?

Ronen Faier
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. So as the answer -- the question follows the previous one, the answer actually follows the previous
question as well -- answer as well because our ability to supply is basically dependent on the supply of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

cells from Samsung in this case and our ability to turn them into cells. What we see this year is that, due
to some of the logistic challenges, we are getting cells a little bit late into the year. And therefore, it's
basically dependent on their arrival time and our processing time in order not only to manufacture them,
but also to ship them using ocean freight into the U.S. And in Europe, it's a little bit more easier. So here,
I'm not sure if we will be able to meet all of this capacity this year. However, whatever capacity we are not
going to utilize this year, we're going to basically turn into the next year. So if we're missing something
less in Q4, it will simply spill over into Q1. And since the demand, at least right now, seems to be higher
than we can manufacture, I believe that it's just a matter of splitting it between the quarters. One thing
to mention, though, of course, is also the fact that when we talk about the next year is that to this supply
agreement, we will have our own Sella 2 cells that are supposed to join at the second half of the year. And
again, if the demand is there, we will know how to turn those into revenues, which, of course, can get us
to a higher number.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Colin Rusch from Oppenheimer.

Colin William Rusch
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Given the ratio of inverters to optimizers that you're reporting, can you talk a little bit about the growth in
the commercial sector and the size of the systems that you guys are expecting to drive a lot of the growth
here in the second half?

Zvi Lando
CEO & Director

Yes, Colin. So indeed, the change in the ratio is also because of the growth in commercial and growth
in large projects in commercial and the availability of higher power inverter, all of which are translating
to more optimizers per inverter, which is part of the scalability of a DC architecture like the one that we
have. And actually, in some cases, specifically to this quarter because people wanted to the 120-kilowatt,
the new inverter, and we weren't yet at high volume, they still took the optimizers early so that they'd
begin installing them in the field because that takes a fair amount of time, and it's a task that is usually
done first and then the inverters can follow later. So that also contributed to the skewed ratio this quarter
compared to previous ones. But overall, as I discussed in the prepared remarks, we are -- the number of
large projects that we are involved in is growing nicely and in all geographies, not only in the U.S. and the
Europe, where we were traditionally strong in commercial and Australia, of course, but also in Asia Pacific,
in places like Taiwan, Thailand, beginning in Korea as well. So the momentum is positive. And definitely,
we are finding ourselves in larger and larger ground mount installations around the world.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Brian Lee with Goldman Sachs.

Brian K. Lee
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I had a couple here. First, Ronen, on the 1-gigawatt of cells from Samsung SDI in 2022, and I know that's
not completely linear, but can you give us a sense of how much of that capacity you're expecting to be
dedicated to the resi battery storage product versus other battery products in the portfolio? And then the
-- on the mix question, I just had a follow-up. If we look at sort of the price per watt metrics, it seems
like it's up a decent amount in 2Q versus 1Q. I know that has some mix element attached to it. But given
some of the moving parts here with respect to mix and then also the modest price increase you guys
have announced here for 3Q, I guess how should we think about volume trends because you've seen
sort of flattish volumes on a megawatt basis? Does that sort of revert back to a more normal sequential
increase into the third quarter? Or are we going to continue to see sort of more muted volume trends on
that megawatt basis, just given the mix issue? I just would love to understand that a little bit better for
modeling.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

Ronen Faier
Chief Financial Officer

Okay. So I'll answer one-by-one, and if I forget anything, please feel free to remind me. So with regards
to the cells coming from our supply agreement, actually, all of them are going to go into our residential
batteries. That means that, of course, if there is more demand than this amount, we can utilize once the
Sella 2 factory starts to work, the Kokam cells for this business. And if not, there are other independent
businesses that Kokam can do with those cells. But at least the Samsung cells are all designed towards
our residential battery and we hope that they will be consumed at these levels because it's a relatively
large capacity compared to what comes today to the United States. When it comes to the volumes,
actually, again, I think that this quarter, the ASP, as we said and we noted was a little bit, I would say,
artificial because when we're calculating the ASP per watt of course, it's based on the nameplate capacity
of the inverters. And when we sell more optimizers, the dollars come on the revenue, but the capacity
does not go in. And in general, I think that the more commercial you will see, you see more a ratio of
optimizers to inverters. We do expect to see volumes growing in both of them. But since you can see
that at least in the last 2, 3 quarters, even though we are improving in commercial, the ratio was lower
than in the past, then the ratio of higher amount of optimizers to inverters should be maintained in a
sense. The one thing to say, though, is that the fact that as Zvi mentioned in the previous answer, since
some of this is actually related to new inverters that are now just produced, we do have a little bit of
shifting from, let's say, Q3 into Q2 with the amount of optimizers. So it's kind of a temporary jump in the
number of optimizers that will go down in Q3. But in general, the more commercial you see and the more
improvement you see there, you will see better ratio of -- or higher ratio of optimizers to inverters. And
lastly, again, when coming to the price increases, I think that the effect here is, in general, going to be
minimal on almost all of the segments due to the fact that they are, first of all, very modest, as we said,
low single-digit percentages of increase, and therefore, we do not expect to have major impact on ASP
due to these increases. Did I forget anything?

Operator

We'll take our next question from Maheep Mandloi from Crédit Suisse.

Maheep Mandloi
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Ronen, if you could just talk about, is if you could talk about the 1-gigawatt battery cell arrangement
with Samsung. What's the duration? And is it kind of recurring in nature? And would it support the Sella 2
factory production? Or would Sella 2l kind of replace this arrangement going forward for you guys?

Zvi Lando
CEO & Director

So as we said and then clarified, it's 1-gigawatt hour of cells from Samsung to be supplied more or less
linearly over 2022 and all to be used in our residential battery. And a quick calculation will say for a 10-
kilowatt hour battery, 1-gigawatt hour of cells that translates to 100,000 batteries. This is in addition
to the cells that will begin to come out of our factory in the second half of the year. And as I explained,
as we do also in our inverter business, we have our own factory that is a very good mechanism to
accelerate initial production of new technologies. And we use lithium-ion batteries in multiple segments
and businesses. So we expect that Sella 2 will provide us both capacity of cells to meet additional demand
on top of the contract that we signed and also the ability to introduce new products and manufacture the
initial volume of those new products. So these are 2 separate sources of cells that are going into similar
products in order to give us the flexibility to meet demand and develop new products rapidly.

Operator

We'll move on to our next question from J.B. Lowe with Citi.

John Booth Lowe
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

My question was just a follow-up on some of the storage data you guys gave. When you're going to be
selling your new product, is that going to be -- are you going to be selling it exclusively with a SolarEdge
inverter? Or are you going to be selling it to -- selling it into houses that maybe have a competitor inverter
already?

Zvi Lando
CEO & Director

So it's a philosophical question that we think about. But in the foreseeable future, the demand for new
installation and add on to that, the huge installed base of our own systems that is out there such that I
think our focus will be on selling the batteries for new installations with our inverters and adding batteries
to already installed SolarEdge systems and less about the ability to attach the battery to non-SolarEdge
systems.

Operator

We'll move on to our next question from Aric Li with Bank of America.

Aric Jiang Li
BofA Securities, Research Division

Just on storage with the 25- to 30-megawatt hour expectation for 3Q. Can you talk about the ramp
expectations and the sequential improvements into 2022, given the 250-megawatt hour availability from
Samsung per quarter that you cited. How do you think about the constraining factors for ramping volumes
here?

Ronen Faier
Chief Financial Officer

So in general, as we mentioned, I think that since the part of the production that we do is mostly the, I
would call it, assembly of the battery cells in the battery, the ramp-up is supposed to be relatively simple
as it's not a very, I would call it, a complicated or capital-intensive investment that is needed by our
contract manufacturers. And therefore, the ramp is mostly, I would say, determined by the supply of
sales rather than our own ability to process them into batteries. I don't think that it's going to be linear
because by definition, the quantities that we still have for this year coming prior to the new agreement
that will start in the beginning of 2022 are not even getting closer to the 250-megawatt hour that we will
be able to provide next year per quarter. And therefore, I would assume that you should see, I would say,
almost linear increase towards the end of the year from where we started. So that means about 25- to 30-
megawatt increase in, let's say, the fourth quarter, maybe a little bit more, again, depends on the amount
of sales. And then you will see an acceleration in Q1 that will get us up to 250. I do not expect that this
will happen immediately in Q1. So I would say a kind of a linear growth of about 25- to 30-megawatts per
quarter in Q3 and Q4 of ramp, then an increase that is steeper in Q1 and then somewhere in Q2 -- middle
of Q2 at least, we should be in a sense, stabilizing at 250-megawatt hour per quarter.

Operator

We'll hear next from Kashy Harrison from Piper Sandler.

Kasope Oladipo Harrison
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

The third quarter guidance implies nonsolar gross margins of 10%, which is a significant improvement
relative to Q1 and Q2. Can you talk about what's driving the improvement in nonsolar gross margins? And
then as you think about ways to increase value for shareholders, do you think it might make sense for
SolarEdge at some point to spin out the e-Mobility business into a publicly traded equity? It seems like the
public markets are more willing to reward stand-alone stocks exposed to EVs than maybe what's implied in
your stock price.

Ronen Faier
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

Okay. So I'll start from the margin, which is the easiest question here. At least in the margin, the main
issue here is ramp. Especially in the e-Mobility area, the fixed assets or the fixed, I would call it, means of
manufacturing that we have are putting weight on the gross margin. It depends on the amount of vehicles
and powertrain units that we are delivering. And we started to really deliver substantial amounts in Q1
then, of course, we grew in Q2, and we expect to see steady growth towards Q3 and Q4. And that means
that over these next quarters, this will actually generate a situation where all of these fixed amounts
will be spread over a much larger amount of units, of course, improving the margins. In addition to this,
we also believe that there is a growth that we see in the lithium-ion business of Kokam that is already
characterized with a healthy gross margin. And the combination of one -- the shrinkage of the negative
effect of the e-Mobility plus the increase in the battery that is coming with very good margins, at least at
this stage, will help us to get to this, I would call it, positive and higher single digit to low double digits
of gross margins on all of the nonsolar. As of splitting the business of the e-Mobility, at least today, we're
not looking at the short term, I would call it, optimizations just by the way that the capital markets are
working. We truly believe that for the long term, and this was the reason that we acquired the e-Mobility
division to begin with, is that having a company that is -- basically specializes in energy -- smart energy
management and energy conversion and being able to have a one-stop shop coming from the generation
of electricity into the, I would call it, storage of electricity up to the utilization, not just by our e-Mobility
business, but also by our critical power businesses that will grow. This all provides much more value to the
shareholders as one company, at least as we see it today.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Jeff Osborne with Cowen and Company.

Jeffrey David Osborne
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Just 2 quick ones on the storage side. Can you talk about whether you expect the initial customers to
be more Tier 1s selling direct? Or would you be selling through distribution is part one of the question?
Part two is, can you talk about what efforts you're doing or already underway around training and
commissioning? Those are 2 factors that have stunted growth of other new entrants in the space so I'm
just curious how you can overcome that?

Zvi Lando
CEO & Director

So the answer for the first question, like many of the other questions is both. So -- and we also mentioned
that we already are running in parallel, both in Europe and the U.S. So it's also direct to some Tier 1
customers and also through distribution. And the answer to the second, we didn't want to elaborate on
it too much. But we did -- we are employing a mechanism of both training and certifying installers prior
to enabling them to install a SolarEdge battery, and a system to monitor and control that so that the
installations are done properly and with high quality. And of course, in the first wave of installations, we
will make every effort to have our people participate to the extent possible to give not only theoretical
training, but also hands-on and accompany the installers during their first experience with the battery.
And this is on the basis of the system that we've been employing for training on the solar or the inverter
equipment for years, and it's just a bit more deep and a bit more restrictive in the fact that we require to
be certified prior to executing an installation.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Moses Sutton with Barclays.

Moses Nathaniel Sutton
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Can you confirm on the storage product, just to continue on that. It's all fully certified UL and anything
else, it's entirely clear to ship widely?

Zvi Lando

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

CEO & Director

Yes. So the battery has the required certification to be installed indoor and outdoor in Europe and the U.S.
And I think the listings are either up or will be up shortly. I didn't check lately, but the certifications are in
that enable those type of installations.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll hear next from Joseph Osha with Guggenheim Securities.

Joseph Amil Osha
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

I'd like to ask a question, not about storage. You had talked previously about how the automotive business
might get to $120 million and change or so this year and maybe double next year. Curious in particular
as to whether that rough target still stands for next year and then to return to some of the questions on
margin. the hope that maybe as we get out of next year that we might be kind of into the low single digits
gross margin. I'm wondering if you can comment on those expectations?

Ronen Faier
Chief Financial Officer

So first of all, with regards to the quantity, we mentioned the $100 million to $120 million for this year.
We feel comfortable with this. And of course, since the -- we said that the year was mostly characterized
this year with growth. That means that, yes, once we stabilize on the higher levels, of course, we can
increase this amount in the next year. We need to remember, though, that, of course, this is also an issue
of the orders that Stellantis will have for the car itself because the fact that we can actually manufacture it
doesn't mean that it has customers, we believe that it hasn't -- there are nice customers for this vehicle.
But I think that this will be the thing that will determine the most -- what are going to be the revenues
and at least right now, we do not see a problem meeting the numbers. And I forgot, Joe, the second part
of the question.

Joseph Amil Osha
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just looking at gross margin, I think you guys have said that, that business is probably running at a
negative gross margin right now. But wondering if you can comment on what the trajectory of that is and
whether it might get to sort of gross margin breakeven as we move through next year?

Ronen Faier
Chief Financial Officer

So the answer is yes, in this case. First of all, this is a project that, in many senses, we inherited when
we acquired the e-Mobility division. And I would say that it was seeded before we acquired the company.
And when we came to actually fulfill it, we found that we need to make this product more of automotive
grade from quality, reliability and safety, and therefore, added a lot of cost. And in a sense, when we came
to this project, the cost -- the price was already locked. The cost was the only thing that we needed to
increase in order to make it a safe product. And therefore, we're relatively, I would say, at low margins
when we go to full capacity in this project. It is a profitable project, though, once you go into mass
production, it's the levels that Stellantis and I -- and we agreed upon because in general, we do not
believe that you should do business where you're losing on every unit that you're shipping. So in a sense,
the negative margin today is a kind of a learning curve that we have. It is not going to be an extremely
profitable project as a whole as long as we stay with this specific configuration. But at least once we get to
the end of the year or starting of next year when we level at the desired, I would call it, level by Stellantis,
this should be a positive single -- low single-digit project.

Operator

We'll now take a follow-up question from Moses Sutton with Barclays.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

Moses Nathaniel Sutton
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Just a quick follow-up on one of Jeff's questions. How many initial or beta systems have actually been
installed for the storage, perhaps in total or in terms of how many installers have at least installed one?

Zvi Lando
CEO & Director

It's in the range of 10s, but we're not giving the specific number.

Operator

And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back
over to Mr. Lando for any additional or closing remarks.

Zvi Lando
CEO & Director

Thank you, and thank you, everyone, for joining our call. I just want to take this opportunity to thank our
customers, employees and suppliers for their support during this period. And while I'm satisfied with our
performance and results, I'm even more excited about the opportunities that are ahead of us. So thank
you all again, and have a good day.

Operator
Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. We do thank you all for your participation. You may
now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

SOLAREDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 02, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

