Synchrony Financial NYSE:SYF
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 21, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.57

0.58

1.75

0.72

2.31

3.56

Revenue  (mm)

3204.65

3061.00

(4.48 %)

3194.87

12936.66

13030.64

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-21-2020 12:50 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.96

1.13

1.07

0.57

0.97

1.22

1.10

0.58

1.04 %

7.96 %

2.80 %

1.75 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian D. Doubles
President

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Gregory W. Ketron
Senior VP & MD of Investor
Relations

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

David Michael Scharf
JMP Securities LLC, Research
Division

Dominick Joseph Gabriele
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Donald James Fandetti
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

John Hecht
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Ryan Allen Cary
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Vincent Albert Caintic
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to the Synchrony Financial First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Vanessa,
and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is
being recorded.

I will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Ketron, Director of Investor Relations. Greg, you may begin.

Gregory W. Ketron
Senior VP & MD of Investor Relations

Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our quarterly earnings conference call. Thanks
for joining us.

In addition to today's press release, we have provided a presentation that covers the topics we plan to
address during our call. The press release, detailed financial schedules and presentation are available on
our website, synchronyfinancial.com. This information can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations
section of the website.

Before we get started, I want to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking
statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty, and actual results could differ
materially. We list the factors that might cause actual results to differ materially in our SEC filings, which
are available on our website.

During the call, we'll refer to non-GAAP financial measures in discussing the company's performance. You
can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our materials for today's call.

Finally, Synchrony Financial is not responsible for and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our
earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third parties. The only authorized webcasts are located on
our website.

On the call this morning are Margaret Keane, Brian Wenzel and Brian Doubles. I will now turn the call over
to Margaret.

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. Today, our country and the world are facing an unprecedented
global pandemic. I want to start by first thanking all of those working around the clock, especially our
health care professionals and first responders on the front line as well as those behind the scenes,
including our dedicated employees who are working to serve our customers and partners.

While all of us have been impacted in different ways and we may suffer from sadness and loss, I am also
encouraged and inspired by the resolve of our society to come together in this crisis. I've seen much
goodness, selfless acts and community support. It is certainly one of the things I hope continues long after
this is done. I also commit to our employees, our partners, our customers and our communities, we will
continue to do all we can to support you.

This global health crisis is challenging us as individuals and as leaders. It is also challenging companies
to execute in an extraordinarily difficult environment. And one more word of thanks here to the leaders
in Synchrony who have stepped up in so many extraordinary ways through this incredibly difficult time.
Thank you.

Our company was founded in the 1930s as we began financing refrigerators in the Great Depression,
and Synchrony has faced many other difficult periods, most recently, the great financial crisis in 2009.
It is the combination of our heritage, strong culture and our talented associates that will enable us to
use our strength to navigate these uncertain times, protect our employees and continue to deliver for

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

our cardholders, retailers, merchants and providers. Later in the call, I will provide greater detail in our
response to the COVID-19 outbreak. But first, let me share with you our results for the first quarter.

First quarter earnings were $286 million or $0.45 per diluted share. This included an increase in provision
for credit losses as a result of the CECL implementation in January. The increase attributable to CECL was
$101 million or $76 million after tax, which reduced EPS by $0.13.

We generated solid growth in several key areas during the quarter. On a core basis, which excludes
Walmart and Yamaha portfolio, loan receivables grew 4%, which drove a 5% increase in interest and
fees. Purchase volume increased 6%, and average active accounts increased 4%. The efficiency ratio was
32.7% for the quarter.

We grew deposits over $500 million or 1% over last year. And although we slowed the growth of deposits
given the excess liquidity from the Walmart portfolio sale, we did continue to grow lower-cost direct
deposits at 3% rate over the prior year. Our direct deposit platform remains an important funding source
for our growth, and we continue to invest in our bank to help attract new deposits and retain existing
customers.

We extended and added partnership. We renewed several key relationships, and we added to our growing
CareCredit network. We continue to be excited and are working closely with Verizon and Venmo to launch
these new programs during 2020. While the ultimate launch date for the programs will be dependent
on how the curve environment develops, we anticipate a midyear launch for Verizon and a launch in the
second half for Venmo.

We continue to remain highly focused on digital innovation, accelerating our data analytics capabilities
and creating frictionless customer experiences, which are key to the success of our programs and winning
new relationships. Driving digital sales penetration is key to our success. In Retail Card, digital sales
penetration was 41% in the first quarter and digital applications were 56% of our total applications. The
mobile channel alone grew 34% compared to the same quarter last year, excluding Walmart.

During the quarter, we repurchased $1 billion of Synchrony common stock and paid $135 million or $0.22
per share in common stock dividend. We are pleased with the strength of our business. However, we did
experience a significant reduction in purchase volumes from COVID-19 in the second half of March, which
Brian will cover later in the call.

The ultimate impact from this crisis is very difficult to quantify right now, with the duration and magnitude
still largely unknown. However, we believe we have an advantageous position to navigate through this
uncertain time. Our portfolio is well positioned from a credit perspective given changes we have made
since the great financial crisis, in addition to some of the more surgical modifications we've made in recent
years.

Further, our RSAs have historically proven to be an effective buffer during times of stress. We have a
partner-centric business model and are more nimble than ever, giving us the ability to rapidly implement
changes and enhancements. We have also built a robust data lake that gives us access to information
across the business at an unprecedented level. Combine that with our analytics capabilities, and we have
another powerful tool to help our partners manage through this period. The digital capabilities we've built,
which have helped us win important digital partners, are another crucial tool in empowering our partners
across the business to manage through this time by helping them to shift volume to online and mobile
channels.

Now I would like to spend some time focusing on the actions Synchrony has taken for our employees,
partners and communities. We have taken these actions in the spirit of assisting the communities in which
we live and operate to assist in stemming the global health crisis while still meeting the needs of our
cardholders, retailers, merchants and providers. Each action we have taken has been with empathy and
consideration for each constituency, and we will continue to act as this crisis evolves.

Our employees are the strength of our company. We moved quickly and decisively to put actions in place
that supports the health, wellness and safety of our colleagues across the globe. We are implementing a
plan for 100% work from home structure. In the U.S., employees from across our company, from support

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

functions through our frontline contact center associates, are all working from home. This has allowed us
to stabilize our operations and service our customers while keeping our employees safe.

We are assisting our associates by covering the cost of co-pays for virtual doctor visits for any employee
who wishes to consult a medical professional and enhancing our benefits to include expanded backup
emergency care benefits so that our colleagues have the childcare or eldercare support needed. We are
also providing financial planning and employee assistance along with wellness programs.

For our contact center associates, we provided a onetime special bonus to thank them for their essential
role they are playing in assisting our customers every single day without missing a beat. In addition, we
are setting up an emergency fund to help our associates deal with unexpected financial challenges, which
may impact them during this period.

For consumers that are experiencing financial hardship, we have the ability to assist these cardholders
during this extremely difficult period. We will waive fees and interest charges or we can extend
promotional financing periods. We will also waive minimum payments on existing balances for certain
qualifying accounts. With those seeking the ability to expand their line for necessary purchases, we will
evaluate credit limits if they meet our credit criteria.

Many of our partners have been with us for decades, and we have been there to help them grow their
businesses. We are now here to help them protect it. We have taken an aggressive approach to ensure we
continue to provide our partners and their customers with dependable service and products that they can
use during this time of disruption.

Our investments in making all of our digital assets fast and easy to use are helping them to serve their
customers. And our relationship managers are actively helping them, and there has been no disruption
to their availability to our partners. Our agile structure is helping to foster real-time solutions, and our
dedicated teams are tirelessly working to support our partners and their customers.

The communities where we live and work are such a core part of the fabric of Synchrony's culture. That's
why we've committed $5 million to help local and national organizations assist those areas of the country
most affected by COVID-19. We will be supporting groups like Feeding America and Meals On Wheels in
the U.S. as well as organizations in Puerto Rico, India and the Philippines.

Also, our employees have contributed numerous hours to Synchrony's Gear Up initiative. Employees have
engaged in our communities to assist in making certain protective devices such as face shields using 3D
printing as well as selling gowns and masks through our network of cardholders who are actively engaged
in the sewing community where we have a number of partners who sell sewing machines. We have also
leveraged our CareCredit network, and Synchrony is serving as a location in our communities where
people can donate PPE items, and we are engaging in the transfer of items of need to various medical
facilities.

We are facing an extraordinary and unprecedented time, but Synchrony has the strength, the resources
and the resolve to fight this global health crisis for our employees, partners, customers and communities.
Having been in business for nearly a century, we have navigated various times of economic uncertainty by
maintaining our focus on supporting our associates, partners and their customers, while also continuing to
invest in our businesses for the long term. I am proud of what actions we have taken for our constituents,
and I have confidence that through the strength of our business model and balance sheet, we will continue
to navigate this crisis successfully while maintaining our focus on the significant opportunities in our
business, our long-term objective and strategic initiatives.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian Wenzel to review some of the key business trends we are seeing,
the financial performance for the quarter and views on a framework to help consider the impact of
COVID-19 on our key outlook drivers.

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Thanks, Margaret, and good morning, everyone. First, let me echo Margaret's thanks for everyone who is
working to keep our communities safe and secure, from our health care workers, first responders to those
in grocery stores or working on vaccines. The selflessness and dedication of these workers is all inspiring
and deeply appreciated. In addition, I want to thank our employees around the world who are all adjusting
to new ways of working to continue to serve our partners and customers. Thank you.

Now turning to our financial results for the first quarter. I'll start on Slide 4 of the presentation. Before
I move into the first quarter results, I want to cover some of the early trends we're seeing from the
impact of COVID-19 from a purchase volume perspective as well as key aspects of our business that are
important to highlight given the current environment we are now facing.

Slide 4 shows year-over-year purchase volume growth for the total company as well as for world sales
from our dual and co-branded cards for January, February and March. March is split between the first half
of the month and then the second half where the impact related to COVID-19 increased significantly.

Purchase volume growth was strong through mid-March with double-digit growth for both total company
and world sales volumes.

In the second half of March, as mandates increased at the federal and state levels, travel, entertainment
and event activity were significantly curtailed, and a high number of deemed nonessential retail stores
closed. As a result, purchase volume for both the total company and world sales declined significantly
decreasing by 26% and 27%, respectively, in the second half of March. The trends are continuing into
April.

Looking at the year-over-year growth rates of world sales by category during the pre-travel restriction
period, defined as the month of January, and then the growth post-travel restriction period through the
end of the first quarter. We experienced changes in spend categories similar to overall industry trends.
Grocery, discount, drug store spend increased significantly post January, while restaurants, entertainment,
gas and specialty travel declined significantly during the same period.

While restaurants, entertainment, gas and travel were significantly impacted, only 27% of the 2019 world
sales were incurred in these categories. Obviously, these are trends that will impact our purchase volume
and loan receivable growth going forward. The ultimate impact is still uncertain given the duration and the
magnitude of this pandemic is still largely unknown at this point.

Moving to Slide 5. We highlight the higher quality asset base today versus our 2008 asset base going into
the great financial crisis. This is a direct result of our strategy to improve asset quality through disciplined
underwriting and advances we've made in our underwriting processes that have been very effective in
managing overall credit quality.

I'd like to highlight various aspects of our credit management program. First, we have a very experienced
credit team, and we are very disciplined in our approach to underwriting. Second, we control all
underwriting and credit decisions in our programs and across our sales platforms. Our credit strategies are
tailored to the partner industry in which we operate and is unique by channel for origination and account
management.

As shown on the left side of the page, using FICO as comparative measure, 73% of the portfolio has a
FICO score above 660 and compared to 61% in 2008. More importantly, in the higher loss generating
FICO range of 600 or lower, we've reduced our exposure to 9% of the portfolio compared to 19% in 2008.
This is a significant improvement in portfolio quality. We shifted 12% of the portfolio from balances at or
below 660 FICO to above 660 FICO, with a 4% increase in balances with FICOs that are 721 or higher.

As we exited the great financial crisis, we made the strategic decision to improve the credit quality of our
portfolio, and this is reflected in the quality of our new account origination mix since 2010. Over 80% of
the accounts we have originated since 2010 have FICOs above 660, with 45% of the accounts having FICO
721 or higher. Less than 1% of what we originated had FICOs that were 600 or lower.

We are also using advanced underwriting techniques in managing the portfolio. Some examples of these
are: for account acquisition, we're utilizing up to 16 different data sources and more than 4,000 attributes

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

to evaluate creditworthiness and to authenticate customer identity. We are employing a multi-algorithmic
approach to target-specific outcomes, credit, fraud, synthetic IDs and other malicious behavior as well
as leveraging client-specific data to use customer engagement with our partners to assign more effective
credit lines.

For account management, we're continuing to utilize internal and credit bureau triggers to dynamically
reevaluate a customer's creditworthiness to manage credit exposure as well as leveraging the latest
technology to passively authenticate customers and more selectively target at-risk behavior. This is
evident in the improved purchase volume mix from the time we deployed these underwriting techniques
in 2016. The chart on the right-hand side of the page shows the improvement of the purchase volume mix
from first quarter '16, which shows 65% of the purchase volume mix being at a 721-plus FICO for the first
quarter compared to 61% in the first quarter of 2016.

Finally, it should be noted that our portfolio is well diversified by industry, and we've been growing
Payment Solutions and CareCredit portfolios at a faster rate than Retail Card, and we don't have any
significant geographic concentrations. In summary, we have substantially improved the asset quality of our
portfolio compared to the portfolio we had during the great financial crisis. We have developed better tools
and capabilities and can deploy underwriting changes more quickly and with greater efficacy than ever
before.

Slide 6 shows you a longer-term view on how we perform from a loss perspective, dating back to the great
financial crisis when loss rate for card issuers peaked in 2009. The general perception is that private label
credit cards will perform slightly worse than general purpose cards in periods of higher credit losses. But
you can see in the top chart that our credit performance was relatively in line with general purpose card
issuers in the 10% to 11% loss range in 2009 on a managed basis.

One of the keys to the loss experience being similar is that the severity of loss is lower for us due to the
average balance being generally lower than general purpose cards. For the first quarter, the average
balance per active account was $1,171, which is flat to last year. If you look at this on a risk-adjusted
yield basis, we outperformed the general purpose card peers by a wide margin through the crisis, with
a risk-adjusted yield running over 700 basis points higher than the peer group. As we move beyond the
cycle and losses have declined, our risk-adjusted yield outperformance compared to general purpose card
issuers has remained over 600 basis points post crisis.

RSAs also provide a buffer. This was evident in 2009 and, again, beginning 2016 through 2018 as credit
costs increased, as shown in the chart in the lower right-hand corner of Slide 6. While the driver of the
countercyclical nature of RSAs are credit-related, other factors also impact the RSAs such as program
revenue, expenses and mix.

In 2009, RSAs as a percentage of average receivables declined to 1.6%, 64% below the more normalized
RSA average of 4.43% for 2013 through 2016. The strong risk-adjusted yield and countercyclical nature
of RSAs were important elements in our ability to remain profitable through the great financial crisis
as both highlight the earnings resiliency of our business model. The company generated around a 1%
return on assets at the height of the crisis in 2009. Given the items I've highlighted earlier, while we're
not expecting a level of charge-offs resulting from the current situation to be similar to the great financial
crisis, we felt it was important to give you some historical context on the key elements that sets our
business apart from others in the industry.

Moving to the first quarter financial results on Slide 7. This morning, we reported first quarter earnings of
$286 million or $0.45 per diluted share. This included an increase in the provision for credit losses as a
result of the implementation of CECL in January. The increase was $101 million or $76 million after tax,
which reduced EPS by $0.13.

We generated solid year-over-year growth in several areas, as noted on Slide 8. On a core basis, which
excludes the Walmart and Yamaha portfolios, loan receivables were up 4% and interest and fees on loan
receivables were up 5%, driven by growth in receivables. On a core basis, purchase volume was 6% and
average active accounts increased 4% over last year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

On Slide 8, we've included dual and co-branded card purchase volumes and loan receivable balances to
provide the level of diversification we have to these products. Dual and co-branded cards account for 38%
of total purchase volume in the first quarter and grew 8% over prior year. They accounted for 24% of the
total loan receivables portfolio and grew 6% over the prior year. Overall, we're pleased with the underlying
growth we generated across the business.

As I noted earlier, the impact of COVID-19 accelerated as we moved through the quarter, with most of
the impact occurring late in the quarter. We are expecting a more substantial impact this quarter, but
given the duration and the magnitude is still largely unknown at this point, it is difficult to provide a more
precise forecast of the impact.

RSAs decreased $28 million or 3% from last year. RSAs as a percentage of average receivables were
4.4% for the quarter, at the lower end of the range we expected in the first quarter due to higher credit
loss reserve build. The provision for credit losses increased to $818 million or 95% from last year. The
increase was primarily driven by the Walmart credit loss reserve reduction last year that totaled $522
million. A higher reserve build in the first quarter, partially offset by lower net charge-offs, accounted for
the remaining increase.

The reserve build in the first quarter was $552 million and largely due to the projected impact of
COVID-19-related losses. Other income increased $5 million. Other expense was down $41 million or 4%
due to cost reductions from Walmart, partially offset by higher operational losses and expenses related to
the COVID-19 response. So overall, the company continued to generate solid results in the first quarter
outside of the impacts from COVID-19.

I will take a moment to highlight our platform results on Slide 9. In Retail Card, core loan receivable
growth was 3%, with solid growth driven primarily by our digital partners. Other metrics were down,
driven by the sale of the Walmart portfolio.

Payment Solutions delivered a strong quarter with broad-based growth across the sales platform and
strength in home furnishings and home specialty that resulted in core loan receivable growth of 7%.
Interest and fees on loans increased 3%, primarily driven by the loan receivable growth. Purchase volume
and average active accounts increased 2%.

We signed a number of new partners and renewed key partnerships this quarter. We continue to drive
growth organically through our partnerships and card networks. These networks, along with other
initiatives such as driving higher card reuse, which now stands at approximately 30% of purchase volume
excluding oil and gas, helps us to drive solid results.

CareCredit also delivered another strong quarter. Receivable growth of 7% was led by our dental and
veterinary specialties. Interest and fees on loans increased 9%, primarily driven by the loan receivable
growth. Purchase volume was up 2%, and average active accounts increased 5%.

We continue to expand our network and the utility of our card as we've added over 2,000 new provider
locations to our network during the quarter. The network expansion has helped to drive the reuse rate to
56% of purchase volume in the first quarter.

We did start to see the effects of COVID-19 on the platform results as the quarter progressed. In Retail
Card, while store closing impacted results, we also saw a strong growth in digital purchase volume
that helped offset some of the COVID-19 impact. In Payment Solutions, while store closings had less
pronounced impact, promotional offerings and the growth in areas such as home specialty helped mitigate
some of this impact. For CareCredit, we continue to see good performance in areas such as veterinary,
partially offset by reductions in elective procedures. We do expect the effects will carry into the next
quarter and be more pronounced as many of the store closings occurred during the latter part of March.

I'll move to Slide 10 and cover our net interest income and margin trends. Net interest income decreased
8% from last year, primarily driven by a 7% decrease in interest and fees on loan receivables due to the
sale of the Walmart portfolio. On a core basis, interest and fees on loans increased 5%.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

The net interest margin was 15.15% compared to last year's margin of 16.08%. The main factors driving
the margin performance were: a decline in loan receivables mix as a percent of total earning assets, the
mix declined from 84.4% to 81.7%, driven by higher liquidity during the quarter that mainly resulted
from the proceeds of the Walmart portfolio sale in October of last year; a 47 basis point decrease in loan
receivables yield to 20.67%, primarily driven by the sale of the Walmart portfolio; partially offset by a 14
basis point decrease in total interest-bearing liabilities cost at 2.50%, primarily driven by lower benchmark
rates.

Next, I'll cover our key credit trends on Slide 11. In terms of specific dynamics in the quarter, I'll start
with the delinquency trends. The 30-plus delinquency rate was 4.24% compared to 4.92% last year, and
the 90-plus delinquency rate was 2.10% compared to 2.51% last year. If you exclude the impact of the
Walmart portfolio, the 30-plus delinquency rate was down approximately 15 basis points and the 90-plus
delinquency rate was down approximately 5 basis points compared to last year.

Focusing on net charge-off trends. The net charge-off rate was 5.36% compared to 6.06% last year. The
reduction in net charge-off rate was primarily driven by Walmart and improving credit trends. Excluding
the impact of the Walmart portfolio, net charge-off rate was approximately 15 basis points lower than last
year. This was better than expectation of around a 50 basis point increase from the fourth quarter net
charge-off rate of 5.15%.

The allowance for credit losses as a percent of loan receivables was 11.13% post CECL implementation,
which included a $3.02 billion day 1 transition adjustment. Excluding the effects of CECL, the allowance
under the ALLL method would have been 7.34%. The reserve build in the first quarter was $552 million
under CECL and $451 million under the ALLL method. The overall reserve provisioning was higher than
expected due to the impact of COVID-19, which accounted for most of the reserve build in the first
quarter.

In summary, the first quarter credit trends were slightly better than our expectations excluding the
COVID-19 impact. We expect credit trends will be impacted by this as we move forward. The extent of
the impact is difficult to assess at this point, given the uncertainty around the duration and the magnitude
of the pandemic as well as the potential hits from the CARES Act and our efforts providing related to
cardholders impacted by COVID-19.

Moving to Slide 12. I'll cover expenses for the quarter. Overall expenses came in at $1 billion, down $41
million or 4% from last year. The decline was driven by cost reductions from Walmart. This was partially
offset by higher expenses attributable to operational losses and certain expenditures related to our
response to COVID-19. The efficiency ratio for the quarter was 32.7% versus 31% last year. Excluding the
impact from operational losses and the COVID-19-related expenses, the efficiency ratio was flat compared
to the prior year.

Moving to Slide 13. Over the last year, we've grown our deposits over $500 million or 1%. This puts
deposits at 79% of our funding compared to 75% last year. While we slowed the overall deposit growth in
the first quarter given the excess liquidity from the Walmart portfolio sale in the fourth quarter of last year,
we did continue to grow our lower-cost direct deposits at a slightly higher 3% pace over the prior year.
Total liquidity, including undrawn credit facilities, was $24.8 billion, which equated to over 25% of our total
assets. This is up from 22% last year.

Before I provide detail on our capital liquidity position, it should be noted that we're electing to take the
benefit of the transition rules issued by the joint federal banking agencies in March, which had 2 primary
benefits. First, it delays the effects of the transition adjustment for an incremental 2 years; and second,
allows for a portion of the current period provisioning under CECL to be deferred and amortized with the
transition adjustment. With this framework, we ended the first quarter at 14.3% CET1 under the CECL
transition rules, near the same level as last year. Tier 1 capital ratio was 15.2% under the CECL transition
rules compared to 14.5% last year, reflecting the preferred stock issuance last November.

The total capital ratio increased 70 basis points as well to 16.5%, also reflecting the preferred issuance.
And the Tier 1 capital ratio plus reserves ratio on a fully phased-in basis increased to 24.1%, a 280 basis

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

point increase over the prior year reflecting the increase in reserves as a result of implementing CECL and
the preferred stock issuance.

During the quarter, we continued to execute on the capital plan we announced last May. We paid a
common stock dividend of $0.22 per share and repurchased $1 billion or 33.6 million shares of common
stock during the first quarter. At the end of the first quarter, we had $366 million of remaining share
repurchase capacity of the $4 billion authorized plan for the current capital plan cycle. Given the current
economic uncertainty and being as prudent as possible, we've made the decision to halt further share
repurchases under this plan until we have greater visibility of the depth and magnitude of the current
environment.

Overall, we continue to execute on the strategy that we outlined previously. We're committed to
maintaining a very strong balance sheet with diversified funding sources and operating with strong capital
and liquidity levels.

In closing, we normally provide updates to our outlook. Given the number of uncertainties that exist
regarding the severity and the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and the countering impacts of actions
such as the CARES Act, payment assistance for our customers and whatever government and regulatory
actions that may have, it's very difficult to assess the ultimate impact at this time. As a result, our
expectations have changed versus the outlook we provided in January, and that guidance should no longer
be relied upon.

Since the duration and magnitude of the current environment is uncertain, we can't provide any ranges
around the key outlook drivers for 2020, but I want to provide a framework to help consider the impacts
on our key outlook drivers. Regarding loan receivable growth, COVID-19 has a significant impact on the
purchase volume, particularly late in the first quarter. We anticipate continued deterioration of purchase
volume on a year-over-year basis until the situation improves, presumably later this year. What may
help mitigate some of this impact is growth in digital, and we're well positioned for this through our
digital partners as well as leveraging our expertise to help other partners and providers. The overall net
deterioration of purchase volume will ultimately impact our receivable growth rate.

When considering net interest margin, we will be impacted by the reduction in prime rates resulting from
the Fed rate cuts, a reduction in investment income from our liquidity portfolio as well as the potential
impact of forbearance in terms of interest and fee waivers for a temporary period of time. Partially
offsetting the margin compression is the expected higher interest income generated from an increase
in the number of accounts that revolve in the loan receivable portfolio and lower interest expense as
benchmark rates are lower.

Finally, it should be noted we also share the impact of revenues and funding costs through the RSA.
Regarding RSAs, in addition to sharing the net interest income impacts, we'll also see a more pronounced
impact from higher credit costs as we move through the year. Also, as we noted in January, the impact of
CECL on RSAs will be more fully realized in the second half of the year.

While we expect an increase in net charge-off rate as the year progresses, it should be noted that the
overall portfolio quality and credit trends as we entered this pandemic are strong and the tools and
capabilities that we have are more advanced than in the great financial crisis, which were highlighted
earlier in the call.

Finally, we also believe higher recoveries will ultimately materialize, partially mitigating the impact of
higher losses. Similar to revenue, we also showed the impact of higher credit costs through the RSA. While
we expect the reserve builds to be higher than original expectations, until we gain more visibility into
the duration and severity of the current pandemic, we cannot provide more specific guidance. Once we
have greater visibility, we'll be in a better position to define the expected charge-off and reserve build
expectations going forward.

Regarding the efficiency ratio, activity levels will impact revenue and expense levels, and we will look
to mitigate some of this impact through expense reduction opportunities. We will continue to assess the
situation and provide guidance when we have greater visibility into the effects of the current environment.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Fundamentally, the business remains strong and is resilient, and we go into this situation with a strong
balance sheet, capital and liquidity position.

With that, I'll turn the call back over to Margaret.

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

Thanks, Brian. I'll provide a quick wrap-up, and then we'll open the call to Q&A.

We continue to believe that the strength in our business model and the resiliency of our associates will
help us navigate this global health crisis. We are focused on continuing to execute for our retailers,
merchants and providers and support our cardholders with empathy during this difficult period. We are
focused on execution today, but also focused on continuing to make strategic investments in our business
to build on our strength to deliver the products and services our customers will expect beyond this period.

Thank you for participating on the call today. And I want to wish you and your families all the very best as
we continue to deal with this very difficult situation.

I'll now turn the call back to Greg to open up the Q&A.

Gregory W. Ketron
Senior VP & MD of Investor Relations

That concludes our comments on the quarter. We will now begin the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions]
If you have additional questions, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call.
Operator, please start the Q&A session.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from John Hecht with Jefferies.

John Hecht
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I'm just wondering. Brian, you guys cited your volumes and sales down about 25%, 26% in the second
half of March. Just trying to think about modeling through the near-term quarters. Is that the type of
contraction you're seeing thus far through April? And how do we think about kind of what you've seen thus
far in April?

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, John. From the back half of March, which was down, again, about 26%, it accelerated
slightly. So we're running in the range down 30% to 35% pretty consistently for the first part of April.
Again, when you think about the world spend categories, we highlighted in the earnings chart, they're very
similar with regard to being down in travel, gas and entertainment, a little stronger in grocery, drug store,
et cetera. But again, that's just on the dual card, but the strength of the digital assets, we do have some
retailers that are deemed essential that are open. And clearly, the digital and e-commerce is continuing to
drive it. So it's pretty steady in that net 30% decline year-over-year.

John Hecht
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. Great. That's very helpful. And second question, just trying to think about the context of this versus
the Great Recession. Where -- I guess what -- in your economic models that have driven your -- the
allowance levels, what level of kind of unemployment are you contemplating at this point in time? Or how
do we think about the economic assumptions relative to the 2009 period?

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Sure, John. So let me kind of go through how we think about or how we thought about this quarter in
building the ACL reserve. As you know, the economic assumptions vary pretty widely across many of the
institutions that provide that. We don't come up with our own assumptions, we use external assumptions.
So given the variation that we saw across many institutions, we modeled several different scenarios and
looked at several different scenarios in how they would perform relative to our book. And then we settled
in on a set of assumptions from one place that really looked at an unemployment rate approaching 10%
for the second quarter as kind of the peak. And then a second half recovery, where unemployment goes
down to around 7% and then a very kind of more gradual decline in '21 and gets back to probably about a
4.5% unemployment as you think about it in '22.

With that, bankruptcies rising about 15% and staying elevated for the next couple of years was also a very
key assumption in that. And then a significant contraction in GDP for the second quarter, again, with the
second half recovery, but obviously being down for the full year. So that's kind of how we thought about it.

Now when you take that and go back to the great financial crisis, very, very different set of scenarios
where you had a consumer that was stressed, you had unemployment lag, you do not have the timing and
the amount of the stimulus coming through to the consumer. So it's a pretty different scenario to try to
compare back to it.

And then if you really go back and look at the portfolio, John, the portfolio is fundamentally different.
Obviously, Walmart's gone. The amount of assets that we have above 660 has shifted significantly. The

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

amount of -- an amount we've invested in our advanced underwriting, the tools and technology is very,
very different.

So we feel comfortable as we kind of sit here today that the portfolio is in a very good credit quality. Up
until mid-March, we actually saw our credit quality improving or continuing to improve year-over-year,
which was positive to us. So the consumer came in, in great strength. We have this kind of economic
situation really coming out of the pandemic, and then we have a kind of stimulus flowing through. So very,
very different from our perspective.

Operator

We have our next question from Moshe Orenbuch with Crédit Suisse.

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I was hoping that you could kind of just give a little bit of a little more kind of detail around what you
would like to achieve with the deferments and how it's going to work? Like any kind of granularity about
what people are asking for? What are you giving? And what do you see as the percentage of a portfolio
that's likely to be in that bucket in at some future points, say, end of the second quarter?

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Sure. So let me break down the forbearance that we're providing to our customers. So the first thing that
we're doing is if a customer calls in and that had been impacted, if they're asking for a waiver of a late fee
or interest charges, we are waiving those. For qualifying accounts, we also will waive the min payment.
So if actually defer the min payment on the account for up to 3 months and kind of hold them in their due
stage of their current, bring them back if they're too due to current. So really give them the opportunity to
kind of get their situation a little bit more -- we're -- we also, in the promotional book, are extending for
periods of up to 90 days the deferral of the expiration of the promo.

So those are the primary forms of relief that we're providing to those people. So if you look at how many
people have taken advantage of that, for us, it's about 800,000 accounts to date and about $1.6 billion in
balances. So if you think about it, a small percentage yet have taken advantage of the program, and we
have not seen a tremendous amount of people needing that min pay deferral at this point. But again, we'll
continue to offer that to help our cardholders through this time.

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Got you. And maybe just can you talk a little bit, either, Brian, you or Margaret, about just the discussions
you're having with your retail partners now and what it is they're asking from you? And what are you
asking from them?

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

Yes. So I'd say right out of the gate, probably the biggest thing was really stabilization of the operation.
Obviously, one of the things we worked hard to do, which was pretty miraculous, actually, was to get our
employees all work from home, including our call center. So we're pretty close to a 100% work at home
right now.

So from a servicing level, we're meeting and making sure we're exceeding the service levels for our
customers. And I think that was really important. We kind of have a mixed bag here because we have
retailers who are opening and servicing customers. We have very big online partners who are servicing
their customers. And then we have retailers who have actually closed. So I would say all our teams are
highly focused on both our retail partners and our providers, having the relationship managers connecting
with them.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Obviously, they're -- they want to make sure that we're reacting in the right way for their end consumer
and doing the right things both from a forbearance perspective but also from a credit perspective. And
we're in daily dialogues with them. I would say we feel pretty good about where we are. We got a pretty
nice note from one of our partners, who was really thrilled to see how we've been able to service their
customers through this. So highly engaged, we're not sitting back, we're having those conversations and
making sure that we have clear dialogue all along the way.

Operator

We have our next question from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.

Donald James Fandetti
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Brian, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit. You had mentioned the unemployment assumption you
have is around 10%. I assume that's higher in April. Can you sort of flesh that out? And if you look at your
allowance at around 11%, I would assume that needs to go higher. Can you talk about the reserve build,
let's say, in Q2 versus Q1? That would be helpful.

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

So as you think about it, really, under the CECL methodology and ACL, we, obviously use a set of
assumptions at the point in time, which we make the estimate for the reserve. As we stepped into April,
again, there's a pretty wide disparity among people with regard to peak unemployment that will happen
in the second quarter. But again, a lot of it -- one of the most important parts is what does the recovery
period look like? And from that peak, as you move down, how quickly does it move down? And how does
it move down? So most certainly, the development of the retail landscape, the development of how the
consumer and the stimulus bridges people through this period of time is going to be critical.

If you kind of follow through and say yes, there is a deterioration in the assumptions on the
unemployment peak in that recovery period and the effects of the stimulus, then that there would be
higher reserve posts coming in the second quarter, but we're only 20 days into the quarter at this point,
Don. So I really can't give you, with clarity, the exact reserve post we would see. We need to see how
those assumptions really develop here in the second quarter as we move through it. Again, that recovery
period and the effects of the stimulus are really important attributes.

Operator

And we have our next question from Ryan Cary with Bank of America.

Ryan Allen Cary
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Given all the moving pieces, I hope you can provide a little more insight into how you're seeing the pace
of charge-offs ramping. While I understand determining the magnitude itself is hard to predict with the
forbearance plans and government support programs all as equal, is it fair to assume that charge-offs
will be pushed out further than they would otherwise? And how are you thinking about potential impact,
assuming unemployment is elevated for a couple of quarters versus a couple of months?

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes, Ryan, and thank you for your wishes. So as we think about it today, obviously, the forbearance, which
isn't -- hasn't been that much for us, could delay potential net charge-offs. Again, I think the stimulus
package will help bridge some consumers here for a period of time. We would begin to expect that you
would see charge-offs really begin to elevate in the latter part of the third quarter, probably the fourth
quarter and into 2021. Again, the magnitude of that, we think we've covered in our ACL reserve here at
the end of the first quarter. But the timing of that's really going to depend again on this peak and how the
recovery begins to come out as we develop here in the second quarter, to be honest with you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Ryan Allen Cary
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. And I was hoping you could spend some time on the discussions you're having with retailers around
signing new programs or renewing partnerships. I know you called out a couple during the quarter. But
how does the current environment impact the prospect pipeline? And can you discuss the impacts of the
pace of new business deals, both in 2020 and beyond?

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

Yes. Believe it or not, there are deals in the pipeline, and we are having conversations and we are bidding
on deals. I would say things -- conversations maybe have slowed a little bit just as people have been
trying to deal with all the challenges facing. But we feel pretty good about the pipeline that's there.
We've been able to be, I think, and going to be very discriminatory on the things we do look at to make
sure they fit where we want to go with the business. But I would say, in all 3 platforms, we've had good
activity. And we'll, I think, continue to have that good activity. We'll have to see as the rest of the year
progresses, but right now, we do have a decent pipeline.

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

What I'd add, Ryan, to that is as we think about these relationships -- and Margaret really highlighted
when you target them, when we go to think about the economics with them, clearly, we've always price
through a deterioration economic event. Whenever you think about a 7-year deal or a 10-year deal, we,
as an enterprise, think about through the cycle. Clearly, as we would look at this scenario, the cycle is
at the beginning of that potential relationship and the depth of it. So we are probably a little bit more
conservative. And really, we'll do that deal only if it meets a -- what we view as a risk-adjusted return that
we think is conservative at this point.

Operator

We have our next question from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Two questions. First, on RSA. I think, Brian, you mentioned in the prepared remarks, that the RSA impact
will -- related to CECL day 2, would be coming in the back half of the year. Maybe you could just give us
some of the puts and takes there and degree of magnitude that you're looking for.

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. Thank you. So as you think about it, the world's kind of changed from January a little bit. First, I just
want to make sure that -- Betty, that we have a perspective on the reserve provision for the quarter and
the difference between CECL and the ALLL. If you think about the total reserve build for the quarter being
$551 million, 515 -- I'm sorry, $511 million of that is really related to COVID-19. And $40 million, so less
than our expectations as we entered the quarter, kind of came from the core book, which really reflected
the higher credit quality that we experienced in the vast majority of the quarter.

As you think about it, the whole $551 million is CECL. So we highlighted, if we did ALLL, it'd be $451
million. If we did CECL, it's $551 million. But as you think about the $551 million, that ultimately is what's
going to pass through. To the extent that it is subject to the RSA, it'll pass through the RSA. So we would
expect, what I would say, a sequential dollar -- lowering dollars of the RSA as we step through the year
and obviously as a percent of ALR. So you will see that into the second quarter and then really more into
the second half of the year.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Okay. And so that is -- the reason it's moving into the second half is a function of the revenue recognition
on the part of your retailer clients, I'm assuming.

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

No. Betsy, it's -- as we implemented CECL and through the RSAs, again, we did not change the economic
sharing. It's just really the mechanics of how it passed from us through the RSA, and that just had a
slight lag to it. So there is no difference, as you think about through the RSA in 2020, whether it's CECL
or ALLL. The reserve itself just comes on a slight lag. So you'll begin to feel that more in the second half.
And it's more than just the mechanics of how it works through the program agreements with our retail
partners and then their revenue recognition or some other type that change the economics. It just was
more mechanics on how it works in the program agreement. But again, we expect a sequential benefit as
we move throughout the year.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Right. Got it. And then just the follow-up question, Margaret, for you is given the changes that we've
had here over the last couple of months, how are you thinking about opportunities to either expand
your functionality or what you can deliver to your retail partners or your CareCredit partners? I'm just
wondering if there is opportunities for picking up technology or other types of systems or functionality that
could enhance your offerings.

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

Yes. I'd say 2 things. One, even before the pandemic, we were starting to get a little bit of opportunities
out there that were starting to perk our interest. We've kept those warm. I think right now, you got to
really wait to see how valuations play out, so we're not going to jump into anything too quickly. But there
are things that are out there that are certainly of interest to us.

On the second piece, I think, the other thing that we've done is we have actually -- we looked our
strategic initiatives for 2020 and have realigned our teams a little bit to focus and accelerate some of the
digital things that we were working on or planning to do. We've stopped some things that we think we can
hold off till 2021 and took those agile teams and are putting them again more digital capability for the
company. And I think that's going to help us as we come out of the -- or go through this and we give our
partners and the end consumers more digital capability.

Obviously, we're certainly winning on the digital side in terms of our online penetration and our volume
coming through there. So we know this is a really critical thing. So even not only the opportunities
externally, but I think we have and have already started the teams and kicked it off and driving it forward.

I don't know, Brian Doubles, if you'd add anything there?

Brian D. Doubles
President

Yes. No, the only thing maybe I would add is, as Margaret said, we did move very quickly, and we actually
went through every strategic project in the business. And there were things that were obvious things
that our partners were asking us to accelerate for them to help them get through this difficult time, so
we redeployed agile in there. And then there were some things that we did around special promotions for
some of our partners that still have stores open and are still very active online.

And then as Margaret said, some things that we paused were just things that, in this environment, didn't
make sense. So we had some card reissues, dual card upgrades, things like that, that we repositioned or
delayed and moved to kind of the back half of the year, when things become a little more stable.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Our next question is from David Scharf with JMP Securities.

David Michael Scharf
JMP Securities LLC, Research Division

Thanks for providing as much color as, I guess, reasonably can be expected, given all the circumstances.
I wanted to follow up just quickly on the previous question on the forbearance, the relatively modest
number of accounts and balances you highlighted. I'm just curious. Have most people been through
a billing cycle, I mean, in the sense that you get a sense that they're aware of what potential relief is
available to them? Just trying to get a sense for how we should think about the number of accounts and
balances that ultimately, maybe a month from now, take advantage of these policies.

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. Great. Thanks for the question. So we have used our assets, our digital assets, social media channels,
et cetera, to get out to our cardholders the benefits that are available for them if they've been impacted
by COVID-19. So we have this outreach program. Well, certainly, we are still taking a large number of calls
through our call center. So we are talking to the consumers about when not they need it.

Part of it, when you think about the dollar is different than some of our other peers, our average balance is
much smaller than theirs, given the percentage of private label. But again, even our retail Dual Cards are
more low on growth strategy. So again, 2% of the balances, we think, is pretty reasonable. But everyone
has been through a billing cycle.

And again, I think part of it is as they go through this, we put this plan in place in -- I think, on March 11,
we will begin to see the effects. I mean obviously, certain people have had continued to work for a period
of time or maybe on a furlough plan. But they may be just starting to realize that they need assistance,
and we'll continue to provide that assistance as we move forward. So that number will grow. But again,
we're using our assets to make sure that customers who do need forbearance, we're helping them.

David Michael Scharf
JMP Securities LLC, Research Division

Got it. Got it. And just a follow-up on the retail partner side, and I appreciate the color on purchase
volume trends in April to date. Ignoring for the moment the fact that digital is somewhat of a mitigating
factor, I'm wondering, just within Retail Card and within, well, actually all 3 product segments, are you
able to provide sort of a percentage of the number of partners that are physically closed? Obviously,
you've benefited from having exposure to discount clubs, home improvement, places that are staying
open, deemed to be essential services. Just trying to get a little bit of a...

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

Yes. We've been monitoring that. But I would say most on the Retail Card side, while they may be actually
closed, they all have some digital presence. So that's a little bit of what we're seeing. It gets a little more
complicated on the Payment Solutions side, where we have over -- close to 200,000 merchants to really
know which one of them are actually closed fully or doing some online. Obviously, there are certain things
that, I think, are -- some of our partners don't have online capability.

And then obviously, in CareCredit, really what we're seeing there is 2 things: emergency dental is still
happening. Emergency, that's still happening. Believe it or not, we've seen a little spike. For all of you who
have young kids out there, we've seen a little spike in orthopedics. So people are hurting themselves while
they're home and on their bikes and things like that.

So it's a little hard to give you a number. I would say what we're trying to do is wherever there's a digital
capability, we're very focused with those partners to make sure we're delivering. But -- and it also varies
by region, as you know. We have some states that are still open, where the stores are open. So a little
hard to give you a percentage or a number because it's such a mix.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Operator

Our next question is from Vincent Caintic with Stephens.

Vincent Albert Caintic
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Just two quick ones. So understanding and thinking about the purchase volume decline, so maybe assets
start to shrink. On the funding side of that, how are you thinking about deposits and pricing deposits? And
I guess I'm thinking how low are you willing for price deposits to rightsize in the case of a [ surge ]?

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. Thanks for the question, Vincent. So the way we think about the funding side of the stack, clearly,
in the economic environment that we're in, our view is using the unsecured or secured market is not as
cost-effective. So deposits for us, which are at 79% of the debt stack at the end of the first quarter, we'll
continue to grow that probably as a percent of the overall funding stack. So look to lean a little bit more
there.

For us, it's going to be -- we have a couple of primary competitors in that market, and we look to stay
competitive there. So this way, we don't have to invest as much in marketing and things like that. So on a
rate basis, we actually have moved down this year. With regard to high yield savings, we're down 30 basis
points on the high yield savings. We were also down at least 30 on our certificate deposit movements on
top of what we already moved down in 2019. So we'll continue to evaluate that market, but that would be
one of our primary sources relative to that. So our view is, hopefully, we'll be able to trend that down or
continue to trend that down throughout 2020.

Vincent Albert Caintic
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Okay. And a follow-up -- quick follow-up question on RSAs. When I look on Slide 6 of your deck and see
the -- say, the net charge-off ratio was 11% in 2009 and your RSAs were 1.5%. Is that still an appropriate
correlation? Or is there any way to think about that?

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. Clearly, what I'd tell you, Vincent, is the RSAs will move and provide that countercyclical buffer. So
as charge-offs do come through, you will see a reduction in the RSA percentages. The exact correlation
of the percent to the charge-off rate, again, as I indicated earlier on this call, the fact that we don't have
Walmart, the fact that you have a very different economic scenario between the great financial crisis and
now, I don't want to draw the direct correlation, but you will see a similar shape to that curve when the
benefit as it comes through.

Operator

Our next question is from Dominick Gabriele with Oppenheimer.

Dominick Joseph Gabriele
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

I really do also appreciate all the detail you provided. When you think about the reserve builds from CECL
versus growth -- for growth versus changes in your unemployment expectations, given the reduction in
year-over-year purchase volume and the potential contraction of the loan book, wouldn't that provide a
cushion as far as reserve releases and create some really big quarter-over-quarter variability? So do you
think about -- how do you think about those 2 pieces? And do you think about them over the full year
instead of quarter-to-quarter? And it looks like to me that perhaps the reserve build could be basically 0
given the -- for the full year given the reduction possibility in the actual loans?

Brian J. Wenzel

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. The first thing first, thank you for your question. I think we have to be a little bit careful here on data
points, right? We gave you a snapshot to try to be transparent about what happened between March 15
and March 31 on purchase volume being down 26%, and then for the first couple of weeks of April, being
down around 30% to 35%.

What's really unclear is when the mandates lift, right, and retail comes back online, what that retail
landscape will look like and the shape of that curve. So I'm not necessarily sure. If I were you, I would be
thinking about we're going to have a 30% decline in retail purchase volume or purchase volume for the
company for the remainder of the year. So that's number one.

Number two, you also have to remember, in this period of time, when you're going through an economic
environment that we are, you are going to see the payment rate decline. So you'll see an upward bias in
theory on the asset rate. So you have those 2 things moving against each other.

It will then really look to what for us, from a reserving perspective, will be -- as we think about the
portfolio at that point in time, what is the economic assumption. So I'm not necessarily sure. I'd say, okay,
your portfolio is going to decline, and therefore, you'll be at 0. There are several factors that are moving in
different directions inside of that.

Again, if you see a deterioration in the macroeconomic assumptions that we've used for March, you do
see retail come back online, then I do believe you're going to see provisions for credit losses as we move
forward.

Dominick Joseph Gabriele
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Great. I appreciate the clarification there. And then your consumer installment loan yields actually had a
nice little jump. What do you think the trajectory on those yields are over -- is that because of kind of the
expectation for added risk and so you up the yield? Or what are you thinking on the go-forward trajectory
there? And is that sustainable?

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

That is really being driven by the disposition of Yamaha in the first quarter.

Gregory W. Ketron
Senior VP & MD of Investor Relations

We have time for one more question.

Operator

Our last question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

I hope you guys are staying healthy and safe. I guess, Margaret, you mentioned the Venmo and the
Verizon product launches are on track. When we think -- and you mentioned they're sort of subject to
the evolving macro landscape. I guess when we think about any commitments you had made to grow the
portfolio, so how should we think about that?

And then maybe I'll just ask my second question related to that. As we think about some of the
investment spend that you had -- that you guys were embarking on and other broad investment spends,
how can we think about the flexibility of those expenses in this backdrop?

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Sure. So let me answer the first one. So clearly, we were really excited when we won both Verizon and
Venmo. And those are 2, I think, very strategic programs for us as we continue to really build out our
digital capabilities. So those agile teams that have been focused on the launch of those 2 programs are full
speed ahead, and we haven't reduced any focus. If anything, we're even maybe accelerating some things
there. So we're really excited about being able to launch them. Obviously, the launches will be dependent
upon the environment, we believe midyear for Verizon and the second half for Venmo. So excited about
those, and the teams are really working hard.

In terms of the other investments, it's a little bit of what Brian Doubles said. We actually took a step
back. And let me step back even one step further. What we did as a leadership team, I mean despite all
the negative things that are happening around pandemic, there's also opportunities, right? And so what
we really tried to do is step back and say, how do we take part of our leadership team to focus on the
operation and get the operations stabilize? We have another group that are working on what do we look
like coming out of this and how quick do we come out, and what are the initiatives we have to have in
place to come out.

And then three, what are the long-term opportunities and implications for the company? And so we've
kind of organized ourselves that way. And we have 7 work streams that Brian is leading to really kind of
set us up for the future. So Brian, I don't know if you want to comment a little more on our flexibility in
some of the things we've been doing.

Brian D. Doubles
President

Yes. I think that's right. So we went, as I said earlier, through every strategic project in the business. We
kind of looked at that through the lens of the current realities that we're facing. And we said, okay, some
of these things, we need to move faster on, based on what our partners are trying to achieve as they go
through the crisis. And then some things, frankly, just don't make sense to do right now. We're going to
push those out, delay, pause, et cetera. And then some things, we'll just continue. And Verizon and Venmo
are examples of things that we'll continue, as Margaret said, a little bit uncertain.

But then we also said, okay, we need to be thinking beyond 2020. We need to be thinking, coming out of
this, how can we best position ourselves for the future? And we said, look, there are -- we came up with 7
or 8 different work streams that are really all encompassing. And we said, forget about whether this is a V
or U-shaped, we know that every aspect of our business is going to change, in some degree, coming out
of this.

So our customers are going to use our products differently. We know that they're going to shop differently.
They're going to spend differently. They're going to pay differently. We know our partners are going to
come out of this looking differently, and they'll have different strategies that we need to flex to. And
we know that the way that we work together as a team is going to change as well. And so we looked in
really those 3 broad buckets, and we said, okay, we need to have a really good strategic plan and a vision
around each one of those so that we emerge from this as strong as possible. And I think as we kind of
move through that work, we'll obviously share more in the future.

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

And I guess just a follow-up on that. Is the conclusion that the cost base might not need to be realigned a
little bit lower, given some of the challenges your retailers might have?

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

No. We will definitely have to realign our cost base. I think we just -- we are trying to see what this -- we
want to get a little more feeling for how this comes out. But one thing that we -- and we just -- we did
that with the departure of Walmart. We know how to adjust the cost base. We froze jobs, so we're not
hiring anybody right now. We've done all those kinds of actions already out of the gate. Obviously, we're
saving on some other things like travel and things like that. But we -- if we have to reset the cost base of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

the business as we come out of this, because we're smaller, we will do that, and we have our eye on that
ball. That's a little bit of some of the work streams Brian even has on his list.

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Sanjay, this is Brian. Let me just kind of put a bow out where you started, right? So your first question on
Verizon and Venmo, the timing really hasn't shifted that much when you think about the costs associated
with those 2 -- and I know we highlight it to be $0.20 a share for the year. The marketing research cost,
the launch cost, the development cost to develop all the in-app capabilities for, let's say, Venmo that also
has to occur, right? The shifting of the programs and the reserves, which was a component of that cost,
isn't that significant now. As Margaret said, we'll see how the current environment -- and whether or not
there is a more material shift in that. And we'll obviously provide transparency as we get to our call in
July.

So with regard to we started, there isn't really a change from, I think, the guidance that we provided
earlier in the year. Second, just to highlight what Margaret said. Obviously, the development of the retail
landscape, the development of the consumer, once we have more transparency to that, obviously, we'll
look to maintain the same type of efficiency, and we'll work through that as, obviously, there are large
portions that are variable. But obviously, we maybe take action on the fixed cost part of the business in
order to rightsize it. So that's how I would think about it.

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

That's perfect. I'm sorry. One last question because I'm being asked this question quite a bit. Capital
ratios, dividend sustainability, sort of how are you guys thinking about it? Obviously, Brian Wenzel, you
talked about the balance sheet shrinking, how should we think about capital freed up to the extent that
were even to occur? Does that qualify as sort of excess capital and therefore, it provides a cushion? Or
maybe you could just walk us through the discussions you're having with regulators?

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. Sure. So with the capital position, capital is something that we've come out from our separation from
GE as a strength. We came out with a higher capital ratio, a CET1 capital ratio, than we probably needed.
But we needed to demonstrate our ability to stand up as a separate public company and withstand events
like this. So our ultimate goal was really to migrate our capital ratios down to that of our peers. That has
not changed through this. We feel as we start into this economic period that we have a significant amount
of capital to weather the storm. Obviously, the CECL transition helps as well. But we'll continue to migrate
that capital down to peer levels over time.

With regard to your second question around the dividend, obviously, the dividend is important to us. As
we think about the business and really the PPNR and resiliency of the business, we believe that we can
continue to generate capital. As we think about our priorities for the use of capital, it's really the growth
of our existing programs, number one. The second really is the dividend. And as we sit here today, we
believe we're going to continue to pay that dividend based upon the current environment and based upon
our forecast that we have the financial strength to capital and liquidity to continue to do that. And that's
a high priority for us. And then as you move through, obviously, then it would be share repurchases and
then down the road, whether it's portfolio acquisitions or M&A. But from a dividend perspective, again,
given the current environment and our assessment, we're committed to pay that dividend.

Gregory W. Ketron
Senior VP & MD of Investor Relations

Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. The Investor Relations team will be available to answer any
further questions you may have.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating.
You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 21, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

