Synchrony Financial NYSE:SYF
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, July 21, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.07

0.06

(14.29 %)

0.73

1.88

3.27

Revenue  (mm)

2904.00

2718.00

(6.40 %)

3021.20

12151.32

12845.16

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-21-2020 12:25 PM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.13

1.07

0.57

0.07

1.22

1.10

0.45

0.06

7.96 %

2.80 %

(21.05 %)

(14.29 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian D. Doubles
President

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Gregory W. Ketron
Senior VP & MD of Investor
Relations

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Donald James Fandetti
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

John Hecht
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Mihir Bhatia
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Richard Barry Shane
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the Synchrony Financial's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference. My
name is Brandon, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference
is being recorded.

And I will now turn it over to Greg Ketron. You may begin, sir.

Gregory W. Ketron
Senior VP & MD of Investor Relations

Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our quarterly earnings conference call. Thanks
for joining us.

In addition to today's press release, we have provided a presentation that covers the topics we plan to
address during our call. The press release, detailed financial schedules and presentation are available on
our website, synchronyfinancial.com. This information can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations
section of the website.

Before we get started, I wanted to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking
statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty, and actual results could differ
materially. We list the factors that might cause actual results to differ materially in our SEC filings, which
are available on our website. During the call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures in discussing
the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in
our materials for today's call.

Finally, Synchrony Financial is not responsible for and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our
earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third parties. The only authorized webcasts are located on
our website.

On the call this morning are Margaret Keane; Brian Wenzel; and Brian Doubles. I will now turn the call
over to Margaret.

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. When we last spoke, the world was facing a global health crisis
and broad economic disruption. Sadly, while we saw some bright spots and began reopening here in the
U.S., we've seen a resurgence of the COVID-19 virus, causing continued disruption to our life, businesses
and economy. In addition, following more senseless loss of life within the black community, our country is
awakening to the need to meaningfully address racial injustice and equality. Both challenges are difficult,
emotional and take hard work to address. I'm proud of how Synchrony continues to successfully manage
through these extraordinarily challenging times.

Our decisions are guided by putting people first. With COVID, we are focused on the health and safety of
our employees and their families, providing support for our customers and helping our partners get back
up and running. In the fight for equality, we are implementing new actions to increase diverse employee
talent at all levels, grow business relationships with diversified and small businesses, investing in diverse
markets and working with our partners, customers and employees to address deeply rooted gender
and racial inequality. With our values as our guide, we are resolute in addressing these challenges and
emerging a better company and country.

Now I'll turn the second quarter results on Slide 3. Earnings were $48 million or $0.06 per diluted share.
This included an increase in provision for credit losses as a result of the CECL implementation this year,
which was $483 million or $365 million after tax, and reduced EPS by $0.63. The pandemic has impacted
results this quarter. Brian will provide details on the trends later in the call, and I will provide a high-

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

level overview here. On a core basis, which excludes Walmart and the Yamaha portfolios, the impact of
COVID-19 drove a 3% decrease in loan receivables, a 7% decrease in interest and fees, a 13% decrease
in purchase volume and a 5% decrease in average active accounts. The efficiency ratio was 36.3% for the
quarter.

As a result of our liquidity and funding strategy, in response to the COVID-19 impact in our balance sheet,
deposits were down $1.5 billion or 2% versus last year. This includes a strategic decision to slow overall
deposit growth given the excess liquidity we have. We have held direct deposits at last year's level of $53
billion. Our direct deposit platform remains an important funding source, and we will continue to focus
efforts to make our bank attractive to depositors.

As we navigate the day-to-day of this new environment in which we all find ourselves, we are also acutely
focused on the future of our business. During the quarter, we extended several programs and added
new partnerships, which you can see on the slide. We also executed a successful launch of the new
Verizon program. We are very proud of this program, and we work closely with Verizon to create a unique,
robust, rewards program for their customers that use simple and easy tools to apply, buy and service the
Verizon visa card. This card includes a compelling value proposition, giving consumer wireless customers
the ability to save on their monthly Verizon bills through rewards earned on everyday purchases and
freedom to use those rewards towards Verizon purchases, including bill payments and the latest phones
and accessories. Further, the Verizon visa card is truly responsive to what consumers want right now,
a contactless, frictionless and digital-first experience. We are also excited about our new program with
Venmo, and continue to partner with them to launch their new program, which we anticipate will occur
later this year.

During the quarter, we also returned $128 million in capital through common stock dividends. We are
pleased with the strength of our business, and we are well positioned to continue to help our cardholders
and partners navigate through these challenging times. We continue to remain highly focused on digital
innovation, accelerating our data analytics capability and creating frictionless customer experiences, which
are key to the success of our programs and winning new partnerships.

I'm going to turn the call over to Brian Doubles to discuss some of the key highlights in this area.

Brian D. Doubles
President

Thanks, Margaret. As we've discussed previously, the digital transformation has been well underway for a
number of years now. And in many cases, the pandemic has accelerated these trends that were already
in motion. It's clear that many of these new trends and our consumer behaviors will be permanent, and
there will be a new normal, specifically as it relates to the digital shopping experience and consumers'
increasing demand for contactless commerce and payment options. Studies indicate that consumers are
changing their shopping behavior, and that contactless payments is becoming increasingly important as
indicated by the data on the slide. The fact that consumers are seeking and rapidly adopting contactless
solutions is creating greater demand for our partners to deliver safe and efficient contactless experiences.
We are well positioned to address these changing behaviors. And have quickly responded to this need with
dedicated resources and investments to support our partners and cardholders during this time of rapid
change.

As you know, we have been investing in our digital assets and capabilities, and we quickly recognized in
the early days of the pandemic that we would need to move even quicker to help support our partners
and help them accelerate their digital transformation. We quickly reviewed every strategic project in the
business and reallocated resources and agile teams to accelerate our efforts on key digital initiatives. We
believe we are uniquely positioned to meet this moment and its lasting effect. Data shows that the vast
majority of consumers plan to stick with their digital behavior beyond the pandemic, and we are prepared
to help our partners' position for the new reality of today and into the future.

Driving digital sales penetration continues to be a key to our success with both existing partners and
with our newer programs. In Retail Card, digital sales penetration was 48% in the second quarter, and
digital applications were approximately 70% of our total applications, 14 percentage points higher than

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

last quarter. The mobile channel alone grew 43% compared to the same quarter last year, excluding
Walmart. Further, more than 60% of total payments made on our cardholders' accounts are done digitally.
We continue to provide partners and customers with increased digital options from applying on their own
devices, provisioning a new card into their digital wallet, transacting with contactless cards and making
payments. We believe customers will continue to adapt to what makes them more comfortable.

Many of our partners have been with us for decades. We have been there to help them grow their
businesses, and we are now here to help them adapt to the challenges in the new environment. We
are accelerating our efforts to provide our partners and their customers with innovative services and
products they can use during this time of disruption. Our investments in our digital assets have proven
extremely valuable in helping them to serve their customers and drive sales. This is a testament to our
agile structure, which is helping deliver real-time solutions and our dedicated teams who are tirelessly
working to support our partners and their customers.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Brian Wenzel.

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Allow me to briefly echo what Margaret said earlier about the
dual crisis facing our nation. We are determined to keep our employees safe and help our partners and
customers to be successful during this time. We've been more committed to driving meaningful change in
the fight for racial equality inside our company and in the communities in which we serve and live. With
the backdrop of unprecedented uncertainty and volatility, I've never been proud of our company and our
people, the values we live by and our commitment to inclusion that is the heart of who we are.

Now turning to our financial results for the second quarter. I'll start on Slide 5 of the presentation. First,
I want to cover some of the trends we are seeing from the impact of COVID-19 from a purchase volume
standpoint and thought it was important to provide an update on performance of accounts who received
forbearance. Slide 5 shows year-over-year purchase volume growth for the total company for the quarter
as well as purchase volume by sales platform dating back to January. Purchase volume growth was strong
for the total company and by platform with double-digit growth from January through mid-March. In the
second half of March, as government restrictions increased, travel, entertainment and event activity were
significantly curtailed and a high number of nonessential retail stores closed. There was also a significant
curtailment of elective healthcare services. As a result, purchase volume declined significantly decreasing
as much as 31% in the first half of April for the total company.

And looking at the full month of April by sales platform, Retail Card declined 21%, Payment Solutions
declined 41% and CareCredit declined 60%. CareCredit was impacted the most with a significant decrease
in spending for elective and planned procedures in dental and medical services during this period. Retail
Card performed better due to higher concentration of digital volume as well as having programs that
benefited from an increase in spending for essential products, such as grocery, supplies and home-related
expenditures. As consumers became more comfortable under stay-at-home orders and initial reopening
phases in May and June occurred, we saw a recovery in purchase volume as we move through the second
quarter. In the second half of June, overall purchase volume increased 3% over the prior year, and each of
the 3 sales platforms saw a significant recovery in purchase volume from the April trough.

Looking at some of the other key business drivers for the quarter. New accounts declined 36% and
purchase volume by account declined 8%, reflecting the impact of the crisis as well as underwriting
actions we took as the pandemic's impact progressed through the quarter. We did see a 4% increase in
the average balance per account due to a combination of portfolio mix from our digital and retail partners
as well as lower-than-usual volume in new accounts. While we are encouraged by these trends, there's
a tremendous amount of uncertainty, which lies ahead when the stimulus measures and industry-wide
forbearance actions abate. However, our business mix, including a strong digital component as well
as diversification of segments being positioned to benefit from spend in areas such as home-related
expenditures as well as veterinary services will likely dampen some of the effects of the economic
downturn. The ultimate impact is still largely uncertain given the duration and magnitude of the pandemic
is still largely unknown at this point.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

Moving to Slide 6. We highlight the impact and performance of accounts that were granted forbearance
compared to accounts not in forbearance. Through June 30, we granted forbearance to a cumulative total
of approximately 1.7 million accounts, or $3.2 billion in account balances at the time of forbearance.
We have seen nearly 70% of these accounts leave forbearance through June 30, leaving approximately
500,000 accounts or $1.1 billion in account balances remaining in forbearance. Through mid-July, these
numbers have been relatively stable. Of the accounts that enrolled in forbearance, 92% were either
current or less than 30 days past due, so a relatively small number of accounts for 30-plus days past due.
When you look at some of the performance characteristics, you will see trends that are not surprising.
Credit line utilization is higher and payment rates are lower. In terms of impact on financial performance,
in total, we have waived $47 million in late fees and $20 million in interest through the end of the second
quarter.

From a trend perspective, we are seeing a substantial decline in the number of accounts enrolling in
forbearance from a peak in late March to early April, where we saw nearly 40,000 accounts enrolling per
day. This dropped to less than 10,000 per day in June. Looking at payment trends for June, nearly 70%
of the accounts that enrolled in forbearance were making payments. 8% of those accounts paid their
balance in full, another 61% were make payments, leaving 31% of the enrolled accounts not making
payments. From a credit perspective, 56% of the enrollees had a FICO score of 660 or below at the
time of enrollment. For accounts that have exited the forbearance program, their credit performance
is slightly worse than other similar accounts. Accounts off forbearance have a 3x increase in the entry
rate into delinquency. However, given the limited time the accounts have been off forbearance is not
clear at this point how those accounts will ultimately perform in delinquency. It should be noted that
while the performance is generally weaker than similar accounts, it has not had a material impact on our
30-plus delinquency measures, which improved during the second quarter. I will cover our delinquency
performance later in the presentation. We will continue to closely monitor the performance of accounts in
forbearance as well as the accounts that have exited forbearance and stand ready to provide assistance to
impacted cardholders.

Moving to the second quarter financial results on Slide 7. This morning, we reported second quarter
earnings of $48 million or $0.06 per diluted share. This included an increase in provision for credit losses
as a result of the implementation of CECL this year. The increase was $483 million or $365 million after
tax, which reduced EPS by $0.63.

COVID-19 impacted our growth in several areas, as noted on Slide 8. On a core basis, which excludes
the Walmart and Yamaha portfolios, loan receivables were down 3% and interest and fees on loan were
down 7%. On a core basis, purchase volume was down 13%, and average active accounts were down 5%
from last year. On Slide 7, we've included dual and co-branded card purchase volumes and loan receivable
balances to provide the level of diversification we have through these products. Dual and co-branded cards
accounted for 34% of the purchase volume in the second quarter, and declined 22% from the prior year.
On a loan receivable basis, they accounted for 23% of the portfolio and declined 4% from the prior year.
As I noted earlier, the impact of COVID-19 accelerated as we moved through March and April, but we did
see some encouraging signs in these metrics as we move through May and June. We would also note that
while we're seeing positive trending in these metrics, the duration and the magnitude of the pandemic is
still largely unknown and remains difficult to provide a more precise forecast of the impact at this point.
RSAs decreased $86 million, or 10% from last year. RSAs as a percentage of average receivables was
4.0% for the quarter, starting to reflect the impact that COVID-19 is having on the program performance.

The provision for credit losses increased $475 million or 40% from last year. The increase is primarily
driven by the reserve increase for the projected impact of COVID-19-related losses and the prior year
reserve reduction related to Walmart that totaled $247 million. The reserve build for the second quarter
was $627 million and largely due to the projected impact of COVID-19-related losses. Other income
increased $5 million. Other expense was down $73 million or 7% primarily due to the cost reductions from
the Walmart sale, the lower purchase volume and average active accounts experienced during the quarter
and reductions in certain discretionary spend. These decreases were partially offset by higher operational
losses, expenses related to our COVID-19 response and charitable contributions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

Moving to our platform results on Slide 9. As I noted earlier, the sales platform were impacted by varying
degrees due to COVID-19. In Retail Card, core loan receivables were down 4%, with the COVID-19 impact
being partially offset by strong growth in our digital programs. Other metrics were down, driven by the
sale of the Walmart portfolio and the impact from COVID-19. Although Payment Solutions was impacted
by COVID-19, strength in powersports resulted in core loan receivables growth of 1%. Interest and fees
on loans decreased 8%, driven primarily by lower late fees. Purchase volume decreased 19% and average
active accounts decreased 3%.

We signed a number of new programs and renewed key partnerships this quarter as noted on Slide 3. We
continue to drive growth organically through our partnerships and networks and added close to 4,000 new
merchants during the quarter. These networks, along with other initiatives, such as driving higher card
reuse, which now stands at approximately 30% of purchase volume, excluding oil and gas, continue to
build a solid base of business for the future. CareCredit was impacted the most by COVID-19 in the second
quarter. But as I noted earlier, we did see some encouraging sign in the trends as the quarter progressed,
as providers began to provide discretionary and planned services. Receivables declined 5%, and we did
see growth in veterinary specialties that partially offset the negative impact of COVID-19. Interest and
fees on loans decreased 4% primarily driven by lower merchant discount as a result of the decline in
purchase volume, which was down 31%. Average active accounts decreased 2%. We continue to expand
our CareCredit network and the utility of our card as we added over 2,000 new provider locations to our
network during this quarter. The network expansion has helped to drive the reuse rate to 60% of purchase
volume in the second quarter.

I'll move to Slide 10 and cover our net interest income and margin trends. Net interest income decreased
18% from last year primarily driven by an 18% decrease in interest and fees on loan receivables due to
the sale of the Walmart portfolio, the impact of COVID-19 and lower benchmark rates. On a core basis,
interest and fees on loan receivables decreased 7%. The net interest margin was 13.53% compared
to last year's margin of 15.75%, largely driven by the impact of COVID-19 receivables and increase in
liquidity, fee and interest waivers and lower benchmark rates. The loan receivables mix as a percent of
total earning assets mix declined from 83.9% to 78%, driven by the higher liquidity during the quarter.
This accounted for 113 basis points of net interest margin decline. The impact of fee and interest waivers
from forbearance that I noted earlier, accounted for 24 basis points of the net interest margin decline. A
decline in loan receivables yield primarily driven by lower benchmark rates and the sale of the Walmart
portfolio, this accounted for 101 basis points of the reduction in our net interest margin. The investment
securities yield declined as a result of lower benchmark rates and accounted for 32 basis points of net
interest margin decline. These impacts were partially offset by a 58 basis point decrease in total interest-
bearing liabilities cost to 2.15% primarily due to lower benchmark rates and lower deposit pricing. This
provided a 48 basis point benefit to our net interest margin.

Next, I'll cover our key credit trends on Slide 11. In terms of specific dynamics in the quarter, I'll start
with our delinquency trends. The 30-plus delinquency rate was 3.13% compared to 4.43% last year. And
the 90-plus delinquency rate was 1.77% compared to 2.16% last year. If you exclude the impact of the
Walmart portfolio, the 30-plus delinquency rate was down approximately 90 basis points, and a 90-plus
delinquency rate was down approximately 10 basis points compared to last year.

Focusing on net charge-off trends. The net charge-off rate was 5.35% compared to 6.01% last year.
The reduction in the net charge-off rate was primarily driven by the Walmart sale and improving credit
trends. Excluding the impact of the Walmart portfolio, the net charge-off rate was approximately 20 basis
points lower than last year. The allowance for credit losses as a percent of loan receivables was 12.52%
post-CECL implementation. Excluding the effects of CECL, the allowance under the ALLL method would
have been 7.91%. The reserve build in the second quarter was $627 million under CECL and $144 million
under the ALLL method. The overall reserve provisioning was higher-than-expected due to the impact of
COVID-19, which accounted for most of the reserve build in the second quarter. In summary, the second
quarter trends continue to be solid, forbearance providing a degree of benefit in delinquency trends. We do
expect the overall credit trends will be impacted by COVID-19 as we move forward.

Moving to Slide 12. I'll cover expenses for the quarter. Overall, expenses were down $73 million or 7%
from last year to slightly under $1 billion for the quarter. The decline was driven mainly by the cost

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

reductions from Walmart, the lower purchase volume and average active accounts experienced during
the quarter and reductions in certain discretionary spend. This was partially offset by higher expenses
attributable to operational losses and certain expenditures related to our response to COVID-19. The
efficiency ratio for the second quarter was 36.3% versus 31.3% last year. The ratio was negatively
impacted by higher expenses attributable to operational losses, certain expenses related to our response
to COVID-19 and charitable contributions. Excluding those impacts, the efficiency ratio would have been
260 basis points lower or approximately 33.7%.

Moving to Slide 13. Given the reduction in our loan receivables and strength in our deposit platform,
we have continued to build liquidity during the second quarter. While we think it is prudent to have
higher liquidity levels given the level of uncertainty and volatility, we're actively managing our funding
profile to mitigate excess liquidity. As a result of this strategy, there is a shift in the mix of our funding
during the quarter. Our deposits declined $1.5 billion compared to last year. We also reduced the size
of our securitized and unsecured funding sources by $3.9 billion and $1.3 billion, respectively. This puts
deposits at 80% of our funding compared to 75% last year with securitized and unsecured funding, each
comprising 10% of our funding sources at quarter end. While we slowed overall deposit growth in the
second quarter, given our excess liquidity, we held direct deposit at last year's level of $53 billion. Total
liquidity, including undrawn credit facilities was $28.0 billion, which equated to 29% of our assets. This is
up from 22% last year. Before I provide details on our capital position, it should be noted that we elected
to take the benefit of the transition rules issued by the joint federal banking agencies in March, which
has 2 primary benefits: first, it delays the effects of the transition adjustment for an incremental 2 years;
and second, it allows for the portion of the current period provisioning under CECL to be deferred and
amortized with the transition adjustment. With this framework, we ended the first quarter at 15.3% CET1
under the CECL transition rules, 100 basis points above last year's level of 14.3%.

The Tier 1 capital ratio was 16.3% under the CECL transition rules compared to 14.3% last year, reflecting
the preferred stock issuance last November. The total capital ratio increased 200 basis points as well to
17.6%, also reflecting the preferred issuance. And the Tier 1 capital ratio plus reserves ratio on a fully
phased-in basis increased to 26.5%, compared to 20.8% last year, reflecting the increase in reserves as a
result of implementing CECL and the preferred stock issuance.

During the quarter, we paid a common stock dividend of $0.22 per share. Last quarter, we announced
that given the current economic uncertainty and being as prudent as possible, we made the decision to
halt further share repurchases, so we have greater visibility on the magnitude of the impact of COVID-19
we'll ultimately have on the economic environment. We will continue to evaluate this as we move forward.
Overall, we continue to execute on the strategy that we outlined previously. We are committed to
maintaining a strong balance sheet with diversified funding sources and operating with strong capital and
liquidity levels.

In closing, given the number of uncertainties that exist regarding the severity and duration of the
COVID-19 pandemic, and the catering impacts of actions such as the CARES Act, payment assistance for
consumers and other government and regulatory actions may have, remains very difficult to assess the
ultimate impact at this time and provide specifics around key outlook drivers. As we did last quarter, I
want to provide a framework to help you consider the impacts on our key outlook drivers. Regarding loan
receivables growth, COVID-19 had a significant impact on purchase volume, particularly late in the first
quarter and into the second quarter. And then as businesses reopened, we saw a positive trending and
improvement in purchase volume. As long as businesses remain open, we expect this trend to continue.
But the increase in COVID-19 infections we are seeing nationally, and the response to this will influence
whether the recovery continues, may result in further volatility as we move forward. What continues
to help our trends and resiliency is the growth in digital, diversity inside our platforms and financing in
essential areas, such as home and health care. We will continue leveraging our capabilities and expertise
to help our partners and providers during this difficult period. This overall direction in purchase volume will
be a key influence in our receivable growth rate.

Our net interest margin has been impacted by a number of factors, including the buildup of liquidity on
our balance sheet and reduction in the size of our receivables; the reduction in benchmark rates resulting
from Fed rate cuts on our receivables and investment security yields; and impact of forbearance in terms

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

of interest and fee waivers for a temporary period of time. As we move forward, we'll continue to look at
means to deploy our excess liquidity and impact of forbearance should abate. We do expect a benefit to
net interest margin from higher interest income and fees generated from an increase in the number of
accounts that will evolve in our loan receivable portfolio and continued lower interest expense.

Finally, it should be noted, we also share the impact on revenues and funding costs through the RSA.
Regarding RSAs, in addition to sharing the net interest income impacts, we also see an impact from higher
credit costs. The ultimate amount of the credit cost impact and timing will be determined somewhat by
the expected deterioration in credit as stimulus actions and industry-wide forbearance assistance abates.
While we expect an increase in net charge-off rate as the year progresses, it should be noted, the overall
portfolio quality and credit trends, as we entered this pandemic, were strong and continued to improve
in the second quarter. Also, the tools and capabilities we have highlighted previously will help us better
navigate the economic impacts from COVID-19.

Finally, we also believe higher recoveries will ultimately materializes partially mitigating the impact of
higher losses. While we continue to expect reserve bills to be elevated as we move forward, until we gain
more visibility into the duration and severity of the current pandemic and the impacts from stimulus and
industry-wide forbearance, we cannot provide more specific guidance. Once we have greater visibility, we'll
be in a better position to define the expected net charge-off and reserve build expectations going forward.

Regarding the efficiency ratio, activity levels will impact revenue and expense levels, and we would
look to mitigate some of the impact through expense reduction opportunities. We have undertaken a
comprehensive review of our operating expense base and are formulating a set of actions to rightsize
our operating expense as a result of reduction in mix in our loan receivable portfolio. Fundamentally, the
business remains strong and is resilient, and we're going through this situation with a strong balance
sheet, capital and liquidity position.

With that, I'll turn the call back over to Margaret.

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

Thanks, Brian. I'll provide a quick wrap up, and then we'll open the call for Q&A. As we have said, the
ultimate impact from this crisis remains difficult to quantify right now. So I will reiterate that we believe
we have an advantageous position to navigate this unprecedented pandemic. We are well positioned from
a credit perspective given changes we have made since the financial crisis, in addition to some of the
more surgical modifications we've made in recent years and that we continue to make considering the
current operating environment. We have a partner-centric business model and an agile approach to all
our operations and investments. Our digital capabilities and assets has helped us win important digital
partners and our another vital, too, to help our partners shift volume to online and mobile channels. We
are focused on execution today with an eye towards the future, making investments, building capabilities,
launching programs and making the fundamental changes necessary to emerge from this pandemic in a
stronger position.

Thank you for participating on the call today, and I hope you and your family stay healthy and safe.

I'll now turn the call back to Greg to open the Q&A.

Gregory W. Ketron
Senior VP & MD of Investor Relations
That concludes our comments on the quarter. We'll now begin the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions]
Operator, please start the Q&A session.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And from KBW, we have Sanjay Sakhrani.

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

I guess my first question is on pre-provision earnings. I know there's a lot of things that, Brian Wenzel,
you laid out. But as we think about loan growth, understanding it's a little bit of moving target, but the
purchase volume stats are encouraging. How should we think about pre-provision earnings going forward?
Was the second quarter a trough? Or do you think that there's more pressure ahead?

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

So first, if you start out with volume, again, we saw positive trends as we move through the quarter from
troughing in the early part of April through a plus 3% in the end part of June. I'd say as we moved into
July, we're probably about a negative 2%, which kind of reflects some of the uncertainty and volatility. But
I would say right now, it's generally in the plus or minus 2% to 3%. And we think about that trend really
is a bit uncertain as we move through the quarter and how the pandemic and the effects on the economy
move forward. Payment rate has continued to be strong. But obviously, as you think about that from a
seamless perspective and an industry-wide forbearance perspective, they may burn off here, which will
ultimately hopefully bring down the payment rate. So as we think about receivable growth, it is a little bit
uncertain, as we have multiple factors going different ways.

If you think about the margin of the business, really, we think this is probably a trough, as receivables
have moved down close to $5 billion sequentially quarter-to-quarter, we try to burn off as much of that
liquidity as we can. We'll continue to try to burn that off. So the impact that we saw in the quarter, which
was just from the higher liquidity, the 113 basis points, that should begin to burn off here in the third
quarter. And again, as we move through into the fourth quarter and into early next year, the forbearance
impact of 24 basis points should, for the most part, be burned off here in the third quarter now. So I think
from a margin perspective, we've kind of hit that bottom and we'll trend up from there.

With regard to credit, obviously, we've been strong in credit. Delinquencies are 90 basis points better
ex Walmart. They haven't really been impacted on forbearance, and we can talk about that later. But
forbearance hasn't had that impact. It's really when we start to see those trends move through. So I think
from a charge-off perspective, we don't expect to see charge-offs really rise here, maybe the latter part
of '20, but more into the first half of '21. The expenses, we're going to continue to really take an active
approach to manage some of the discretionary expenses. As I outlined in our prepared remarks, we're
taking a comprehensive review of expenses and really look at more structural things in order to get more
cost out, really to reflect the change in our platforms as a percent of mix in our portfolio mix.

So we would expect to come back with a series of actions that we can really undertake in the latter part
of '20, into '21 to reduce the expenses and get that efficiency ratio back to where it would normally run.
So again, I think there's some positives here coming out, but most certainly, the uncertainty relative to
purchase volume and really payment behavior patterns are the key for us in the back half of the year.

Sanjay Harkishin Sakhrani
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then my follow-up question is on the reserve builds. I think I heard you, Brian, say that it's
a little bit of a moving target still in terms of the credit quality migration going forward. But as we think
about reserve builds under a macro assumption that you've used, do you feel like you're comfortable
with the build that you've done and provide nothing changes on that macro assumption. You don't expect
future reserve builds. Maybe you can just talk about that macro assumption, too.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Sure. Sure. Let me start with the macro assumption, Sanjay. So we run multiple economic scenarios
and really formulated base case, and then we have a couple of downside scenarios and, what I'd say, is
an upside scenario. So to just ground ourselves, when we looked at the first quarter, we used a model
that essentially had unemployment peaking in the second quarter, around 10%. But again, as I said, the
important parts are really where you exit '20, 21 and '22, where we had unemployment really at the end
of '20, at 7% and then 4.5% in '22. Obviously, if you look at assumptions today, they have deteriorated
from that March 31 date. So what we have done is we stepped off and we took the Moody's baseline
model as our starting point, even though, they've issued revisions in June and July that were slightly
positive that we stay with the Moody's baseline. And then effectively, what we did is we modeled on to
that unemployment. We essentially redistributed unemployment to take into account forbearance, to take
into account stimulus. So at the end of the year, when you think about our unemployment exiting 2020,
it's 11.5%, 9.3% in 2021 and 6.4% in '22. And we don't really get back to an unemployment rate under
5% until 2023. So I think as you think about how we thought about the macroeconomic environment, we
thought about a slower recovery with potentially a greater impact on unemployment. The key thing for us
will be how that unemployment really develops and whether or not you see a greater, what I would call,
higher income, unemployment come into mix later in the year as you move maybe out some lower income
people. So that will be a variable.

As you think about the reserve build then, it really comes down to, for us, a platform mix because
obviously, we have platforms that attract a higher CECL reserve and CareCredit and Payment Solutions. So
some of this is going to be mix-related. So under CECL, we expect the reserves to be elevated on a normal
basis. So again, I think, we've taken the best guess of the macroeconomic environment as it stands today,
but it's really going to go back into delinquency formation and loss formation as we exit '20.

Operator

From Credit Suisse, we have Moshe Orenbuch.

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I was hoping maybe, to start, you could just talk a little bit about -- you'd mentioned, Margaret, the
partner-centric strategy, and how that might impact the second half of the year? You've launched the
Verizon card. You've got kind of Venmo. How should we think about what Brian was talking about in terms
of kind of volume levels currently with that partner-centric activity in the second half?

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

Yes. So I'd say there's really 3 parts, right? The Retail Card, Payment Solutions and CareCredit. I'd say,
in each case, each platform is operating fairly well. We've really tried to stay highly engaged and close to
our partners throughout this process. So as you mentioned, we were able to launch Verizon, which I joke
around here with the first launch in a pandemic, that launch went extraordinarily smooth in terms of the
execution of the launch. Now obviously, Verizon is still working through how they open all their stores.
So what Brian talked to earlier about our ability to be fully digital, I think, it was a big win for us because
we've been able to launch and have a successful launch and feel good about the program and its growth
trajectory, given the environment we're in right now. I'd say, on Venmo, there's a lot of work going on.
Obviously, we've had to switch to everything being agile and virtual. And that process has really been
phenomenal, and the teams are executing that plan. And as you know, in both cases, we're really trying
to make this experience a fully digital, integrated experience for the consumer, which I think lessens the
burden on brick-and-mortar as we continue to fluctuate between what's open and what's closed. So we
feel positive about that. And ensuring that we're originating the right accounts, we've put a lot of work
into the front end of our business on fraud because that is one area that I think everyone in the business
is seeing a lot of pressure on. And we feel good about the tools and techniques that we've been able to
put in place to really launch this program. So that's really on the Retail Card side.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

I'd say on Payment Solutions and CareCredit, a couple of things. We're working very closely with these
partners. We actually held a number of seminars in health, particularly in our CareCredit business, helping
the offices reopen. We shared our plans. We had the folks that are working on the reopening of our offices,
although we haven't reopened any yet, kind of, the things that we have put in place, the procedures. And
so what we're trying to do is integrate in such a way that we're helping them deal with the pressure they
have to deal with as they come back online as well as ensuring that we're providing them with the digital
tools that they're going to need as they shift from totally brick-and-mortar to more online, particularly
in our Payment Solutions platform. We have a whole team there working on a new digital POS for that
platform, which, we think, will be a big win as we end the year, beginning of next year. So one of the
things we've done is step back strategically and really look at what we were working on and really have
doubled down really across the whole digital aspect of our business to ensure both digitally and from
a data perspective, we're helping those partners as they continue to reopen and deal with some of the
ins and outs of closing and opening and making sure we can deliver from a digital perspective for their
consumers. So highly integrated, lots of conversations and feeling really good about our performance so
far.

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. Moshe, the other thing I'd add in the CareCredit platform, we have exciting announcement of
AdventHealth. So when you look at the health systems component, not only do we have now Kaiser
Permanente, Cleveland Clinic, Advent, the ability to get into the path there and to really help our
consumers as they manage their medical bills at this point in time is terrific. And we're building a really
a different type of network in that business and working closely with them in order to get that up and
running with a handful of other really good health systems across the country.

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

I'd say what's been amazing is the teams have been able to execute these deals in the middle of the
pandemic when many of these institutions are having a lot of challenges themselves. So it goes to show
the relationships that we've built pretty -- and our credibility in the industry so far of us being able to
engage at that level during this period.

Moshe Ari Orenbuch
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Right. It sounds like you've become more important to them. Brian, just a quick follow-up on the reserving
question from before. 12.5%, I mean, the average life of your portfolio is something in the -- I don't know
if it's shrunk in this period, but you used to think it was like 1.7 to 1.8 years. Can we infer anything in
terms of where you might be thinking peak loss rates would be in 2021 as a result of that 12.5% reserve?

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. Moshe, I think it's very difficult to kind of infer that rate because we haven't seen any of the trended
data really come through. And it's going to really dictate where we see some of the pressure build. Most
certainly, when you think about our CareCredit and Payment Solutions, those are longer-dated assets with
promotional financing. Obviously, we can control the origination on the front end of that, but that book will
take a longer period of time. I think the positive thing is that if you look at the Retail Card book, obviously,
we've exited the Walmart portfolio, which has a higher loss content, and really have gotten into, what I'd
say, is some faster-growing, more stable portfolios. And I think when you look at the FICO mix, our FICO
mix for the first quarter now on a sub-660 basis, it's 300 basis points better than only 24% of the total.
So we feel good about where we are. I think, hopefully, we use the macroeconomic assumptions that are
hopefully the worst case. But again, we'll continue to monitor those as we move forward. So until we see
some of that trended data and the delinquency formation happen, it is a little bit tough to give you that
guidance for '21 at this point.

Operator
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

From Jefferies, we have John Hecht.

John Hecht
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

First one is, Brian, I think you mentioned that -- and tell me if I'm wrong, that the actual purchase volume
on the digital channel in Q2 was up year-over-year. So, a, did I hear that right? And second, maybe within
that channel, can you talk about the key influencing factors? I mean, is most of this coming from e-
commerce platforms like Amazon and PayPal or is it more distributed? Maybe just sort of a color on that.

Brian D. Doubles
President

Yes, sure. This is Brian Doubles. Why don't I start on that? The online sales penetration rate in Retail Card
was 48%. And just to give you a little bit of a historical perspective, that was running in the mid-20%
range just a couple of years ago. So we feel really good about that growth. The national average for e-
commerce sales, typically has been running in that 15% to 20% range. So that gives you a good basis
of comparison. So I definitely feel like we're over-indexing in that channel. I think it is broader, certainly,
this year than just Amazon and PayPal. When I think about the pandemic, really, this has just accelerated
a digital transformation that was already underway. So as Margaret kind of highlighted, what we did
very early in the process as we went through every strategic project in the business and we said, okay,
how can we best support our partners by helping them accelerate their digital transformation? And so
we went project by project. We redeployed agile teams. We work with all of our partners, big partners,
small partners, providers and CareCredit to help figure out how we could best support them. So we
put more resources, more investment, shifted things around to things like Digital Apply, Digital Buy,
accelerating a lot of projects that were already in place. So it is more broad-based than just the fact that
we've been trying to engage more and win more programs in the digital-only space. We're really helping
our omnichannel partners transform their business and figure out how we can best support them in that
transmission.

John Hecht
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

That's very helpful. And then Brian Wenzel, the -- I guess, another follow-up question on the provisioning.
I'm just trying to -- I'm trying to determine if we can understand maybe your perception of the different
risk factors tied to those seeking deferrals versus those who haven't. And with that, is there a way
that you could discuss the provision this quarter, maybe how much of it was a specific provision for the
cohort that has sought deferrals versus a general provision just tied to uncertainty and risk in the overall
environment?

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. Great, great, John. So let me start with the forbearance impact. I think we try to give you some
color really with regard to the accounts that went into forbearance. So the accounts entering, only 8%
were delinquent at the time they went into forbearance. And while they had higher credit line utilization
and payment rates, what we've seen is as they come off forbearance, they performed a little bit worse
than their kind of cohorts in the portfolio, but not dramatically worse. So they have roughly a 3x entry
into delinquency. But when you look at the accounts that come off forbearance and look at the amount
that's already in our delinquency, less than 6 basis points is in delinquency today relating to accounts
that were in forbearance. And if you took that whole 8% and rolled that through, it's less than 20 basis
points. So forbearance has not had an impact for the $2 billion that has rolled out at this point. Obviously,
we'll have to see how that develops. We're in the early stages of those accounts, really performing off
of the program. But we're encouraged by the number of people that -- the 8% that's paid in full and
the 61% that are continuing to make payments. So I think forbearance, for us, clearly has benefited
our cardholders. What's unknown to us is the forbearance they're receiving in total from industry-wide
participants. So that will be an effect. So as you think about the reserve provisioning in the quarter, the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

vast majority is the deterioration of the macroeconomic assumptions that we put into our model. There
are some qualitative that we put out for forbearance, but it's not a large part of the reserve build.

Operator

From Morgan Stanley, we have Betsy Graseck.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just a question on RSA. As we're thinking about the back half of the year, I think, in the past, you had
given some expectations for how we should be thinking about the RSA in the second half versus the first
half. And I wonder if you could comment a little bit on what you see the drivers there as we go into 2H?

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Sure, Betsy. So obviously, we haven't provided any specific guidance mainly because some of the unknown
is really related to credit. But as I think about our framework how you should think about the RSA back
half of this year and really into 2021, the first is the program performance. So how the loan receivables
really develop here, and more importantly, how the net interest margin kind of comes back and how it
develops as you begin to see delinquency developing, obviously, our partner share in that revenue side of
the equation. Obviously, credit costs will factor in more likely in '21. So you'll see probably an increased
benefit continue in the back half of the year from a net credit write-off perspective through the RSA.

As you think about the reserve provisioning, which is probably the larger wildcard here, unfortunately,
what you see is -- first of all, a platform mix issue, right? So, so far, we have booked probably more of the
CECL benefit really sitting in CareCredit and Payment Solutions, given they attract a higher CECL reserve
provisioning, given the length and nature of those assets. Inside the Retail Card portfolio, it's ultimately
going to come down to the mix of partners that flow in there. As we know, you have some partners that
share in the reserve, some partners that don't share in the reserve. And unfortunately, as we sit here
today, we're just making estimates with regard to how the delinquency formation works and how that will
go into the loss content as we build into 2021. So they are some variable pieces here. So I think there is
a little bit of timing where the impact of the RSA may be delayed. But we really have to see where those
2 move from a reserve perspective. But again, we hope to be moving forward on a NIM perspective and
charge-offs could put a little upward pressure on the RSA from just a performance before you think about
reserves.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. Got it. And then, Margaret, you did a really interesting podcast at the end of May with ICE and
there's a lot of detail as to how you're thinking on that. And I was just wondering, at one point, the
question was how does the pandemic impact Synchrony? And as a part of the answer, you're talking about
being a smaller company. But I wonder if either there was more detail there around that, that you could
explain or if your view has changed given that maybe between now and the end of May, things aren't as
tough.

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

Yes. I think I was really referring to the fact that we definitely have seen our assets shrink a bit. And
as a result of that, it's what Brian talked about, we're going to have to do a reset of expenses and align
ourselves so that we keep the return of the business in the area that we like. I think it's like any difficult
situation. I think people rise to the occasion, and we're able to really just step back and say, okay, coming
out of this, how do we want to make sure we're set up for the future. And I think the fact that we've been
around for 90 years, have been through a lot, we're positioned that way. But I think, particularly as we
move more digital, we're going to have to make sure our resources are aligned to align with that digital
transformation that we continue to make. And so I think we're really looking at all the levers inside our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

business to ensure things don't get away from us and that we're really coming out of this in a way that
we have the right partners, the right program, the right digital experience and capabilities, building out
our data that we've been continuing to do. And then ensuring that the returns in our business continue to
deliver for our shareholders.

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes, Betsy, the thing I'd add and just not to get lost in this, when you think about the sequential decline
in average loan receivables, it's down over almost $5.7 billion. So clearly, we're trying to make sure that
we understand where the depth of that could be and that we react. And I think when you think about
the efficiency ratio in the quarter, when you strip out more of the -- some of the operational losses in
COVID-19 response, we're at 33.6%, I think, efficiency ratio. So we want to get that back in line with
where we can continue to deliver a higher ROA business. So that's really what I think is driving it. And
hopefully here, we'll have to see how the sales play out as we move through the back half of the year.

Operator

From Wells Fargo, we have Don Fandetti.

Donald James Fandetti
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

So Margaret, I guess, is it fair to say you continue to sort of see credit coming in better than expected? It
surprised me how resilient the consumer has been and I know we can't infer too much from your reserve.
But if NCOs are peaking in the first half of '21, it would suggest an NCO loss rate that is not significantly
higher than where you are, and certainly a lot lower than the credit crisis. Do you think its stimulus is
what's really doing it? And what are your thoughts in the near term?

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

Yes, I think -- look, I think, one thing we all know is the consumer going into this was pretty strong, right?
So -- and I think what we're seeing, and we're even seeing this in deposits, right, consumers have more
cash, they're hoarding more cash, and they're paying their bills. Now I think the big caveat in all of this,
Don, is really what happens when the stimulus ends, which is going to happen soon if they don't come up
with a new plan, what is that new stimulus, and then how quickly do people get back to work? And I think
that's the fact where I have to say I've been around the business for 4 years. I don't think any of us would
have expected to see what is happening, happening in terms of delinquencies. I think we're kind of a bit
surprised and thought there would definitely be more pressure there. So I think we have to really see the
third and fourth quarter to really understand how -- what's the next phase of stimulus, how does that play
out? And I do think we're anticipating more job loss. I think what we've seen so far is the things that are
connected to travel, entertainment, restaurants, things like that. But I think every company is stepping
back and looking at their own cost structures and how does that play into it. So I think we're trying to be
cautious about this. Because if you just took -- how we're doing today, we should be patting ourselves
on the back and saying, "Oh, things look great." But I think the reality is there's more to come, and we
just have to be ready for that. And that's really what we're trying to ensure. We are doing both from an
underwriting perspective, ensuring we're reserving properly, and then the third area of really taking a hard
look at expenses to make sure we're positioned right as we come out of this. I don't know Brian, if you'd
add anything.

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Yes. The only thing I'd add, Don, the book is fundamentally different than it was a year ago, most
certainly, if you work backwards in time. With Walmart kind of coming out, when you think about the
portfolio, the fact today that we'll only have 24% of the book, below 660, down 300 basis points from
the first quarter, clearly, the effects of stimulus and forbearance, industry-wide forbearance, has driven
our payment rate. Our payment rate was 15.60% for the quarter, up 83 basis points year-over-year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

So people are paying down the debt. The good news is because we've migrated credit, we are seeing
better performance. And ultimately, Margaret hit on the point is, as unemployment does develop, so when
you get back to what our estimate will be towards the end of the year, is there a fundamental rotation
in there that will give you a different outcome. We're anticipating that. I think we are executing our
credit enhancements around that. But again, we'll have to see how that develops. But I think it goes to
a testament to how we've modified the book from the GFC and then really the tools and data elements
that we're using to manage the book today to hopefully drive credit in a fundamentally positive way as we
move into this recession.

Operator

From JPMorgan, we have Rich Shane.

Richard Barry Shane
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Look, I want to follow-up on a theme that I think we've explored a little bit here. But when we look at
the reserve increase versus the change in economic outlook, it almost feels like the correlation is a little
bit lower than it's been historically. And again, I think, you guys have touched upon some of the factors
there, forbearance policy initiatives, which have dampened that relationship. I'm curious if you think that,
ultimately, the risk is the duration of the cycle that could drive that correlation back to the historical norm.

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Rick, as you think about it, I think the historical norm does have Walmart and it does have some other
things. So you have to almost adjust at the start of it, the strength of the consumer and the change in
the underlying portfolio as you look forward. So most certainly, we are very sensitive to the duration of
the impact or if it's more prolonged than we think than most certainly it would be. But when we look at
our stress results, even if you go back to what we published back in 2018, they are better ex Walmart.
So I do think that's in. And I think when you think about this quarter, the fact that we've had such a large
decrease in our receivables, there is a pretty big volume offset. So the rate part of the provision is up
significantly in the quarter. So -- but again, it's going to be -- you hit on it. It's going to be really how that
curve develops out and whether or not there's a fundamental mix shift inside the unemployment we're
thinking.

Richard Barry Shane
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. And I appreciate that there -- you're right, there's a pretty significant idiosyncratic shift in the
portfolio without Walmart that has to be accounted for as well.

Operator

And from Bank of America, we have Mihir Bhatia.

Mihir Bhatia
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I wanted to quickly just follow-up on the reserve build discussion. You've talked on this call about
the potential for the unemployment pool to change a bit where you have maybe some higher income
consumers lose jobs going forward. And I just wanted to clarify, does the reserve build already account
for this change? Or is this something that you're keeping an eye on that you're worried that, that could
happen and you will then need to build reserves for it? I understand the magnitude might be different, but
just trying to understand what is already reserved for versus what won't be?

Brian J. Wenzel
Senior EVP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

Yes. It's a great question. And I think we've tried to model some of that. But ultimately, because we are
seeing a strengthening of credit as we move forward and really a strengthening of credit even inside of
the credit grades, it's difficult to ultimately predict that. So we've put some level of investment in. It's just
subject to a lot of uncertainty now. There's a lot of, as we all read, the indications that there are going
to be a large number of layoffs and some of these higher income jobs. But until we actually see that and
what builds in our portfolio, it is somewhat difficult. But we've put some estimate in for how we think the
portfolio performs as we move forward, but that is just a risk factor, ultimately, how it develops.

Mihir Bhatia
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

And just one other last question. Just could you maybe just discuss some of the newer programs you've
launched? And here, I'm thinking of the Synchrony HOME program, the CarCare or maybe even the
GP card. How have they performed through the crisis, and to the extent you're willing to share just in
terms of the volume or credit trends? And how that compares to the rest of the portfolio or even your
expectations? Does that change your appetite for wanting to grow those? Just trying to understand how
you're thinking about those programs and now that you've had a crisis.

Margaret M. Keane
CEO & Director

Yes. No. I think I'd say all of them are performing well. We -- they perform no differently than the overall
book. I would say, particularly, we're seeing a lot of strength in HOME. I'm sure many of you have seen
that HOME seems to be where people are spending their money. And so we're definitely seeing good
take-up and people buying furniture, home improvement and the like. So both our HOME, card and our
partners that deal in the HOME are definitely seeing a lot of strength. CarCare is a little different in that.
The actual car part is fine, but when -- gas has been down, but that's starting to pick up as people start
driving more. But it's still not to the level of where people were driving pre-pandemic. But I'd say, overall,
from a credit perspective and origination perspective and utilization perspective, we feel really good about
all of those programs, and we'll continue to look to grow them.

Gregory W. Ketron
Senior VP & MD of Investor Relations

Thanks for joining us this morning. The Investor Relations team will be available to answer any further
questions you may have, and we hope you have a great day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

SYNCHRONY FINANCIAL FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

