Sysco Corporation NYSE:SYY
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, February 03, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

0.84

0.85

1.19

0.84

3.74

3.81

4.15

Revenue  (mm)

15108.33

15025.04

(0.55 %)

15055.90

61466.29

-

63981.71

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-03-2020 2:59 PM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.70

1.07

0.97

0.84

0.79

1.10

0.98

0.85

12.86 %

2.80 %

1.03 %

1.19 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
SYSCO CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Edward Daniel Shirley
Executive Chair

Joel T. Grade
Executive VP & CFO

Kevin Hourican
President & CEO

Neil A. Russell
Vice President Corporate Affairs

ANALYSTS

Christopher Mandeville
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Edward Joseph Kelly
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jeffrey Andrew Bernstein
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

John Edward Heinbockel
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

John William Ivankoe
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Joshua C. Long
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Judah C. Frommer
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Kelly Ann Bania
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Marisa Sullivan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Rebecca Scheuneman
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

Robert William Summers
The Buckingham Research Group
Incorporated

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to Sysco Second Quarter Fiscal 2020 Conference Call. As a reminder, today's
call is being recorded. We will begin with opening remarks and introductions.

I would like to turn the call over to Neil Russell, Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please go ahead.

Neil A. Russell
Vice President Corporate Affairs

Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Sysco's Second Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Call. Joining me
in Houston today are Ed Shirley, our Executive Chairman of the Board; Kevin Hourican, our President and
Chief Executive Officer; and Joel Grade, our Chief Financial Officer.

Before we begin, please note that statements made during this presentation that state the company's or
management's intentions, beliefs, expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, and actual results could differ in a
material manner. Additional information about factors that could cause results to differ from those in the
forward-looking statements is contained in the company's SEC filings. This includes, but is not limited to,
risk factors contained in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 29, 2019, subsequent
SEC filings and in the news release issued earlier this morning. A copy of those materials can be found in
the Investors Section at sysco.com or via Sysco's IR app. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in
our comments today and in our presentation slides. The reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the
corresponding GAAP measures are included at the end of the presentation slides and can also be found in
the Investors section of our website. [Operator Instructions]

At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to our Executive Chairman of the Board, Ed Shirley.

Edward Daniel Shirley
Executive Chair

Good morning. Thank you, Neil, and thank you, everyone, for joining our second quarter fiscal 2020
earnings call. I'm proud to speak to you today as Sysco's new Executive Chairman.

On today's call, I'll provide some introductory remarks about the recent leadership change, and then you'll
hear from our new President and CEO, Kevin Hourican. After that, Joel will walk you through our second
quarter results, and then we'll take your questions.

As you know, we recently announced senior leadership changes to accelerate the next phase of our
development. This leadership transition was part of a deliberate and thoughtful process to ensure that
Sysco is best positioned to enhance long-term value for all our stakeholders.

While Sysco's performance has improved steadily over the last few years, we see a clear opportunity
to accelerate growth. Kevin brings a demonstrated track record of delivering strong results and
operational efficiencies within large and complex environments. He takes a strategic approach to winning
in underdeveloped markets. We are highly confident he has the skill set and vision to capture the
opportunities ahead.

As Executive Chairman, I'll work closely with Kevin to ensure a smooth transition and provide input on
key strategic priorities. Our Board is excited about Sysco's future and is fully supportive of Kevin, the
leadership team and all of Sysco's associates as they strive to continue to support our customers. I've
had the opportunity to speak with many of you, and I look forward to continuing our dialogue as we move
forward together.

I'm now pleased to introduce Kevin, who'll make brief remarks before handing the call over to Joel to
discuss the quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

Kevin Hourican
President & CEO

Thank you, Ed, and good morning, everyone. I'm excited to join you today for my first earnings call as
Sysco's new President and CEO, and more importantly, I'm very excited to lead Sysco during this time in
our company's history.

I'd like to say a few words about what attracted me to Sysco and the compelling opportunity that I see
ahead. For decades, I have admired Sysco's reputation as the market leader in cutting-edge foodservice
solutions. Like Sysco, I've dedicated my career to excellence to supply chain, logistics, taking a customer-
first approach and leading successful teams. I've admired Sysco for its leadership, its brand and its strong
culture in these areas.

When the opportunity arose to join the team, I immediately knew that this was the right next step for my
career and a place where I could apply my leadership skill set and business passion. I also knew that this
would present a unique opportunity to further strengthen the company as the market leader and enhance
growth.

Sysco's board and I collectively agree that there are opportunities to further capitalize on our scale
advantages, win in underdeveloped markets, improve our performance and increase operational
efficiencies to unlock funding for growth. Our core strategy will remain in place, but we intend to
accelerate execution in key areas to increase long-term value for all of our stakeholders.

I look forward to working closely with Ed, the Board and our talented global team to deliver on our
strategic plan. And I look forward to speaking and meeting with you, our associates, our analysts and our
investors. Your perspective on our business and the surrounding landscape will continue to be important
as we move forward.

Now I'll turn the call over to Joel, so we can walk you through our second quarter results.

Joel T. Grade
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone. This morning, we announced financial results for the second
quarter of fiscal year 2020, which represented improved local case growth in our U.S. Foodservice
segment primarily driven by our independent customers. I will start with second quarter results, continue
with segment-specific commentary, transition into the first half of fiscal 2020 results and then close with a
general business update.

Our total Sysco results for the second quarter include a sales increase of 1.8% to $15 billion, which was
driven by U.S. Broadline local case growth of 3.7%. Gross profit grew 2% to $2.8 billion, and gross margin
increased 5 basis points. We saw growth in our sales of Sysco Brand products in the second quarter, which
increased 27 basis points to 47% of local U.S. cases and 42 basis points to 38.3% of total U.S. cases.
Adjusted operating expense increased 1.5% during the quarter, which resulted in an adjusted operating
income increase of 3.9% to $626.9 million. Adjusted earnings per share grew 13.2% to $0.85.

I'll now transition to our quarterly results by business segment, starting with our U.S. Foodservice
Operations. Local case volume increased 3.7% versus the prior year period and has now grown for 23
consecutive quarters. As previously noted, we remain disciplined in our approach to managing our national
account business, which was reflected this quarter in our total case volume growth. As a result, total case
volume growth was 2% for U.S. Broadline operations.

Sales for the second quarter were $10.4 billion, which was an increase of 3.2% versus the prior year
period. This includes the divestiture of Iowa Premium, our beef processing facility that was sold in the
fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, which had a negative impact of $122 million for the quarter. Gross profit
grew 2.4% to $2 billion for the quarter.

While we are pleased with the gross profit dollar growth, gross margin declined 17 basis points to 19.7%.
This is primarily driven by a few key levers. First, we saw an unusually high rate of inflation, specifically

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

in the dairy and beef categories. As a result, we're unable to efficiently pass inflation through to our
customers.

Separately, but still related, we saw a return to more normalized pricing in produce markets compared to
a sharp increase in the second quarter last year, which resulted in a negative impact to our gross profit
dollar growth. We expect this year-over-year headwind to continue into the third fiscal quarter. Lastly, fuel
surcharges, which appear in gross profit for us, were less this year than in the prior year period.

Turning our attention to costs. Our adjusted operating expenses increased 1% to $1.3 billion. As we've
discussed in our previous quarters, our labor costs were slightly higher due to our decision to retain driver
and warehouse personnel in a tight labor market. We will continue to evaluate our staffing trends relative
to our business model over the next couple of quarters.

Additionally, we experienced a 12-day strike in Denver, which resulted in added costs from the business
impact of continuing to serve customers during that period. Adjusted operating income increased 4.7% to
$772 million within our U.S. Foodservice Operations segment.

Moving to International Foodservice operations. We had mixed results for the quarter. Our international
results were modestly impacted by changes in foreign exchange rates. On a constant currency basis, sales
increased 0.9%, gross profit increased 0.4%, adjusted operating expenses increased 2.2% and adjusted
operating income decreased 11.1%.

Our business results in Canada softened for the quarter as a result of a slowing economy in some parts of
the country and the loss of a large chain customer.

Our business results across Europe were mixed. As mentioned during the first quarter call, we continue to
experience operational challenges arising from our integration efforts between our 2 businesses in France,
which is offsetting growth in our other international businesses. We expect this to continue through
the end of our fiscal year. However, the U.K. business performance remained stable, despite ongoing
uncertainties around Brexit. We are continuing our work around modernizing the business and growing our
customer base.

In Sweden and Ireland, we saw positive results versus the prior year period, stemming from a positive
business environment and solid independent sales growth. We remain convinced that Europe will be a
growth opportunity for the company in the years ahead.

As for our business in Latin America, the companies are performing well, and we remain excited about the
growth opportunities in this region. We extended our retail Cash & Carry footprint from Costa Rica into
Panama, with plans to open more stores there in the future. In Costa Rica, we saw solid growth, despite a
slight economic slowdown due to the recent implementation of a value-added tax. In Mexico, the business
has improved meaningfully year-over-year, despite continued economic contraction.

Our SYGMA segment continues to show improved profitability as we remain disciplined and focused on our
portfolio of customers. As a result, we saw planned top line softness as sales decreased 5.3% versus the
prior year period, but gross margin expanded 62 basis points.

Adjusted operating expenses were down for the quarter, driven by a focus on business and routing
optimization, which led to an adjusted operating income improvement of $8 million versus the prior year
period. We feel good about the continued progress we're making within SYGMA and are confident in our
ability to drive improved performance going forward.

Finally, it is important to note that our core business is performing fairly well as our adjusted operating
income from operations increased 5.5% versus the prior year period. However, our corporate expenses
increased due to several discrete items, such as costs from the Denver strike and other liability claims.
Therefore, our adjusted operating income increased only 3.9% versus the prior year period.

Now turning to our results for the first half of fiscal year 2020. Sales increased 1.2% to $30.3 billion. Our
local case growth in U.S. Broadline was 2.9%, and total case growth was 1.4%. Gross profit increased
1.7% to $5.8 billion, and gross margin increased 10 basis points.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

Our overall expense management was solid, with adjusted operating expenses increasing only 0.5% for
the first 26 weeks. Adjusted operating income increased 5.7% to $1.4 billion, resulting in a gap between
gross profit dollar growth and adjusted operating expense growth of 120 basis points. Adjusted earnings
per share increased by 10.7% to $1.83.

Cash flow from operations was $754.5 million for the first half of fiscal 2020. Net CapEx for the first half
of the year was $383.1 million or about 1.3% of sales, which, as a reminder, is in line with our previously
noted guidance. Free cash flow for the first half of fiscal 2020 was $371.4 million, which is $329.5 million
lower compared to the same period last year.

The decline in free cash flow was impacted by an increase in working capital as we continue to experience
challenges from our ongoing implementation of the Finance Transformation Roadmap as well as an
increase in bad debt accounts. Strong cash flow has always been a strength of Sysco, and we're confident
that we will see an improvement to this trend by the end of fiscal year.

Before closing, I'd like to make a few additional comments about our financial performance, where we
stand relative to our 3-year plan goals and our outlook for the year. We have a chart on Slide 14 of the
earnings presentation slides on our website detailing anticipated results compared to our most recent 3-
year plan guidance.

As you recall, our 3-year plan included 6 different financial objectives. These included: total case growth
of 2.5% to 3%, for which we are tracking to 2.5%; local case growth of 3% to 3.3%, for which we are
tracking to 3.3%; sales growth of 3.5% to 4%, for which we are tracking to 3.7%; gross profit dollar
growth of 3.5% to 4%, for which we are tracking to 3.6%; adjusted operating income growth of about
8% or $600 million, for which we are tracking to 7%; and adjusted earnings per share growth of 15%, for
which we are tracking to approximately 15.5%.

When we announced senior leadership changes last month, with a goal of accelerating growth and
operating improvements, we noted that our fiscal year 2020 performance was generally tracking along
with consensus estimates. As you can see from the chart, we continue to generate strong performance
relative to our 3-year plan across virtually all metrics.

However, after closing the second fiscal quarter and considering recent performance, even with some
clear positives, such as an acceleration in local case growth, we have decided to make adjustments to our
outlook, specifically, given challenges we are seeing and have discussed this morning relative to year-to-
date performance; specifically challenges related to inflation changes, integration challenges in France,
discrete corporate expenses I noted earlier, and given certain investment opportunities we see today that
can deliver strong returns over time, we have decided to amend our plan.

Specifically, we are lowering our adjusted operating income growth target to approximately $500 million to
$525 million to the previously communicated approximately $600 million target and lowering our 3-year
adjusted operating income growth guidance from approximately 8% to 7%.

We would note that the benefits we're seeing below the line in areas such as interest and tax rate provided
added flexibility to make these investments now, while still delivering on our previously communicated top
line and bottom line earnings per share targets. While we do not like to move backwards at any part of our
previously communicated commitments, when given the decision between achieving a short-term goal or
investing for the long term, we will always choose to invest for the future.

The investments we are making will allow us to advance work that will both further enhance our customer
focus, while accelerating future growth, and to continue our efforts to efficiently manage costs through
improved processes. It is important to note that we're incredibly excited about Sysco's future, one that will
include continued leadership across the foodservice industry driven by investments in our customer-centric
strategies and fueled by the best associates in the business.
With that, operator, we're now ready to take questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Edward Kelly with Wells Fargo.

Edward Joseph Kelly
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

And Kevin, let me just me be the first to say welcome to Sysco. My first question actually is for you, Kevin.
I mean I know it's obviously very early days, but you and the Board have clearly highlighted the desire to
grow faster as a company over time.

Can you just give us some sense as to what that means and how you'd get there profitably? I think there
is just some concern around when companies make CEO changes and talk about accelerating growth,
about what the cost of that potentially could be. And just curious, philosophically, how you're thinking
about -- how you think about the path to that.

Kevin Hourican
President & CEO

Yes. Ed, I appreciate the call -- the question on the call this morning. And first, I do want to acknowledge
the good work that the company has been doing and the strong results and, as Joel said, the very capable
team here at Sysco.

And to directly answer your question, where do we see opportunities for growth. The first is we need to
and can leverage our scale and our size more efficiently. Joel referenced improved processes, taking cost
out of the system. That cost that we can take out of the system, Ed, is where we can fuel and fund top
line growth in the future. We will be very pragmatic and disciplined on our pricing strategies. Joel, I know,
has covered that consistently quarter-over-quarter. We will be very thoughtful about how we price the
business.

Now Ed referenced there are underserved markets for Sysco. A specific example would be the metro
market, where we underrepresent versus our national average. There are some things we can do vis-à-
vis how we serve those customers more strategically with, we'll call, customized, tailored supply chain
solutions for those markets. And that would be, again, another area of where and how we can grow that's
not tied to price.

I guess I would just wrap up with saying, as you know, this is a very highly fragmented market, one where
the largest player in the space, through the investments that we can make, the capabilities that we can
bring to the table, we can take increased share over time, and that's our plan.

Joel T. Grade
Executive VP & CFO

And Ed, if I could just add one thing to that. I think -- look, we've said many times and we've said that our
strategy as a leader in this industry has never been to lead with price. It never has been. It never will be.

And so I think the -- again, some of the stuff that you're seeing this quarter, as we talked about, was
related to some -- a bit elevated inflation that happened at a higher level and at an accelerated rate that
allowed us some inefficiencies on passing that along.

But again, I just want to reiterate to what Kevin said and just add on to that question just a bit and that,
that is not and never will be a strategy of ours to lead with price.

Edward Joseph Kelly
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

So can I just follow up then, Joel? The case level profitability on gross profit per case this quarter was --
is obviously disappointing, and you mentioned the inflation component. But inflation overall didn't really
accelerate from Q1. I'm just -- I guess I'm struggling with what changed from an inflation standpoint
and why you had issues with passing through costs within dairy and the protein side and then why, even
through the back half of the year, it sounds like you expect that pressure to continue.

Joel T. Grade
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So a couple of points. First, I would say one of the things that we saw and -- remember, the average
that we talked about. Inflation is one number, but obviously, it's made up of a lot of different categories.
And some of those categories tend to be harder to pass along inflation with than others. And again,
certainly, the center of the plate category is the ones that tend to be more emotional in our space.

And so what we experienced, and particularly in the later part of the quarter, was an acceleration in
the areas that we talked about, primarily in center of the plate in beef and dairy and as well as some in
canned and dry. But really, the beef and dairy categories were the primary ones.

And I think, again, as we've talked about a number of times, Ed, it's not just that overall number. It's the
rate at which they're actually accelerating. And certainly, that's part of what we saw, again, towards the
later part of this quarter, that we struggled to pass along.

The other point I would make, when you actually look at the overall, given, if you will, gross profit per
case, one of the things we called out here is some of the produce markets that we had seen last year, it
was related to weather impacts in California. And so at that time, we had some positive gains from the
produce markets. That was the latter part of the second quarter last year, and we actually saw that carry
into the early part of the third quarter last year as well.

And so on a per case basis, when you look at the overall gross profit, it really is related to, again, some of
the struggle of the inefficiency of passing some of the inflation along from the produce markets, again, the
piece around the fuel surcharge, particularly areas that we struggled with.

The question that you had in terms of -- as we see that outlook moving forward, I think one of the things
we did continue to see is some of those challenges that we had towards the latter part of this quarter
carry into the early part of the third quarter.

And so I think that some of it, again, will be somewhat self-correcting in a sense that, in the case of
our multiunit customers, so that 50% of the business that we have on a cost-plus arrangement, where
it's a relatively short-time lag pass some of that cost along, again, we'll anticipate seeing, I'd say, some
improvement there.

But again, particularly, the categories that we saw the inflation in and the rate that we saw the increase
is why we had some challenges passing that along. And it impacted our margins, particularly in the U.S.
foodservice business.

Operator

Our next question comes from Chris Mandeville with Jefferies.

Christopher Mandeville
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Kevin, I guess similar to Ed's question here, I imagine a little bit more of a detailed go-forward strategy
is going to be laid out at some point. So I guess I'm just wondering what the reasonable time frame to
expect there.

And is there any ability to elaborate a bit more on the comments surrounding a desire to improve in
underdeveloped markets and your ability to deliver strong results in large complex environments? I mean
-- I guess when I think about that, it sounds like you're referring to urban markets. And from what we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

understand, that's already a fairly competitive environment and comes with low margins. So how do you
navigate those waters and accelerating sales but yet not diluting your margin?

Joel T. Grade
Executive VP & CFO

So let me take that. I'll let Kevin add in if he so desires. Obviously, it's pretty much his first day on the
job, so we should take that into consideration here.

But what I will say is the following. The idea that the metro markets are competitive is certainly true. The
idea that the metro markets are somehow inherently unprofitable, I would certainly debate that with you
significantly because, again, there's -- one of the areas that we have been underdeveloped is in some of
the most sort of dense urban markets.

And in some of those cases, it is about the ways that we go to market and the value that we provide
to those customers. And in so many of the cases, and particularly in some, again, from the high-end
restaurants and some of the different metropolitan areas, again, price becomes much less of an issue
when the go-to-market strategy is the right one.

And so I -- so I'll let Kevin chime in here. But I just want to probably a little bit debunk this idea that
somehow we're just charging into a less profitable area. Kevin, why don't you take it from here?

Kevin Hourican
President & CEO

Yes, Joel. It's perfect. And so what I was referring to, yes, was the more metro markets where our share
underrepresents. And the why, as I mentioned earlier, was the supply chain solutions and the go-to-
market strategy that works in more a suburban or rural area does not necessarily work in a downtown
metro environment.

Some of these high volume, let's just call, New York City restaurants, they may need delivery multiple
times per day. And what we will work on are solutions that provide more tailored support for those types
of customers in a cost-efficient way, so that the business would be profitable. And Joel already covered the
profit per customer, so I won't build on that.

Joel T. Grade
Executive VP & CFO

I think the other thing I would point out, Chris, when we talk about investments that we're making,
some of the investments that we're talking about here are to continue to enhance the way that our
technology tools interact with our customers, to continue to enhance the way our technology tools allow
our salespeople to be supported in a different way that allows, again, for these types of interactions.

So I think, again, some -- a lot of these things that we're talking about here is certainly are where
we see opportunities and, again, particularly in these areas where we're very -- we're significantly
underpenetrated.

Christopher Mandeville
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then Joel, I guess, recently, I believe there was a decision to outsource your
customer service department. Any way that you can elaborate on what went into that analysis with
respect to potential cost savings versus maybe some service disruption or just changes for that matter?
How does the department change with respect to its overall interaction with accounts? And does anyone
else in the industry necessarily have a similar model?

Joel T. Grade
Executive VP & CFO

Well, let me start with the premise of why that decision was made and the thought process around that.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

If you look at Sysco, historically, one of the challenges that we've had in servicing our national customers
is the idea that we've primarily had customer care at each operating company level. So if you're a -- name
a CMU customer and you had to solve issues whether it were credit issues, whether it were customer
service issues, your primary points of contact were in a very decentralized -- we service in 50 locations.
You basically had 50 points of contact, which obviously is suboptimal in terms of the service for a large
national account.

So the basic strategic premise for doing this was to actually have a situation where you actually had,
again, sort of a one call, one single point of contact for a customer care, single point of contact for credit
issues, and so the whole reason, strategically, for doing this was around that.

Part of the work that we did and the decisions in terms of why we chose to do things in the way that we
did was, again, both to -- have a partner that would allow us to provide the technology support to enable
that work and, again, to restructure the team somewhat differently in a way that, again, it was really
more focused around teams of this sort of single point of contact for customers.

So I actually look at this as a very good strategic enhancement for our business, both from the
perspective of the ability to actually sell those customers and serve them in a different way and take
care of their needs, but in addition to that -- and again, I'd say a little bit later down the line from a cost
perspective. Obviously, there's some initial work required to invest in this model. Over time, we do believe
it'll be a more efficient model, but that's the premise of what that was done for.

Operator

Our next question comes from John Heinbockel with Guggenheim Securities.

John Edward Heinbockel
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Maybe for Kevin. When you think about the market share opportunity, right, particularly in those metro
markets, what's your early thought on the structure and size of the sales organization, right? Do you think
you need to step up hiring of MAs in some of those areas?

And then distribution platform, do you think capital is required to put facilities in closer to some of
those metro markets? Or -- it's really not a capital issue as much as it's maybe trucking equipment and
scheduling?

Kevin Hourican
President & CEO

Yes. Thank you for the question, John. I'd say on the talent and people side, it's too premature for me to
comment upon that. As Joel mentioned, I just started with the company. And a big part of my onboarding
will be what we call listening tour, which is going out and talking to our MAs all throughout the country, our
sales associates, to listen and to learn from them.

Some of the best, most customer-centric ideas, innovations come from that frontline associate. It could
be the MA. It could be the driver that's been delivering to an account for many, many years, in some
instances, at Sysco, decades. They have great ideas on how we can better serve the customers.

So I can't wait to get started in regards to traveling around the country and meeting our great associates
and learning from them on how we can best serve our customers. So too premature to comment upon are
there more or fewer over time. You'll hear more from us later in the year on our strategy and where we're
headed in that regard.

As it relates to supply chain solutions, this is my expertise by trade and by background. We will do a
thorough end-to-end network optimization review to determine number of facilities, optimization of which
end points are served from those facilities. The work we do there, though, will be thoughtful, and we will
self-fund the work that we need to do.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

We're not at this point communicating a need to increase capital investment. We can reduce cost and use
that reduction in cost to fuel and fund the investments that we will make. That is our remit. That is our
charter, and I know you're looking for specifics today. Those specifics will come in due time.

John Edward Heinbockel
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

And then, Joel, maybe -- I don't know if you have an idea of how much lower your share is in these urban
metro markets. I assume it's more than half what your overall share is. But any idea how much lower it
is?

Joel T. Grade
Executive VP & CFO

It depends on the market, as you can imagine. There's some that we're better penetrated than others. But
I would say, generally, it's -- I would say somewhat less than half would be the way I would think about
that.

Kevin Hourican
President & CEO

I just want to add one thing to that. I don't want the participants on the call to perceive that our singular,
sole step growth is through those metro markets. We have multiple vectors of growth. We just highlighted
one of them as an example to answer a question earlier on in the call.

Operator

Our next question comes from Judah Frommer with Crédit Suisse.

Judah C. Frommer
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I just wanted to circle back on kind of this decision to pull forward operating expense and what's going to
effectively kind of limit the adjusted operating income growth over the 3-year period. So there are clearly
some issues with operating expense and delivery on operating income growth, both internationally and
locally, whether it's labor in the U.S. or the consolidation in France.

So can you help us with the decision to pull forward and kind of layer on top of what seems to be going in
fits and starts? And then maybe more specifically, is a lot of this tied to the metro market, market share?
Or are there other aspects you can highlight as well?

Joel T. Grade
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So a couple of points. Again, just as a -- the general gist of the 3-year plan takedown, it was -- as
we talked about, some of the things related to some of the margin challenges and opportunities, the work
-- the integration work in France, some of the discrete expenses from a corporate perspective.

The investments in the business, the way I would actually characterize that, and again, this falls into the
category of the point I made literally toward the end of my prepared remarks, where we talked about the
decision would we just simply hold off on investments that we believe are really important in order to hit
short-term goals or in order to accelerate some of those investments, to continue to move forward on
some of the things we believe are really important.

And a little bit -- and certainly, we always have and always will choose the latter in that scenario. To
the point Kevin made earlier, again, the metro example is just simply one idea or one point that was an
example of some of the areas we're looking to accelerate.

But the investment is really centered around a few key areas that I'd probably highlight for you. It centers
around these areas around accelerating work in our customer-facing technologies. It centers around
accelerating work in the technologies that support our salespeople and allow them to go to market,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

support our customers in the way that we think, again, certainly moves some of these things forward in an
accelerated way.

They focus on areas -- what I would call simplification of our business in terms of the way that we interact
with our suppliers, with our customers. They -- so they look at the way that we can actually accelerate,
and when I say cost savings, I look at cost from almost an end-to-end view in terms of both how we
accelerate areas of cost of goods, all to indirect spend. All of those types of things that some of the
investments that we're making, we believe, will allow us to accelerate in each of those areas, again, both
due to simplification as well as some of the enhancements, again, in technology.

And then -- so I -- those are the way I would categorize some of the work in the investments. And
certainly, as we've talked about, the need to continue to accelerate growth in this business, the need to
leverage scale in a better way, the need to go-to-market in a way that enhances our ability to service this
wider group of customers in a better way, I would characterize our investments as falling into that. And
again -- and frankly, we felt it is important to -- they're important long-term investments that we thought
were very much worth accelerating.

Judah C. Frommer
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. So maybe just to follow up on that. Kevin, would you say you had a hand in kind of pulling forward
these investments? Or are these kind of investments that have been now, they're beyond the current 3-
year plan that the Board is deciding to pull forward? And then, Joel if you could just help us with modeling
the EPS growth coming in, in line. Any help on the interest expense or tax line would be great.

Kevin Hourican
President & CEO

So Joel will start and then I'm going to do a follow-up close to what Joel covered.

Joel T. Grade
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean -- so look, I -- what I would say is that there's -- it is a continuation of some degree of
investments that have already been made, but an acceleration at work. And so what I would say is --
and again, I'll let Kevin say this to you. I mean I think, Kevin, there's an alignment with the strategic
approach we're taking. But to say Kevin was one that directly said, "Hey, we'd accelerate that," would not
be a fair statement." We certainly believe that as a leadership team that, that was important work, again,
supported by Kevin and by our Board.

I'll let you...

Kevin Hourican
President & CEO

Yes. I'll just -- I'll build on. I'll ask a question and answer and that's, "Kevin, are you aligned with the
Sysco priorities and the investments that Joel just referred to are directly driving those key priorities?" The
answer to that is yes, I am. The company's #1 priority is to be a customer-first culture, and I'm 100%
aligned to that culture.

As I mentioned earlier, the best ideas, the most innovation -- innovative solutions come by better
understanding the needs of your customer and providing solutions that help you do better business with
those customers. Joel referenced that. It's also our MA sales force, providing them with better tools to be
able to be more effective at their roles. That's a part of this investment, and I'm 100% aligned with that.

The second one is our local transformation, and Joel talked about essentially a framework of capabilities
that can then be deployed to match the needs of a local trade area. One of those happens to be metro,
and that's customer onboarding. I mentioned supply chain solutions and a customer ordering tool
improvement. I'm aligned with all of those things.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

And last, but not least, is business optimization. Joel talked about funding sources for growth by improving
the manner with which we run our business. We've talked about leveraging our scale. Leveraging our
scale is we should be the lowest cost operator in the business and, therefore, then be able to pass upon
to our customers savings tied to the efficiency improvements and also create sources for investing growth
dollars.

So I am aligned with the priorities, and I'm very supportive of the decision that was made.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jeffrey Bernstein with Barclays.

Jeffrey Andrew Bernstein
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. Keith, you talked about just -- I'm sorry, Kevin, you've talked about traveling the country and
meeting with associates and management across the organization. I'm just wondering how long you
think before you complete that initial review and maybe we get an update on the -- what you see as the
vision for Sysco and whether or not we would get another 3-year guide or how you kind of think about the
strategy of providing guidance to the Street.

Kevin Hourican
President & CEO

Yes. That's a great question, Jeffrey. Thank you for it. I think most new CEOs coming in, there's a 90-day,
100-day plan, and this listening tour will be a part of that, in addition, by the way, to doing very specific
deep dives into the business while doing that. It's not just a listening tour, but the listening tour is a vital
and important part of onboarding.

I think what I would say at this point in time is late summer is when you could expect to hear from us
from an update perspective on where we are with our strategies. And more on that later, Neil will help
manage and communicate in that regard.

Jeffrey Andrew Bernstein
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Got it. And then I know you mentioned in your updated kind of 3-year plan guidance chart within the slide
deck, you talked about continued disciplined approach to profitable growth with your national and SYGMA
accounts, and this has been something we've been hearing for a little while now.

I'm just wondering, as it relates to that, where do we stand on that?

I mean is that a process that you think is just something that we should expect to hear about for just
ongoing, and therefore, it's just every quarter, every year, that's kind of that? Or maybe is there kind of
a short-term opportunity to pull that forward in order to no longer having to be focused on pruning those
national accounts?

Joel T. Grade
Executive VP & CFO

No. I mean I would think that -- again, my -- that's something I think you'll actually continue to hear us
talk about. Actually, we've talked about that consistently for actually many years in terms of how we view,
that -- again, those customers and opportunity to be really disciplined in how we grow.

I would say the only thing I would maybe say is, I mean, what you're seeing in our SYGMA segment right
now, which actually has a fairly acute decrease in the top line that was planned for and as part of this
thing, again, that's probably a little stronger year-over-year than you may anticipate as we move forward.
But I think, generally speaking, we will remain disciplined in this space.

It is an important area to us, both strategically and in terms of covering fixed and providing opportunities
for us to enter in service markets in outlying areas that may have that type of business that then allows

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

us to have a great local business there as well. So again, it's a strategically important part of the business,
but nonetheless, one that I think you'll continue to hear us talk about as one that we'll be disciplined in
terms of how we approach.

Jeffrey Andrew Bernstein
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Understood. And then lastly, just -- I think, Joel, you mentioned something about bad debt expense. It
sounds like you're making reference to it increasing of late. So I'm just wondering if you could talk about
where you're seeing that pressure from. We didn't get much color in terms of -- from a restaurant industry
perspective, whether you're talking about national chains or independents or maybe one or both of their
operating environment is becoming more difficult, leading to the elevated bad debt expense.

Joel T. Grade
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Here's how I'd answer that. I mean there's a little bit of both in terms of a market. I think -- again,
I -- just one thing I would really emphasize here, we're -- there's no panic button being pushed for us in
terms of the market itself. There is a bit of softness. We've had a few increased bankruptcies. And again, I
would say it's really both across the national and the local.

I'd say the bigger impact, though, at this point, certainly remains just continued challenges around the
stabilization and implementation of some of the work that we did that really centralized credit activity in
an area that used to be a very decentralized activity across our businesses.

And so that's accelerated a bit over the last couple of quarters. We're certainly doing a lot of work to
continue to stabilize that and certainly anticipate that happening. So again, I'd say it's a little more self-
induced. But again, there's, I would say, a little bit of softness, certainly though not ready to push the
panic button on the marketplace.

Operator

Our next question comes from Joshua Long with Piper Sandler.

Joshua C. Long
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Wanted to circle back to the commentary around outsourcing the support. That was very helpful. Curious
if that was more of a proactive decision or if this is feeding off of commentary you've received from your
customers and your team members.

Joel T. Grade
Executive VP & CFO

Well, I would say it's probably a little bit of both in the sense that, obviously, feedback from customers
in terms of how we have serviced them over many years is that, "Hey, I'd rather have a single point
of contact. I'd rather have -- instead of calling 50 people, I'd rather call one. I'd rather have a team
that knows my business well that can relate to me, again, both from a care perspective, from a credit
perspective, et cetera, et cetera." So I would say it's in response to customer feedback and how we can do
a better job servicing.

But again, in that sense then, I would call it proactive in the way that is something that we believe was
an important investment, one that we, again, found both the right, what we believe, structure, partner
and technology support in order to do that. It's still new. We're still, again, moving into that, and we'll
continue to improve and evolve, but the team has done a great job of rolling that out. And so again, I'd
call it proactive, but in response, certainly, to listening to our customers and feedback that we received
from them over a number of years of doing business with us.

Joshua C. Long
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

Great. That's very helpful context. And then thinking about the international strategies, particularly in
Europe, sounds like that's still a long-term growth opportunity for you. Can you talk about what you've
learned with the integration process, particularly with this -- the French businesses that you mentioned
and kind of how that process is coming along?

Joel T. Grade
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So I think a couple of areas that I would say -- thinking about how that business is integrating.
It was 2 businesses that were acquired even prior to our acquisition of Brakes. They were similar-sized
businesses that we have then ultimately chosen to bring together.

And I would say the 2 bigger challenges really are what we call a single delivery, meaning instead of
customers getting delivered by both businesses are being delivered by one, and the technology to support
that. And so I think those -- in both cases, there's been challenges in making that happen.

On a positive note, doing some of that type of integration in France is often complex due to some of the
labor and work councils and all that. And I think, actually, we got through that part of it very well, but
nonetheless, those challenges remain.

And some of the impact you've seen have been service levels that have been less than we'd like them
to be, which then has translated into gross profit dollar impact there, and then what I'll call dual running
costs, meaning we've had to have some of those things where both businesses running longer than we
would have liked them to have done.

So I think, again, we're certainly -- we've got a strong leadership team there. We've got lots of resources
that we've dedicated both there and from here in order to enhance that. Some of the investments that
we're talking about here as well fall into the category of how we accelerate the stabilization of that. But as
you said, again, we certainly are confident that we'll get there. And certainly, as you pointed out, I believe
that, again, this is a good long-term investment for us and, again, in a market that we certainly think will
be one of the strongest ones that we have in future.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kelly Bania with BMO Capital.

Kelly Ann Bania
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

I was wondering, maybe for Joel, the decision to kind of -- the less consensus 2 weeks ago and lower kind
of the outlook today. Can you just help us understand that decision?

You talked about some of the factors. I'm just trying to really understand how much was the quarter and
how much really is these investments and certain opportunities that you talked about. And I think what
people are trying to struggle with understanding today is how many more investments really need to be
made out there over the next couple of years.

Joel T. Grade
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Let me start with the first, and what I would say is a couple of things. So the timing of the
announcement that was made on January 13 of -- was obviously fairly early in both the process of closing
as well as the -- how we got into the third quarter.

So I think one of the things that I would say as we've evolved and certainly finished the closing process of
this quarter as well as saw some of the results that we talked about as we moved into the third quarter,
part of that was some of the reasons that you probably heard a little bit different tone from both of those
things.

And so I think as we looked at some of the challenges that we talked about from a margin perspective
that we continue to see fall into the third quarter, we took a look at some of the work that, again, was
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

happening in this business in France, as we talked about, and looking -- certainly looking forward to see
some continued challenges there.

And in addition to that, again, it was just some of the work that we talked about with some of the
investments. Again, these aren't brand-new investments. They're things that we've never talked about
doing. But certainly, the opportunity to accelerate that growth, to accelerate as we build some momentum
at the end of this year and head into the next year, we thought, were very important in terms of how we
did that.

And so I would just say the combination, Kelly, of some of the kind of ramping up of the quarter, the --
seeing some of the way the third quarter was starting to play out in a number of different areas of the
business, obviously, some transition costs as well of the leadership change and then thinking about how
we actually spend that investment dollars moving forward.

The question is how much are we going to continue to need to invest in this business. Look, I think this
has been, as I know you know, a multiyear journey of transformation because the reality of it is, is that
this company, again, 10 years ago, was a business that had -- it was significantly decentralized in a way
that we approached the marketplace.

If you think about the things that used to happen at a local operating level where, for the most part, I
always joke about this a little bit, but pretty much only things they couldn't do are they couldn't give
themselves a pay raise and they had to report according to U.S. GAAP. Other than that, it was, for the
most part, their business to run.

And so when you think about the things that we've done in terms of how we standardize, how we leverage
scale, how we -- the category management processes and the way that we go to market and set an
assortment in a different way that is not just decided by every individual operating company, those type
of transformations -- again, the latest one, again, we've talked about on this call are things like Finance
Technology Roadmap, things like the centralized customer care, all those things are bits -- are one steps
along the way to continue to drive a more leveraged, efficient, nimble organization that can go to market
in a different way.

And so again, there's not necessarily sort of a beginning and an end point to that. I do believe this
business will continue to invest in itself. As we've talked about our top capital allocation priority is and has
been the ability to take the cash we generate and reinvest it in this business to continue to get better.

And as Kevin said and as you've heard Ed talk about, our ability as the market leader to continue to
leverage scale, to drive the things that we can do and, again, go to market in a different way, I think, are
important. And so you will -- you should expect us to continue to invest in our business that way.

Kelly Ann Bania
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay. And then maybe just one follow-up on the gross margin and the inflation impact, how much of
that -- just given that it does look relatively manageable on an overall basis, but obviously, there's more
happening, I think, in meat and dairy, but how much of that is just pure mechanics of the type of inflation
and the environment you're seeing versus the execution of that, either at the local or the chain side?

Joel T. Grade
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, it's a little bit of both. I mean on the chain side, again, it's actually a fairly mechanical process,
in the sense that as we've talked about before, there's -- depending on the category, there's about a
7- to 30-degree -- 30-day lag in terms of when prices recalculate. So that one is a little more, I'd call,
mathematical and environment-driven.

Obviously, there's some market-driven, and there's some execution as well on the local side. Although as
we've talked about, historically, one of the areas that's actually really allowed us to do a better job of that,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

certainly, over the last few years, is our revenue management function. That's been an area that we've
leveraged well, both in deflationary times and inflationary times.

And I certainly anticipate work that we have done and will continue to do in the RevMan area will help
us work through that. But we've also talked about the fact that in certain cases where inflation -- and in
certain categories when inflation hits higher levels and escalates in a more rapid way, that we still have
some challenge in passing some of that along.

So I think that's how I would frame it up. It's probably a little bit of all of that, but certainly, something
that I believe, moving forward, we'll get a handle on. Again, our RevMan function is -- has certainly done a
good job and will help us work through that over the number of years, and I anticipate that continuing to
move forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from Bob Summers with Buckingham.

Robert William Summers
The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated

So just help me understand, of the operating income revision, which I think is really just, what, 2 more
quarters, how much of that is being driven by this investment pull forward. And what I'd really like to
understand is what's the run rate of that investment, how should I think about it as we bleed into 2000 --
or 2021.

And then on the benefit side of the equation, how are you thinking about the return on this, either through
cost savings or bolting on acceleration and case volume growth? And when is that? Or when should we
expect that?

Joel T. Grade
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So just starting with your first point on sort of the takedown. Again, we haven't broken out the
specifics of those things, but just to reiterate again, a couple of the key points. Again, it is -- there's a
portion of it that's related to some of the challenges we've talked about both, again, as we kind of exit this
quarter and enter the next one as it relates to some of the margin challenges.

Again, it's related to some of the challenges that we've talked about in France. Again, there are some
discrete costs, again, in corporate that I'd call are unplanned, things like the strike we had in Denver,
things like that we've seen a bit of higher level, I'll call, claims activity in terms of things like auto liability
and workers' comp, some of those type things that were part of where you saw our corporate expenses
elevate a bit, obviously as well as some of the transition costs we talked about related to leadership. So
those are things that are -- again, some of the components to that as well as investment.

Bob, I don't know that we're going to go and break down the detail, every one of those components. I
would say, certainly, probably -- and the biggest ones really fall into the category that some of the point
on the margins, the areas in France as well as the investments, broadly speaking.

And I guess some -- from a run rate perspective, as I said, I don't know if we're going to go into that
type of breakdown detail, what you could -- what you should expect though, as we head into our Investor
Day and as we talk about, as Kevin onboards, as we talk about our ongoing strategic opportunities, we
certainly plan to go into more detail of that, both in terms of how it impacts our growth, how it impacts
the expenses and the ability to fund that growth through some of the efficiencies. So certainly, more
to come on that. But I would say, again, those are the main categories of how to think about why the
takedown happened.

Operator

Our next question comes from John Ivankoe with JPMorgan.

John William Ivankoe
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I think the comment was made that we shouldn't expect an increase in CapEx, I do just want to make
sure that I heard that correctly, I guess especially in the context of what may be in coming years, kind of
a broad need to modernize facilities, really, not just for you, but across the industry, and also potentially
the use of new facilities into smaller facilities to better penetrate some of the urban markets. So that's
kind of the first point.

And secondly, is part of the plan or part of the thought at this point that you would enter new European
countries? Or it's kind of getting the current countries to your [ sort of lower turns ] the priority in the
near term.

Joel T. Grade
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So let me take that one first, then I'll go back to your other one. I think the answer on that is that,
certainly, stabilization is the highest priority right now in terms of that.

And then again, just -- maybe just to reiterate one thing, and then we talk about Europe as just one
entity. Within that, again, the 3 out of the 4 main countries we're in, in Europe are actually performing
what I'd call acceptably well. And obviously, the biggest challenge is in France. But from a priority
standpoint there, definitely, stabilization is our focus at this point in time. Certainly, over the long term,
we'll continue to look for opportunities to grow in that part of the world.

The CapEx piece. So look, a couple of things I would say on that. As we have -- as we've talked about,
actually, over the last couple of years, we actually have accelerated, even heading into this year, our
CapEx level a bit. In other words, we've been running in that 1, 1.1%-ish range, somewhere 1.1% to
1.2%.

As we talked about this year, we actually bumped that up a bit to a 1.3% of sales for some of the
investments we plan to make. And as we talked about a little bit earlier in the prepared remarks, we're
actually running at that rate. And so I would say, on one hand, there is a bit of acceleration from the
perspective of that, but that was talked about, and it's where we're going.

And so I think Kevin's point was we're not certainly saying what we're doing now at this moment in
time. There are going to be, I think, some increased potential investments. But as we also look at how
we rationalize those things at the moment as a percentage of sales, I think you can think about fairly
consistently how we've talked about, as we head into this year, we've talked about a bit of acceleration.

John William Ivankoe
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. So more or less model 1.3% would be safe.

Joel T. Grade
Executive VP & CFO

I think that's fair.

Operator

Our next question comes from Rebecca Scheuneman with Morningstar.

Rebecca Scheuneman
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

So I'd like to circle back to protein inflation. Given the global protein shortage that has resulted from
African swine fever, it's likely to think that this protein inflation will continue for at least the next year. Are
you beginning to like proactively work with your customers on some price increases?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

Or are you just kind of playing it by ear? They have been admittedly volatile, the prices. I'm just
wondering what we should expect if we'll -- if there are possibly some further gross margin compression
due to difficulties passing on this expected inflation.

Joel T. Grade
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Thanks for the question. So I would, first of all, decouple a couple of these things a bit. The impact
that we've seen from the African swine flu has actually been very minimal, I would say. This is something
we've taken questions on for some time, and again, that's not something I would say has been a sizable or
even, again, just barely above minimal impact in terms of us.

I think the markets for center of plate and beef do move around some, and I'd say, again, we experienced
a little bit more of acute inflation here in that category. I don't know that I'd look right now, though, out a
longer term and say, yes, there's some fundamental reason that there's going to be a highly inflationary
center of the plate markets for any time to come of any real significance.

Here's what I would say, though, just as a reminder, in terms of how we deal with some of those things
and why -- back to maybe your customer point, why this has been something actually we have historically
been a strong partner for our customers. And obviously, we have scale benefits that have allowed us to
-- in any of these types of moments, have access to products, have a traceability that, obviously, is deep
and well appreciated by our customers, the availability of substitutes. And so I think -- and alternative
products.

And so I think if you think back a few years ago, even when we had the issues with the avian flu, one of
the things that we were able to bring to our customers is simply the availability of product and, again, a
traceability program that actually ensure that those are safe and in the way that they would expect.

So I think -- I guess what I would say to summarize that all, again, decouple a little bit the African swine
flu elements that is not been something that we've done -- we've had a significant issue with, some center
of plate challenges right now, although, again, not necessarily looking at what I'd call acute inflation
to that area over the longer term. But in the event of any of those things, I think the company is well
positioned to manage through that stuff in a better way.

Operator

Our next question comes from Marisa Sullivan with BofA Securities.

Marisa Sullivan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Just wanted to circle back. Joel, I think you referenced some challenges with the implementation of your
Finance Transformation Roadmap. Just wondering if you can give a little bit more color on that and then in
the time frame for working through those. And then as it relates to working capital and free cash flow, can
you just comment on when or how quickly you might start to see improvements there?

Joel T. Grade
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sure. So a couple of things on -- so think about the Finance Technology Roadmap as -- in our history,
we would have had all of the finance-related functions, things like credit, things like cash AP, accounts
payable, general ledger, each of those types of areas that would actually have been in each individual
operating units that, over the last couple of years, enabled by technology, we've moved many of those
functions into a centralized place, and in some case -- and some cases, with an offshore partner as well.

And I think that what you're hearing us talk about here are challenges related specifically to local credit,
where, in the past, each one of our operating units would have had a credit department responsible for
credit and collections in each of their local markets.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

And in today's world, it's certainly, again, through the use of technology and a bit of a different structure,
we're just working through some of the bumps in terms of managing how to do that in a way that's more
somewhat market but also as much more centralized. And so again, an interesting example on working
capital of a process.

Accounts payable had some bumps along the way as well, and we had a little bit of a positive benefit, if
you will, on working capital on that in our previous year. That process has actually stabilized and, again,
in a strange way, had a little bit of a negative impact on working capital in the sense that we paid our
suppliers in a more efficient manner.

So I would say that, in general, we certainly feel confident about our ability to stabilize that. We're
certainly making the appropriate investments and leveraging the technology in order to do so, but there
are some short-term bumps that we're having along the way. And I actually, certainly in some of my
prepared comments, talked about the fact that we anticipate some of this continuing to improve over the
course of the year, and I certainly expect that to be the case.

The other point I would make, and just as a reminder as part of the free cash flow, is related to CapEx
on a year-to-date basis. If you remember at the end of our fiscal 2018, based on some opportunities
presented by U.S. tax reform, we actually accelerated the process of investing in some fleets that actually
then allowed us to invest at a lesser rate at the beginning of our fiscal 2019.

So where we've gotten back to what I'll call a more normalized capital spend as it relates to fleet, the
year-over-year comparison, certainly for the first half of the year, and again this will level out a little bit as
the year goes by, looks worse particularly due to that factor. So again, all that to say I do think we'll see
some improvement in this area in the second half and, certainly over the long term, feel good about where
we're at.

Marisa Sullivan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

And so then just very quickly. I'm wondering if you can give any comments about the current trends
you're seeing with independent restaurants. You saw a nice acceleration in your local case growth this
quarter, and I'm just wondering if you expect this to continue in the third quarter or if you can comment
on quarter-to-date trends.

Joel T. Grade
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think, look, a couple of things. I mean, I think the team did a great job of this. We talked about
actually a favorable exit rate from the first quarter that continued to accelerate over the course of this
quarter, particularly on our local business and I would say, particularly, in the area of account penetration.

So what this was not was just kind of going out and just -- people often ask, where did the growth come
from? And it wasn't so much in the area of new customers but is an area that, actually, as we've talked
about, is best for us in that further account penetration.

The market itself, I would say, is kind of where it has been. I think it's in a decent place. There's sort of
lots of reports that move around from time to time, and check sizes generally seem to be continuing to
elevate. Traffic seems to be flattish. A few say it's up a little, a few say it's down a little.

But I would generally say the market is in an okay place, probably similar to what it has been. But I think
-- again, certainly, a lot of good work by our teams in the U.S. to drive a strong level of growth, again,
certainly in the independent space. And we anticipate some of those trends continuing as well.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Q&A portion of today's conference. We'd like to thank
everybody for participating. You may all disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 03, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

