Sysco Corporation NYSE:SYY
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, November 03, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.27

0.34

25.93

0.41

1.80

3.01

Revenue  (mm)

12059.81

11777.38

(2.34 %)

13027.81

51632.90

57988.30

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-03-2020 2:13 PM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.84

0.60

(0.31)

0.27

0.85

0.45

(0.29)

0.34

SURPRISE

1.19 %

(25.00 %)

NM

25.93 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
SYSCO CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Joel T. Grade
Executive Vice President of
Business Development

Kevin P. Hourican
President, CEO & Director

Neil A. Russell
Senior VP of Corporate Affairs &
Chief Communications Officer

ANALYSTS

Alexander Russell Slagle
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Edward Joseph Kelly
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jeffrey Andrew Bernstein
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

John Edward Heinbockel
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

John William Ivankoe
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Kelly Ann Bania
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Nicole Marie Miller Regan
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning and welcome to Sysco's First Quarter Fiscal 2021 Conference Call. As a reminder, today's
call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Neil Russell, Vice
President of Corporate Affairs. Please go ahead.

Neil A. Russell
Senior VP of Corporate Affairs & Chief Communications Officer

Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Sysco's First Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call. On today's call,
we have Kevin Hourican, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Joel Grade, our Chief Financial
Officer.

Before we begin, please note that statements made during this presentation, which state the company's
or management's intentions, beliefs, expectations or predictions of the future, are forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, and actual results could
differ in a material manner. Additional information about factors that could cause results to differ from
those in the forward-looking statements is contained in the company's SEC filings.

This includes, but is not limited to, risk factors contained in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year
ended June 27, 2020, and subsequent SEC filings and in the news release issued earlier this morning. A
copy of these materials can be found in the Investors section at sysco.com or via Sysco's IR app.

Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. The
reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the corresponding GAAP measures are included at the end
of the presentation slides and can also be found in the Investors section of our website.

[Operator Instructions] And as an additional reminder, fiscal 2021 is a 53-week year for Sysco. At this
time, I'd like to turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Hourican.

Kevin P. Hourican
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Neil, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our call. I hope that you and your
families are staying safe and healthy during these unprecedented times.

During this morning's call, I'll spend time discussing Sysco's management of the COVID-19 crisis, how
we are strategically transforming the company to better serve our customers and grow the business. And
finally, I'll update everyone on the current state of our business environment. I'll then turn it over to Joel,
who will discuss Sysco's first quarter financial results.

Earlier this morning, Sysco reported first quarter fiscal year 2021 results that included substantial free
cash flow and $365 million of adjusted operating income despite a 23% sales decline. We are pleased with
these financial results in light of the significant constraints that are being placed upon our customers due
to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Sysco is doing more than anyone in the foodservice distribution industry to ensure the success of
the restaurants and customers that we serve. The impact of these efforts can be seen in the success
of customers that we serve relative to the broader industry. Sysco customers are closing at a lower
percentage and are generally outperforming the broader food-away-from-home industry.

Our leadership team is focused on managing the day-to-day business, supporting our customers and
delivering upon the largest business transformation in our company's history. This is important as our
transformation will enable Sysco to further differentiate from our competition and better serve our diverse
customer segments.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Examples of Sysco's management of the crisis during the first quarter include more than $8 billion of cash
and available liquidity, which ensures we have financial flexibility in this difficult operating environment.
Sysco is leading the industry with the work that we are doing to help our restaurant customers succeed,
delivering holiday toolkits for restaurateurs, creating marketplace pop-up shops, providing solutions to
extend the outdoor dining season. And finally, our culinary experts are helping restaurants narrow their
menu to increase profitability and tailor their offerings for takeout and delivery effectiveness.

Since pictures are worth a thousand words, I call your attention to Page #5 of our presentation. The right-
hand side of the chart shows an example of what we mean when we say extend to the patio season. This
is one of many solutions that our sales consultants are presenting to our customers to help them extend
their outdoor season. The left-hand side of the page is a visual of one of our latest foodie solutions, a
holiday season selling guide for our customers to leverage to maximize sales during what will be a unique
holiday season in 2020.

Importantly, we added $300 million in net new business in the first quarter, which totals more than $1.3
billion of new national business since the start of the pandemic. In addition to these wins at the national
level, we are winning new customers at the local level at an accelerated rate compared to prior year due
to an increased focus on prospecting new customers across our sales force.

At Sysco, we have the sales force strength and supply chain capacity to continue winning new business
at both the national and local level. These customer wins will enable Sysco to recover faster than the
overall market as economic conditions improve. This is evidenced by our current share gains in the overall
marketplace. Most importantly, we are leveraging the crisis to transform our company. And I am proud of
the work our associates have done to accelerate our strategic transformation.

Here at Sysco, we are successfully navigating through the biggest prices in our industry's history, and we
are substantially transforming our company for the future. Our business transformation is on track. We
are continuing work on our bold transformation that improves how we serve our customers, differentiates
Sysco from our competitors and transforms the industry. We are making substantial progress against the
4 crucial priorities we have shared with you previously. We are accelerating efforts across our customer-
facing tools and technology, which includes improving our digital order entry platform, Sysco Shop; our
CRM tool; and implementing a centralized pricing tool. Through these technologies, we will improve the
service to our customers.

By the end of the first quarter, the percentage of orders being placed through Sysco Shop increased to
approximately 60%. This substantial increase is a direct result of the improvements we are making to
the Shop platform combined with the consultation that our sales force has been providing customers on
how best to utilize the tools that we have built and soliciting that customer's feedback on what customers
most want to see in the Sysco Shop platform. This is a great example of how we leverage the power of our
human and digital capital.

Additionally, we are on track to begin piloting our new pricing software later this month. Our sales
transformation is centered around elevating our selling effectiveness with an improved, more customer-
centric structure. We will utilize data and analytics to help identify customer sales prospects and have
a new sales leadership structure that will allocate our talented resources most effectively against
those opportunities. Later this fiscal year, we will be leveraging our new sales process to pilot our first
meaningfully improved customer engagement strategy. This program will better address the needs of
specific customer segments, which will enable us to grow share.

Regionalization within our U.S. Broadline business is also on track. It is a key enabler of our other U.S.
transformation initiatives, and we are happy to say it is now complete. Our new leadership team is fully in
place, and we are seeing early wins from this new structure as a result of the strength of the leadership
team that was selected for these important roles.

Lastly, through our structural cost-out efforts, we are making significant progress in becoming a more
efficient company. We are on track to deliver the $350 million of structural savings we communicated
in our most recent call. As a reminder, the vast majority will flow through to the bottom line. We are

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

committed to returning value to our shareholders in funding our growth agenda. And we have a line of
sight to additional savings starting in fiscal '22 and beyond.

I am pleased today to welcome Judy Sansone to Sysco as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial
Officer. She is an experienced and highly talented leader who consistently delivers results and drives
transformative change. This newly created leadership role will bring marketing, merchandising, pricing
strategy, customer loyalty and e-commerce together under one leader, creating a compelling opportunity
for us to develop a commercial organization focused on profitably growing sales and inspiring customers to
buy more from Sysco. Judy started with the company in October.

Additionally, in August, we announced our new international business leader, Tim Ørting, who will be
joining the company soon. Tim is an experienced and highly talented European leader who has spent his
career in the food industry. He will be responsible for driving profitable growth and operational excellence
across our international geographies. It is clear that we are strengthening our leadership team and
increasing our organizational capabilities for the future.

I will now transition to the current business environment and the pace of our recovery. From a top line
sales perspective, the rate of sales for the quarter was consistent with our internal projections for business
recovery. We saw steady week-over-week improvement in sales at the beginning of the quarter and the
leveling of the improvement as we exited the quarter.

Our road to full recovery will be nonlinear. We remain vigilant in the current environment as new
restrictions on our customers in the second quarter are stalling the recovery at approximately minus 20%
compared to the prior year with potential for worsening results due to the additional COVID restrictions.
Where restrictions had eased, however, consumers are showing that they are ready to eat away from
home. Southern states and more rural geographies continue to meaningfully outperform national
averages. Restrictions on customers, plus or minus, will be the primary driver of the pace of our business
recovery until vaccines are more broadly available.

Subsequent to the end of the first quarter, select geographies are experiencing increased restrictions on
restaurant operations. We expect these restrictions to impact second quarter sales results, particularly
in Europe. I will note that at Sysco, we are more prepared now than ever to handle business disruption.
From inventory management, debt collections and operations efficiencies, we are better prepared for the
potential impact of a second wave on our business. As a reminder, despite the profound impact of COVID
on the business climate during the first quarter, Sysco produced positive adjusted operating income and
very strong positive free cash flow for the first quarter.

Sysco is focused on supporting our customers throughout this fluid operating environment, and our
strategy is to continue to provide robust support to our customers to help them succeed. We have
hosted hundreds of webinars with customers, and our industry-leading sales force has conducted tens of
thousands of business reviews to help our customers succeed during this challenging environment.

Recent business consultations are focused on succeeding during the upcoming winter season. We fully
recognize that we must go further to ensure our customers' success, and there is no company doing more
to help independent restaurants succeed than Sysco. As a result, our customer closure rate is lower than
the industry average. The customers that have engaged with Sysco on these consultative services are
outperforming the general market from a sales perspective, and we are winning overall market share
during this challenging environment due to our focus on new customer prospecting.

I want to give a heartfelt thanks to all of our Sysco associates who continue to help our customers grow
and succeed in this challenging environment. As essential workers, I am proud of their dedication and
resolute focus on our customers during these challenging times.

I'll now turn it over to Joel, who will discuss our first quarter results, along with additional financial details.
Joel, over to you.

Joel T. Grade
Executive Vice President of Business Development

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone. I want to start off by reminding everyone that fiscal year
2021 will be a 53-week year for Sysco. We will begin prepared remarks with first quarter results for Sysco
and results by business segment followed by an update on cash flow and capital spend for the quarter.

Our total Sysco results for the first quarter include a sales decrease of 23% to $11.8 billion. Local case
volume within U.S. Broadline operations decreased 21.6%, while total case volume within U.S. Broadline
operations decreased 25.8%. Gross profit decreased 25% to $2.2 billion, and gross margin decreased 39
basis points.

We had relatively flat exit rates for gross margins in the quarter, which was driven by favorable margins
in the paper and disposables category and specifically in PPE. There was an impact to our margin
comparison, primarily driven by increased sales of PPE products with some margin favorability. Margins
within this category have now normalized as demand has begun to stabilize.

Adjusted operating expense decreased 16% to $1.9 billion. Expense management during the first quarter
was strong due to the initiatives that we've executed thus far. We remain on track to meet the $350
million of structural savings we communicated in our fourth quarter earnings call. And as a reminder, the
vast majority of these savings will flow through to the bottom line, while a portion of the cost savings will
be reinvested into our growth agenda.

Adjusted operating income decreased 51% to $365 million. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the first quarter
was 19.7%, which is lower than usual and was driven by the favorable impacts of equity compensation
and other factors. Adjusted earnings per share decreased 65% to $0.34 for the quarter.

During the second half of fiscal 2020, Sysco recognized $323 million of excess bad debt expense due
primarily to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. That amount represented our best estimate of
what we expected the charges to be at that period in time. During the first quarter of fiscal 2021, we
experienced better-than-expected collections as both the resilience of our local customers has been
stronger than expected, and our teams have done tremendous work to improve processes around
collections. As a result, we recorded a net reduction of $77.8 million in our allowance for [ bad debt ] in
the first quarter of fiscal 2021.

Regarding an update on our customer segments. During the quarter, we saw better-than-expected
performance from local customers, specifically independent customers as they're growing at an
accelerated rate compared to total customer growth. Additionally, restaurants performed better than
expected, including improved performance throughout the first quarter in SYGMA as we are seeing
continued resiliency in the industry. Health care performed well throughout the first quarter, which was
offset by continued weakness in our foodservice management and hospitality segments.

I will now transition to our quarterly results by business segment, starting with U.S. Foodservice
Operations. Sales for the first quarter were $7.9 billion, which was a decrease of 26% versus the prior
year period. Gross profits decreased 25% to $1.6 billion for the quarter, and gross margin increased 7
basis points to 20.2%.

Sysco Brand sales for the first quarter increased 15 basis points to 38.8% of total U.S. cases, which is
driven by customer mix shift in brand penetration in certain categories. With respect to local U.S. cases,
Sysco Brand sales decreased 106 basis points to 46.3%. Our adjusted operating expenses decreased 19%
to $1.1 billion and adjusted operating income decreased 37% to $503 million.

Within our International Foodservice Operations segment, sales decreased 26%, gross profit decreased
26% and gross margin increased 4 basis points. Adjusted operating expenses decreased 15%, and
adjusted operating income decreased 81% to $19 million.

Our European business performed well throughout the first quarter considering COVID. However, we
continue to be cautious of new regulations and changing restrictions throughout France, Ireland and the
United Kingdom. In Canada, the business performed within expectations for the quarter. Within Latin
America, business was on track as local economies slowly reopened throughout Mexico, Costa Rica and
Panama.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Moving on to the SYGMA segment. Sales increased 5% to $1.5 billion compared to prior year period as
quick service and drive-through restaurants continued to thrive compared to other restaurant types and
we are winning new business. Gross profit increased 4% to $132 million for the quarter, and gross margin
declined by 7 basis points. Adjusted operating expenses increased 4% to $120 million, and adjusted
operating income increased 15% to $12 million.

In the other segment, our hospitality business guests worldwide, remains challenged as the customers in
that segment continued to see lower hospitality occupancy rates compared to normal levels. Lastly, as you
may recall, during the quarter, we sold a noncore asset, CAKE, as we choose to narrow our business focus.
As such, CAKE will no longer be in the other segments going forward.

Turning to cash flow and working capital. For the first quarter, cash flow from operations was $931
million. Free cash flow was $862 million, which was substantially higher than the same period last year.
Historically, the first half of the fiscal year provides lower cash flow for Sysco. However, this year, we saw
a positive DSO and working capital environment, which included a benefit from accounts payable and a
diminished use of cash in both accounts receivable and inventory. We are pleased with the work we have
done to improve the cash cycle throughout the past few quarters. This includes work we have done to
tighten up terms on new sales to customers as well as through supplier term extensions.

Net CapEx for the first 13 weeks of fiscal 2021 was $102.4 million lower compared to the prior period as
a result of our substantially reduced capital expenditures that were directed only to urgent projects and
targeted strategic investments that you heard Kevin talk about earlier in his remarks. I am pleased with
this strong cash flow performance during the first quarter.

Looking ahead to free cash flow for the remainder of the fiscal year, we anticipate that free cash flow will
initially decline for the next quarter or 2 due to the building of inventory and ongoing investments in the
business. That will be offset by anticipated free cash flow generation in the fourth quarter. Free cash flow
for the full fiscal year is expected to end flat to slightly positive compared to the end of the first quarter.

Lastly, I am proud to say that Sysco remains financially strong from a balance sheet perspective. As of
November 3, 2020, we have more than $8 billion of cash and available liquidity, which ensures us the
stability and flexibility to make decisions that are in the best interest of the company. We continue to
take definitive steps with the cash we have on our balance sheet. We redeemed early $750 million of our
outstanding senior notes in September and have paid down $1 billion on our revolving credit facility since
the start of the pandemic. This leaves us with the remaining outstanding balance of $700 million or $1.3
billion in available borrowings on our $2 billion revolving credit facility. Throughout the first quarter, we
maintained our strong liquidity position, and we're able to fund the redemption of the senior notes with
the free cash flow generated in the quarter.

With that said, I want to remind everyone that Sysco went into this crisis in a position of strength.
Although it has been a tough operating environment, we have managed well through the crisis and have
taken advantage of the opportunities the crisis presents to make bold transformational changes. We have
prioritized supporting our customers in this dynamic operating environment, and we believe our strategy
will continue to drive future value and growth for our associates, shareholders and customers.
And with that, operator, we are now ready for Q&A.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Kelly Bania from BMO Capital.

Kelly Ann Bania
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Joel and Kevin, I was wondering if you could maybe just talk a little bit more about the underlying
assumptions and those free cash flow projections that you just talked about for fiscal '21, especially in
light of maybe what you're seeing right now in the business?

Joel T. Grade
Executive Vice President of Business Development

Sure, Kelly. It's Joel. I'll take that. Thanks for the question. A couple of key points, I think, that are
important to remember as we talk about the free cash flow and specifically the modeling. Number one,
we've continued to have positive improvement in our working capital trends. And I think one of the things
that we've done a really good job of, and I think it's really across all different categories of working capital,
Kelly. The payable terms, as we've talked about, our collections on our receivables, our overall cash cycle
has gotten better throughout this crisis, which is, I think, really important.

And so in addition to that, we've done a really good job managing our inventories in terms of being able
to have product availability but also do so in a way that is, again, working capital efficient. So we do
anticipate many of those trends to continue, but I'll make a point there. As the year continues and as our
business continues to build back, and as we certainly do anticipate some of those trends continuing to
improve and then obviously, as we head into a fourth quarter, where we're certainly anticipating a sizable
year-over-year improvement, that's going to require working capital investment and in some cases, again,
a fairly substantial one as this business comes back.

And that's one of the things we talked about earlier in the crisis as one of the areas where Sysco has a
significant opportunity to do some things and I think others in this industry are going to struggle with. As
that business comes back, we'll be able to make those investments, but that is certainly something that,
as you think about the overall working capital trends, that are reflected in the cash flow forecast going
forward.

I think a couple of other quick things I would point out. Just one of the things that you do see in the
first quarter, in addition to some of the working capital trends that happened that are not necessarily
something to repeat through the year. First quarter is when we typically pay our incentive payments from
a cash perspective. And that was clearly something that we had less of this year than in previous years.
On the flip side of that, we also have a higher interest payment throughout the course of this year that will
be factored into our cash flow.

And then in Q2, one of the things we also expect is in prior years, you may recall that we have had tax
deferrals from floods that we've had in Houston, and we've had that for a number of years, actually. And
that actually allowed us to make -- delay the payment of our taxes that was -- would normally have been
due in the second quarter that was paid then in the second half of the year. We're not anticipating that this
year. And so there is going to be a cash tax -- detriment to cash, if you will, as we head into the second
quarter.

So those are a few of the puts and takes I'd call out, Kelly. I think generally speaking, again, we're very
pleased with the way we're managing the cash. Again, a sizable improvement from a working capital's
perspective. And again, as we said, anticipate the end of the year being flat to above where we ended up
here in the first quarter.

Kelly Ann Bania
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

And can you just help us think about just CapEx plans for the year?

Joel T. Grade
Executive Vice President of Business Development

Sure, of course. So I'd say with the following. And as we've talked about, we have cut back some of our
CapEx to what we call those specific and again, kind of mission-critical projects in a general sense. But
what we've also done is made -- targeted in strategic investments, and we'll continue to do that. I think
some of the things that you've heard Kevin talk about in terms of the ways we think about really and
truly accelerating our growth, those areas like investing in our shop platform, investing in pricing tools,
investing in those areas that are enhancing our sales organization and the way that we go to market.
Some of those really important pieces are areas we were making and are continuing to make strategic
investments in.

So Kelly, I think certainly, obviously, our CapEx number as a percent of sales is less than it has been and
will continue to be that as well. That will also be a contributor to some of the cash flow that we just talked
about. But nonetheless, again, our priority of this company from the use of cash, those -- continue to be
-- those investments that are going to fund future growth in this organization. And certainly, during this
crisis, we've continued to make those investments.

But clearly, we'll end up the year at a lesser rate than we typically have. If you recall, we've run a number
that is somewhere between 1.2% to 1.3% of sales as total CapEx, and we'll certainly be well below that
for the -- over the course of the total year.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Edward Kelly from Wells Fargo.

Edward Joseph Kelly
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Kevin, I was hoping that you could provide a bit more color around what you're seeing out there from a
sales trend standpoint. You talked about, I think, stalling out to sort of like down around 20%. But how
does the U.S. and international look within that? And then just thoughts around how you're thinking about
the fall and winter in each of these regions right now?

Kevin P. Hourican
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Thank you for the question. Happy to go a little bit deeper there. From a quarter perspective, we're
reasonably pleased with the performance overall. And I'd say met or slightly exceeded our expectations
broadly across all regions of the globe. And quite frankly, Europe in Q1 was a strength of ours, certainly
versus Q4, but also just in aggregate.

What I alluded to in our prepared remarks, is, obviously, you've been reading about the increased
restrictions in Europe. We've all been reading about it, and it is going to impact our restaurant customers
in Europe. It's a little bit too soon to tell, is the honest answer. I know you want more than that, but this is
late-breaking and happening as we speak.

I would say that did not impact our October results. October was reasonably consistent, flattish to the exit
velocity of Q1, which is a good thing. November, I would anticipate there to be softening of performance
coming from Europe. The restrictions at this time are pretty significant.

I do want to call out some detailed nuances, however, on what's different in Q2 of our fiscal versus what
was happening back in Q4 at the beginning of the pandemic. Restaurant operators in Europe in the
countries that we are operating within can continue to do takeout and delivery. It's on-prem dining is what
has been closed down. That is very different than what was happening in Europe back at the beginning of
the pandemic.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

It was a hard shutdown in Europe back in March and April. And you remember, Europe didn't open back
up until our July 4 here in the United States. So Europe meaningfully entered the crisis earlier. Lockdowns
were substantially more significant and lasted much longer.

It's a fluid situation, Ed. What we know at this time is that this particular lockdown, the goal of most of
the government leaders is for it to be roughly 1 month. That's what they've explicitly stated. We'll see if
that is, in fact, the time line, but the desire is a pretty hard lockdown in November to reopen in December.
They desire for holidays to have some form of normalcy, and they're trying to really bend the curve the
second time here in November.

So 2 pieces of positive. The duration should be quite a bit shorter. We'll see if that's the case. And more
importantly, restaurant operators are capable of doing takeout and delivery, which many of them are
proving good at doing because we've been at this now for 7, 8 months.

As I pivot to the United States, as you know, it's state by state. Now that might change. But for now, in
the United States, it's state by state. I mentioned in our prepared remarks, our southern states and our
rural geographies are performing quite well, substantially better than the national average. The major
urban centers, California as a state are struggling, and it's directly tied to the restrictions that are being
placed on operators.

The third piece, which comes up often and I'll just lean into it here, is pending cold weather and the
impact that, that will have on outdoor dining. We've been working on that for months. As I mentioned in
my prepared remarks, our sales consultants are going customer by customer by customer, enabling an
extension of that outdoor patio dining and helping our customers in like stations like Chicago, which are
now not able to do on-prem dining, again, maximize takeout, maximize delivery.

I think the biggest takeaway here from my narrative is our customers are more prepared to keep their
business up and running and vibrant during this second wave. And we certainly are more prepared from
an inventory management perspective, expense control perspective, and we're really leaning in to make
sure that every customer has a website that is usable on a mobile phone that takeout and delivery or
logical, intuitive. And if they don't have a delivery partner, we're connecting them with one.

So November, to be determined. I wish I could share more about what's going to happen in the future.
But these restrictions are changing on a weekly basis, and we're doing everything we can to maximize the
support of our customers during this difficult time.

Edward Joseph Kelly
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And maybe just one follow-up on that, probably maybe for Joel, but how do we think
about the level of EBIT that you generate with sales down 20%? And I guess this is because it actually
seems a little bit more complicated than just looking at Q1, right? Because your gross margin performance
was good, you had a flat exit rate, which is certainly encouraging. But it sounds like gross margin might
not be flat sort of going forward. So I'm kind of curious as to how you think about that. And then you've
been cutting costs, which maybe are still ramping in. So any way you can sort of help us around how to
think about what the performance of the business with total sales down 20?

Joel T. Grade
Executive Vice President of Business Development

Yes, sure. A couple of things. I'll start and Kevin can chime in if he wants. The -- clearly, I mean,
obviously, on a positive note, we certainly had -- again, the $365 million of income we generated was on
23% down business. And obviously -- so certainly, our ability to be profitable at levels of business well
below where we had previously have been, obviously, is very strong.

I think a couple of puts and takes to think about that in general. So from a margin perspective, a couple
of points I would call out. One of the things that we talked about in the script was the fact that from a
business mix perspective, our local and even more specifically, independent restaurant customers, which is

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

our highest margin business, are those that are actually performing at a rate that is in excess of the rate
that our overall business is performing.

And so we often talk about the business, the wins that we've had in the national account space. And
certainly, obviously, again, those generate great gross profit dollars, which I'll take every day of the week
at a slightly lower margin rate. But again, broadly speaking, our independent business is performing well
and better than our overall business. So that's a positive on the margin side.

Another part of that to think about when you think about our margins is the fact that our foodservice
management hospitality customers, which are areas that are actually lower-margin business, are actually
struggling, as we've talked about, in a higher weight. So I think from a customer mix perspective, there's
some decent parts of that in terms of how we think of our overall margin.

From a product mix perspective, we talked about, there is some from paper disposables, and it's really
related to just the fact that we sold a lot of those products during the first quarter, and we're expecting
demand to moderate some there. But overall, from a margin perspective, I think our year-over-year rate
variance, Ed, we anticipate remaining relatively consistent. So you should think about that over the next
couple of quarters.

From an expense perspective, we've talked about the fact that we've -- we're well on track for this cost
takeout. The $350 million that we've talked about for this year, we talked about the fact that the vast
majority of that is going to our bottom line. I would think about that as somewhere north of the 80%
range of that is actually going to the bottom line. And reminder that about 2/3 of our cost structure is
variable whereas the rest would be -- the other 1/3 would be fixed.

And so I think those are some of the things I would think about as we head into these next few quarters.
Again, I think this work that we've done, both from a margin perspective, again, we've got people in our
rev man area, our finance area, our sales teams that are aggressively working to continue the work that
we've done in the margin area, which has generally been good. Again, on track for cost takeouts as we
discussed and lots of great stuff there. And I think all those things are how I would think about the EBIT
performance, which again, continues to be positive even as our sales obviously are down.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of John Heinbockel from Guggenheim.

John Edward Heinbockel
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Two things. Let me start maybe with one for Kevin. The segment-oriented sales effort, what does that
entail, broadly speaking, product, pricing, service? And when do you think that can move the needle?
During COVID, is that the -- is that an opportunity? Or is this sort of setting up for the recovery?

Kevin P. Hourican
President, CEO & Director

Yes, John, thank you for the question. It is exactly what you just articulated from a segment perspective.
So I'm not, on today's call, actually going to declare which the segment is because we want to introduce
it to our customers or broadly to the marketplace. But we have chosen a specific customer segment. And
we have a dedicated focused team that's working full time on how Sysco can better serve that customer
profile.

And it's across everything you said, tailored assortment, tailored pricing, promotional offers that are
unique and bundled for that specific customer type that are time-bound and then introduce to those
customers through a specialized dedicated sales expert in that category. So it's our first, let's call it,
national effort tied to really winning within a given specific customer type.

And what's different from the past, because I know you have a lot of history with understanding Sysco,
is we have a dedicated full-time team working on how do we maximize our ability to serve that specific
customer type. So I think it will be during and after COVID. During COVID, I believe we have the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

opportunity to win more of the unique customers or doors in that segment. We believe we can increase
our penetration with that segment.

But I really do believe this is, from a post-COVID perspective, a tailwind that will help us for the long term.
And this is the first, John, of what will be many. We're going to do this in many different sectors, Mexican,
Italian, Asian and the like. We'll do it across essentially all of the major sectors. But we've chosen one, an
important one to Sysco.

And we're going to be piloting it this fall. We're going to learn a lot. And then we will take the winning
elements of that pilot and expand it nationwide. And that's the power of Sysco. We can pilot things with
dedicated experts. And when we find the winning recipe, when we find the winning formula, we can
expand it out. And our new regionalization leadership structure, which we know a lot about, is more
prepared than in the past to be able to absorb that type of a best practice and implement it in a more
agile and timely manner.

John Edward Heinbockel
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

And then maybe secondly, right, you think about share gains, both -- and I'm thinking more local, right?
So you think about new customers to you and then you think about existing customers with higher share.
Those 2 buckets, has one of them outperformed the other when you think about your share gains? And
how have either of those compared to what you thought maybe a couple of months ago, as you thought --
or are the share gains greater or lesser than you envisioned in those areas?

Kevin P. Hourican
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I'm asked often, does our restaurant closures going to have a permanent headwind on Sysco's
results, and I have a different view on that. First of all, I think restaurants are resilient, and the
bankruptcy rate is showing to be less than what many had modeled, which is a favorable item.
More importantly, Sysco has a meaningful ability to grow even if the pie were slightly smaller in the
future for, John, the 2 elements that you just said. 30% share of wallet on average today for our
independent customers, we have the opportunity to move that upward in a meaningful way through
our transformation. And the second is we serve less than half of the available doors out there in the
marketplace from an independent perspective.

Those 2 data points are substantial. We have the opportunity to meaningfully increase the number of
unique doors we serve above the, on average, 50% we have today, and we have the ability to grow our
share of wallet with existing. You asked a straightforward question, which is in this current environment,
which has been the bigger lever. Winning new customers, John has been the bigger lever in the current
environment. We are doing more new customer prospecting than at any other point in time in our history.
We've updated our sales compensation model to actually pay for that behavior for those outcomes, and it's
having an impact. People do what they get paid to do and they're motivated by it.

And so our sales force, which is the largest in the industry, has been skilled up and trained up on how to
do new customer prospecting. They're doing role play with their supervisors, and they're going out routes
on the street, knocking on doors. And we're winning new customers at the local level at an accelerated
rate versus prior year. So currently, it's from winning new customers. I would say for the long term, John,
the bigger lever will be the 30% share of wallet. But both of them pack a pretty powerful punch.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Silberman from Crédit Suisse.

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

So just a follow-up on the last question. Are you willing to quantify the relative impacts of closures,
new customer acquisition, comp declines from the restaurant side? And I guess, wallet share expansion
though, it doesn't seem like much right now with respect to what you're seeing with local case growth?
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Kevin P. Hourican
President, CEO & Director

Yes. We prefer today not to break out that data. One, there's a lot of moving parts on the closure side.
Are they closed temporarily? Are they closed permanently? Customers communicate their closing and then
2 weeks later, they reopen. We've got -- in some select northern geography, people are closing for the
winter, but they're planning to reopen in the spring.

So there's a lot of moving data there that we would prefer not to convey. What we can clearly articulate is
we are winning share. We're winning share at the national level through the $1.3 billion worth of national
sales wins that we have posted since the beginning of COVID and net new $300 million since the last time
we spoke.

What we did not communicate on prior calls, which we are communicating today, is we are winning share
at the local level. And I believe that, that will actually accelerate over time as our sales force gets better
at doing that type of work. The sales compensation model that I just spoke to is still new in driving the
behaviors, which I believe will continue.

As it relates to closures, I would say it's in the single digits, high single digits, where -- as you've heard
industry reports that we're substantially higher than that. But beyond that one data point, I'd prefer not to
get into more details.

Lauren Danielle Silberman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. That's very helpful. And then just on the gross margin. You've talked about the accelerated growth
among local customers. It sounds like that will really be the focus going forward, some benefit from
elevated PPE at better margins. So do you see any opportunity for sustainably higher gross margins
coming out of this should local customer mix settle at a higher percentage of Sysco sales?

Kevin P. Hourican
President, CEO & Director

Yes. One of the strengths of Sysco is that we over-index at the local level. And I would believe that, that
strength will continue over time as evidenced by the new selling model that we have, the compensation
change that I referenced. And yes, that would be a stated intention of Sysco is to increase the percentage
of our total business over time in the independent local customer business, which comes at a much higher
rate.

But that does not mean that we won't pursue national sales. I think at times in the past, people have tried
to box us into -- is it A or B? It can be A and B. So we're going to grow at the local level, we believe, at a
rate that will lead the industry. And we have the supply chain flexibility and capacity to win business at the
national level as well.

So right now, we're seeing some favorability in gross margin rate because of business mix. Joel covered
that very well. His point on the PPE was in Q1. We had some time-based favorability in that category,
which is normalized because supply and demand have come into alignment. In Q2, you would expect a
more normal run rate of gross margin, and we're not highlighting any specific concerns.

Joel T. Grade
Executive Vice President of Business Development

Yes, Lauren, I think I would just add -- I'm sorry. I would just add, really, 2 quick things to that. Even your
question on the ability to add to that customer mix, if you will, through the local. I mean some of the work
that we're investing in from a pricing perspective is also some of that work that we do believe over the
long term will be significantly beneficial both from a margin percentage as well as a growth percentage,
and again, all for that category. So certainly, we do believe that.

The other part, just to build on one thing Kevin said, it certainly doesn't mean we're not interested in
growing in the national space. I think at the end of the day, I always recall I like percentages. I like margin

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

dollars even better. And so I mean, I think the -- those customers do drive significant gross profit dollars
into our business. And so just a couple -- just again, small builds on something Kevin said as it relates to
your questions.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Alex Slagle from Jefferies.

Alexander Russell Slagle
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I wonder if you could talk a little more about your success with new customer prospecting activities and
accelerating digital platforms? Still seems like it's early innings. And any more color on what the pipeline
looks like and margin profile of the new business wins?

Kevin P. Hourican
President, CEO & Director

Alex, thank you for the question. I'll start. This is Kevin. I haven't spoken about the digital activities yet
on the call, so I'll go there first. And I'll answer the margin profile, and then I'll end with kind of what's
resonating with the customers that we're winning and why Sysco and why are we winning.

We're really pleased with our progress in the Shop digital platform. We communicated on today's call that
we have approximately 60%, 6-0, of our orders now being placed through Shop. That is a substantial
increase from where we've been. And it's not because we're forcing that too on our customers. That's a
big difference. We are seeing that increase because the tools become easier to use, more inspiring from
what our customers should be buying. We're providing a suggested order. We're providing them other
customers like you who are also buying the following things, Sysco Brand penetration opportunities, menu
design options and suggestions. Click here if you like this menu, and everything you need will be on your
next truck. It's a really powerful vehicle and our customers are responding.

We've also skilled up our sales force to embrace it. And we believe, as I said in my prepared remarks, that
this is the combination of the human capital that we have, which is the largest sales force in the industry,
and this powerful digital tool. The digital improvements are not in competition with our local sales force.
That is a very significant point.

We do not view this as a means to reduce our sales force presence. We view it as a means to get our sales
force more focused on consultative selling and less time being spent on manual things like hand keying an
order or changing pricing every Friday in a manual way. We're automating pricing. We're automating order
entry through the shop tool, which is really unleashing our sales force to spend more time on value-added
activities.

So we're really pleased with the progress that's happening in that space in a really short order. We've
moved to an agile development methodology. We're deploying new code on an every 2-week basis. Really
positive outcomes.

What that's resulted in is more time spent on that new prospecting activity. To answer your question on
margin rate, we are winning the new customer rate equal to our historical averages, both at the national
level and the local level. That's the answer to that question.

On the why they're choosing Sysco, it's a couple of things. One, as Joel said, we have the financial
strength to be able to be in stock and have the inventory available to ship on time and shift in full, and
that is not actually happening in the industry at large. That's why we're winning at the national level for
sure. We even have customers coming to us expressing concerns about their ability to get what they need
when they need it, and they're confident that Sysco can support them. And that's the biggest unleash at
the national level.

At the local level, many of these customers are just doors that we've never knocked on before. And they
don't actually or didn't actually understand the breadth and depth of the capabilities of Sysco and that we
desire to serve them. Some perceived that maybe they were too small for Sysco to be interested in them.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

And the reality is our supply chain is flexible that we can support both big customers and small and we can
do so profitably. So that's a bundle around why they're choosing to do business with Sysco. And again, we
see that accelerating over time.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Nicole Miller from Piper Sandler.

Nicole Marie Miller Regan
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Two quick questions. The first one is on the local and independent commentary around performing better
than the overall system. And I'll admit, I just don't remember that level of detail nor that performance,
frankly. And so I was wondering, when did that pivot occur for the locals and independents? And do you
think it's just a function of time? Or is it because of some closures and they have less competition? Is it
the last man standing essentially?

Kevin P. Hourican
President, CEO & Director

That's a good question, Nicole. Thank you. This is Kevin. I'll break it down into 2 parts. And we've not
publicly communicated the percentages. But with confidence and with accuracy, we can quote these 2
points. The first is closure rate, and it comes from Yelp. So it comes from a third-party source, not internal
data. Sysco customers are closing at a lower rate than the national average of closure.

Is it a chicken or an egg? We'd like to believe it's because of the significant work that we're doing to help
ensure their success. With menu redesign for takeout, we've connected tens of thousands of customers
through a delivery courier on and on and on to help them fight through. And that is a fact-based data
point that our customers are closing at a lower rate than the national average, point one.

Point two is the second data point we've said, and I'll just be really clear on what it was. Those customers
that we've succeeded with engaging with them on what we call our value-added services, which would
be takeout delivery, menu redesign, optimization of their web experience, in-restaurant cleanliness
improvement to be able to make customers be safe -- feel safe, excuse me, with on-prem dining. That's
what I would bucket all of those things into the value-added services. Those customers that have engaged
with us or we've engaged on those things are meaningfully outperforming, those customers that have
chosen to be more passive. That's fact-based.

And our objective during the second wave of COVID is to touch every single one of our customers with
those services because we know when we do them, when we improve their website, when we have
contactless menus -- perhaps you've been out recently, I'll just do a quick one there. I had the opportunity
to go out on Saturday night, and there was a QR code on the middle of the table. Just take your phone,
take a picture of the QR code, brings up a contactless menu. You can order your meal without even
speaking to a waitress or waiter.

You can actually pay through your mobile phone. You don't have to touch a credit card or a payment
device. And you get up and leave. And it's outdoor dining or it's an on-prem dining where that's allowed.
And it's clean, it's safe, it's comfortable. And we've helped many, many thousands of our customers with
those experiences, even small customers that have less sophistication in that regard. So for those that
we've engaged, and we're being very proactive about this, they're meaningfully outperforming national
average.

Joel T. Grade
Executive Vice President of Business Development

And actually, Nicole, if I could just address one part of your question on sort of as -- think about this as
we're not only servicing the restaurant industry. Remember, this is what we're talking about here -- and it
isn't really new. It's just really the first quarter we've decided to call it out here specifically throughout as
this crisis has evolved.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

But the hospitality sector clearly is an area that's been challenged. The area -- the food service
management sector has clearly been an area that's been challenged. There's parts of education, obviously,
that have been challenged in these ways. And so our over-indexing in this business area is something
that's starting to come through. When you combine that with the resilience of the industry and the work
we've done that Kevin has talked about is the reason, from a mix perspective, you're seeing what you're
seeing.

Nicole Marie Miller Regan
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I appreciate the finer points on that. And just a second and last question. I couldn't agree more about the
strength of the restaurant industry and how it will come back. So I'm trying to think past this. And what
I'm seeing before, during, and now again, well, still, I guess, in the pandemic is restaurant consolidation.
So it's not closures, it's not bankruptcy. There's some of that, but it's consolidation. Strategic buying
somebody and putting portfolios together.

And so as we see that happening, I'm extremely curious about the impact to distribution. So whether
or not they're public or private, but more so you're putting a bunch of brands together like we see
announcements even this week of big brands. What happens when I come back to you as a distributor?
Clearly, you could be getting more doors, more stores, more concepts as they do that, but do they also
push to get a better deal?

Kevin P. Hourican
President, CEO & Director

Yes, it's a good question. And I'll start with one of your premises, which is, will there be a reduction in the
number of doors and will the strong get stronger? I think that's a logical hypothesis. It's one that we've
been communicating for a while. What Neil says well is what we know is food-away-from-home fatigue --
food-at-home fatigue, excuse me, is real, and people want to go out to eat. We can see it. We see it in the
data.

As soon as restrictions are eased, the consumers back out and they're out of their home and experiencing
a dining experience. We can see it in the data. In the United States, because it's so varying what the
restrictions are, I can tell you, state by state, the states that have fewer restrictions are meaningfully
outperforming. That gives me optimism that as this pandemic begins to abate, the customer is ready,
they're willing, they're able and they do it quickly. There's not a meaningful latency between the
restrictions improving and their ability to get out of their home in experiencing a good meal.

As it relates to the number of doors, yes, I would anticipate there will be fewer doors in the future. In
aggregate, that is a good thing for Sysco. Our drop size will improve, which increases our efficiencies of
both our order selectors and our warehouses and the drivers doing delivery. The most time-consuming
part of the delivery is actually the stop, the opening of the truck to putting on the ramp to getting the
product to the customer's door. And as we can increase drop size, that's a meaningful benefit.

In aggregate, that's a positive thing for this company. As it relates to negotiations with key partners, we'll
keep that private with our key partners. But in aggregate, I would say, reducing the number of doors
overall is a positive for this company.

Joel T. Grade
Executive Vice President of Business Development

Yes, I do think that...

Nicole Marie Miller Regan
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

And just to put a finer point on my question. Sorry to interrupt, but let me just see -- Dunkin', right? It's
going private. It's going into a portfolio. So I don't know if you had Dunkin' before or not. It's not about
Dunkin', let's say, but they were stand-alone. And once they get put into the portfolio with 4 other brands,
and this happens all day long, private to private, public to private, the portfolios are growing, right?
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

So those -- the doors don't close. And that's -- I didn't clarify consolidation. I'm saying a stand-alone
company getting put into a portfolio now with a whole bunch of concepts and they're pitching to us scale.
And part of that scale is beating up on the distributor. Does that happen? Or is it good for you because it's
easier access to all of those brands?

Kevin P. Hourican
President, CEO & Director

I would say Sysco would be uniquely positioned to be successful in the environment that you're describing.
Our breadth, our depth, our national scale, our ability to be able to support a customer like that coast-to-
coast is viewed favorably by them. And long term, I'd say that's a positive for this company. And I prefer
not to get into margin discussions vis-à-vis negotiations, but I think you understand my answer and I'm
being clear.

Nicole Marie Miller Regan
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Yes, absolutely. And I apologize for the interruption. I don't think I asked the question right the first time.

Kevin P. Hourican
President, CEO & Director

Yes, no problem. Thank you for the question.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of John Glass from Morgan Stanley.

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

First, could I just ask about the $350 million of cost saves, is that -- was that fully resident in this quarter?
Like if I [ put a quarter ] of that, is that how to think about it? Or does that phase in through the quarters?
And if it does phase in, how we should think about that? And I assume it's all contained within '21. In
other words, it's not a run rate at the end of '21, but it's $350 million in this fiscal year.

Joel T. Grade
Executive Vice President of Business Development

Sure, I'll start with the last part of your question. Yes, that is an amount that's contained in FY '21. But
what I would also emphasize is we certainly have a line of sight to cost that is -- over and above that is
that we would look at moving forward. So that's certainly an important point. But as it relates to that, I
mean, I would say that the distribution of that cost is relatively consistent across the quarters. And I think
some of it is ramping up as we go throughout the year.

But I would say, generally speaking, since the beginning of this pandemic, you'll recall that we took some
really, really swift and decisive action, both from a permanent and temporary cost out perspective. And so
some of the work we've done on structural cost that is leading into that $350 million, it was well underway
as we headed into this year.

So again, I would tell you, again, it's relatively well distributed. Again, as we talked about earlier on the
call, the vast majority of that is going to go down to our bottom line, but some of it will also be reinvested
as well.

John Stephenson Glass
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And then if I could just ask on the M&A outlook. I understand this is a tenuous time, and there's a lot of
-- buyers and sellers may not be on the same page. But how do you think about both domestically tuck-
in acquisitions? Is this the right time to start reengaging? I know now that we're off the bottom, we had
some visibility. And as you think about the European business, in particular, since there's probably even

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

just greater runway there, et cetera, is this an opportunity to also to take advantage of this period of
time? Or is it too early?

Joel T. Grade
Executive Vice President of Business Development

Yes. Well, I'd say a couple of things. First of all, from an engagement perspective, both from, I would call,
an inbound and outbound calls perspective, we've had a fairly significant level of engagements related to
this. Clearly, as this thing has evolved, and clearly, if it continues to drag on for longer, there's -- there's
going to continue to be struggles within that industry. And so there's been plenty of discussions.

I think I would just say that it's -- it has to make sense for us. It has to make sense that -- and when
we think about -- you said, buyers and sellers not necessarily on the same page, I think that's still true
in the sense that multiple expectations are still quite high. And this idea that we're -- I always joke, it's
like the housing crisis back in '08, '09. People were kind of holding on to decide how long they can try to
sell their houses at a higher price. And so I think there's some of that happening here in the M&A space
domestically.

And as it relates to Europe, I think our -- certainly, our first priority in Europe is to continue to stabilize our
existing business. That doesn't mean we don't have discussions or eyes out for opportunities, but I would
say that is not our primary focus in our business in Europe at this point.

Kevin P. Hourican
President, CEO & Director

This is Kevin. I'll just -- I'll do one build, if I could. And I've said before, we wish ill upon no one in this
business. But another piece of this puzzle is, do you buy it or do you just jump right over a competitor
and go straight to their customer and win the business and which has a higher financial return. So we're
modeling all of those things. And we've had some substantial wins this year, where yes, we could have
perhaps bought a company. But the more cost-effective way was actually to go direct to the customer and
win the business.

And I do not mean we're buying it through rate. We're being market competitive. The wins that we have,
have been at our historical average margin ratios, but they see the confidence in Sysco. Joel covered it
well with inventory availability and our cash ability to fund growth. They see it, it's real, and we're able
to win business because of that. And if the opportunity is right and the company is right and the price is
right, then yes, there will be opportunities for acquisitions. And Joel is very active in that regard.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of John Ivankoe from JPMorgan.

John William Ivankoe
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

There's a lot that was said, and I think it was all very good color around the above-average survivability
of your independent restaurants that you serve. So that's just reiterating what you've already said. And
it got me thinking about how you could potentially help some of these customers or potentially the new
customers who survive and even thrive at an increased rate in the future.

So as certain markets like Chicago, as you cited, enter into reducing on-premise dining and the potential
elsewhere or the fact of capacity in New York and other places aren't going to be added back to 100%
anytime soon. In different periods, whether it's months or it's quarters, does Sysco consider extending its
working capital facilities to restaurants? I mean does it make sense or could it potentially be the case that
you could enter into some short-term working capital agreements with independent restaurants that could
potentially translate into medium and long-term business for you?

And I did hear, Joel, in the prepared remarks that you said that terms are tighter for new customers.
Could you elaborate on that and whether that would be something that would be ongoing? Or it's a trend
or it could potentially go the other direction?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Kevin P. Hourican
President, CEO & Director

John, it's Kevin. I'm going to just start at the higher level, and then I'm going to toss to Joel specifically
to talk about the good work his team is doing on our customer payable side. Your question is more
about what more can Sysco do to ensure the success of our customers? Trust us, like every day, every
meeting, every employee of Sysco wakes up every day thinking about that exact question. And we have a
whiteboard bigger than the room that we're sitting in with ideas. So we're not even close to done on all of
the things that we can do.

I obviously can't talk yet about things that aren't public, but know that we're turning over every rock to
determine how best to help our customers. I just want to ensure we have a ton of gas still in the tank on
things that we're doing that many, many customers haven't yet engaged on.

That example I gave earlier about a contactless menu with a mobile app version of a menu that's easy to
use, directly linked to a delivery partner at a cost-effective delivery rate, there's a lot there. And a small
percentage of independent restaurants are doing that, let's call it, exceptionally. I view it as our imperative
to have every one of our partners do that work exceptionally, and we can do that work to help them better
than anyone else.

As it relates to working capital, I'm proud of Joel's team. As he said, we actually had a strong quarter from
a receivables collection perspective, and he can walk you through both the -- what we're doing on our P&L
side and also what we're doing to help our customers. Joel, over to you.

Joel T. Grade
Executive Vice President of Business Development

Sure. Thanks, Kevin. Yes, a couple of key points here. First of all, when we talk about pre COVID
receivables, John, and the work that we did -- you heard us talk about lowering our bad debt reserve. A
lot of that had to do with the fact that we're continuing to make collections, significant collections over and
above what we anticipated even on those pre-COVID receivables. Many of those are essentially payment
plans with customers. And so when you say how have we used our working capital to help our customers,
that's really what we're talking about. And so again, we're in a good place there with those customers. It
certainly helped them. And again, we've collected at over and above rates.

The other point I would make as it relates to talking about moving forward and helping customers. If you
recall, maybe about a year ago, we talked about the fact that we rolled out a new centralized credit and
collections process. We had some bumps along the way. But Kevin and I were talking about this the other
day, and it's like, wow, thank goodness we have that today. Because what has given us now is the ability
to use, again, centrally managed technology and predictive analytics to essentially separate customers
into different tiers to develop specific targeted strategies for each of them.

So for customers where we feel terms need to be tighter, we're actually, again, communicating between
our centralized organization and our field organization in order to execute that. For those though that
actually we do have opportunities that we can help continue to do so, we do that. So there's no one size
fits all. But again, the centralized management, predictive analytics, improved technologies that allowed
us to actually have -- do that work in a way that's been really effective through this process and I think
will continue to allow us to do both of the things that you said.

Operator

Your final question comes from the line of Jeffrey Bernstein from Barclays.

Jeffrey Andrew Bernstein
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. 2 questions. Just one on the new business side. I think you mentioned, right, $1.3 billion
annualized, up from $1 billion previously. And I think you noted that it's primarily national, but I just
wanted to confirm that. But any color on whether it's quick service versus casual dining? And would you
expect the new business dollars to continue to ramp from the $1.3 billion? I think you noted no capacity
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

constraints. Perhaps that's part of your theory around pushing that 30% wallet penetration. So just
wondering maybe where that 30% could go ultimately? And then I had one follow-up.

Kevin P. Hourican
President, CEO & Director

Yes, sure. On the $1.3 billion, it is national customer wins. I tried to be clear about that in my prepared
remarks, but I'll be even more clear now. So the $1.3 billion is national. And you asked, is there more gas
in that tank? The answer is yes. We have a pipeline of customer opportunities that is robust that we are
pursuing.

It's a combination of existing customers where we could expand the geographies that we serve with them
and net new customers. It's mostly in QSR but not QSR. We have a few health care wins that are notable
in there as well. And we have the fulfillment capacity and the transportation capacity to continue to win in
that regard. And as I mentioned, we're not buying that business. It's at historically strong margin levels.

I have not quoted the local growth other than to say we're winning market share at Sysco. And so we're
trying to parse it out that way because at the local level, there's a lot of noise with select restaurant
closures, with overall ticket for restaurant being down because of restrictions on their on-prem dining. But
I can say with confidence that we are winning more new local business than at any other point in Sysco's
history. It's a significantly elevated rate versus prior years. And the new compensation model plus the fact
that we're focused on it from, as I mentioned, role play and sales leadership perspective. And I believe
there's an accelerating opportunity in that regard as well.

So at the national level, there are still many sales prospects available from an opportunities perspective.
At the local level, it's about our sales force, which is the largest in the industry, ability to win new
business. And I'll toss to you for your follow-up.

Jeffrey Andrew Bernstein
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Yes. And then -- well, actually, just to clarify, what do you think that 30% wallet penetration can go to? I
mean it would seem like customers don't necessarily want to put all their eggs in one basket, so I guess
customers are torn between giving more share to you versus being protected by having a diversified
supplier base. So just wondering, based on maybe some accounts that you've seen that has much larger
than 30%, where you would say that goal would be for that 30% today?

Kevin P. Hourican
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I'm going to save that question for our Investor Day because one of our key components of our long-
term strategy is how we will increase that share of wallet. Going back to John Heinbockel's question,
he asked me for the current versus the long term, which lever is the bigger lever. For the long term,
increasing that 30% is the biggest lever, and we are bullish on that. Our long-term strategy, which we will
unveil and talk about in much more detail at Investor Day, we'll explain how.

We will actually put some size of the [ prized ] math on the table at that point in time where we can
articulate for you each of the key components of our strategy, what they're worth. We have done
that math. We've just not gone public with it yet given the fact that COVID is unpredictable and
restaurant restrictions are unpredictable and how long it will take for us to get through this pandemic is
unpredictable.

So we believe we can move that number meaningfully higher. We have many customers, independent
customers where that number is meaningfully higher. It comes back to what are the reasons why, to
your point, they don't choose to do more with us. Pricing is the #1 reason why a customer chooses to do
business with more than 1 distributor. And transparency and lack of trust in pricing is the double-click into
that topic.

We will make meaningful progress on that customer pain point with the deployment of our national
strategic pricing tool. We will increase transparency. We will increase trust by being right on price on the
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

items that matter most, and we believe that is a very significant lever to improve share of wallet, which
Joel mentioned briefly earlier.

Assortment is topic 2, increased availability of fresh and premium. And we're making significant efforts to
increase our availability and access and ability to deliver fresh. Best at fresh is something we talk about
internally, and our ability to be able to increase share of wallet by being better at fresh and best at protein
and we're confident in our capabilities. The third bucket would be supply chain services, and I'm going to
save that one for our upcoming Investor Day.

Jeffrey Andrew Bernstein
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Got it. And then just the other question was just on cost savings and your ability to do more with less.
You highlighted how your adjusted operating income was quite strong despite sales down 20-plus percent.
So I'm just wondering whether you would be able to quantify at a reduced breakeven level. And then you
mentioned having a line of sight on additional savings beyond the $350 million, some -- I think you said
starting next year. So I'm just wondering to what magnitude? Are we talking about something similar to
$350 million? Or now we're talking about smaller pieces in out years?

Joel T. Grade
Executive Vice President of Business Development

Yes. So I'm not going to answer that. That's when we get -- to Kevin's point, that would be something we
roll out further at an investor event. Regarding the breakeven point, I mean, that certainly is something
we've talked about. As we exited the last fiscal year, our business was down again in nearly the 30%
range.

And if you'll recall, we talked about the fact that we actually exited that quarter, which again was our Q4,
positive from an operating income and cash flow perspective. So clearly, our breakeven point has moved
to somewhere beyond 30% down. And that's certainly is significantly different than it had been even at
the beginning of the crisis. So that's I think any -- that's the color I'll give you on that.

Jeffrey Andrew Bernstein
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Understood. Is there a date for this Investor Day? Or is it kind of pending based on COVID?

Joel T. Grade
Executive Vice President of Business Development

Yes, pending.

Operator
Thank you, everybody, for joining the call today. That concludes the First Quarter 2021 Sysco Corporation
Earnings Call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

SYSCO CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 03, 2020

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

