Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:TTWO
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 05, 2020 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.52

2.01

Revenue  (mm)

884.68

957.53

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-02-2020 11:06 AM GMT

32.24

8.23

0.82

4.97

5.44

724.88

3156.61

3425.89

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.75

0.89

1.60

1.52

1.70

1.50

2.30

2.01

SURPRISE

(2.86 %)

68.54 %

43.75 %

32.24 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Henry A. Diamond
Senior Vice President of
Investor Relations & Corporate
Communications

Karl Slatoff
President

Lainie Goldstein
Chief Financial Officer

Strauss H. Zelnick
Executive Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Alexander Joseph Giaimo
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Andrew Edward Crum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Eric Owen Handler
MKM Partners LLC, Research
Division

Gerrick Luke Johnson
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Matthew Andrew Cost
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Michael Ng
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Todd Michael Juenger
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

X. Lu
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to Take-Two Interactive Software's Second Quarter Full Year 2021 Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Hank Diamond, Senior Vice President of
Investor Relations and Corporate Communications.

Henry A. Diamond
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Good afternoon. Welcome, and thank you for joining Take-Two's conference call to discuss its results for
the second quarter of fiscal 2021 ended September 30, 2020.

Today's call will be led by Strauss Zelnick, Take-Two's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Karl Slatoff,
our President; and Lainie Goldstein, our Chief Financial Officer.

We will be available to answer your questions during the Q&A session on our prepared remarks.

Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements made during this call that are not historical
facts are considered forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information
currently available to us. We have no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Actual
operating results may vary significantly from these forward-looking statements based on a variety of
factors. These important factors are described in our filings with the SEC, including the company's most
recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risks summarized in
the section entitled Risk Factors.

I'd also like to note that unless otherwise stated, all numbers we will be discussing today are GAAP and all
comparisons are year-over-year. Additional details regarding our actual results and outlook are contained
in our press release, including the items that our management uses internally to adjust our GAAP financial
results in order to evaluate our operating performance. Our press release also contains a reconciliation of
any non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measures.

In addition, we have posted to our website a slide deck that visually presents our results and financial
outlook. Our press release and filings with the SEC may be obtained from our website at www.
take2games.com.

And now I'll turn the call over to Strauss.

Strauss H. Zelnick
Executive Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Hank. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. I'd like to begin by acknowledging
those who have been affected by the global pandemic. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd
like to express our deepest sympathies and shared hope that in time, this crisis shall pass. We remain
immensely grateful to everyone who serves on the front lines caring for those in need and helping the
world navigate these challenging times.

I'm pleased to report that our positive momentum continued in the second quarter with operating results
that significantly exceeded our expectations. Our stellar results were highlighted by the outperformance of
NBA 2K, PGA Tour 2K21 and the Mafia Definitive Editions and Mafia: Trilogy.

Our ability to deliver the highest quality entertainment experiences to our audiences during these
challenging times is a reflection of the professionalism and the passion of our entire organization. I'm
immensely proud of our teams throughout the world that embody our core tenets of creativity, innovation
and efficiency.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

On September 4, 2K and Visual Concepts launched NBA 2K21, the latest installment in our industry-
leading basketball simulation series for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, PC and Stadia. The title
is off to a remarkable start, and net bookings from the title have outperformed our expectations. To date,
NBA 2K21 has sold in over 5 million units.

As compared with the second quarter of fiscal 2020, net bookings for the NBA 2K series grew 28%,
and recurrent consumer spending significantly exceeded our expectations, growing an incredible 76%.
Consumer engagement with NBA 2K continues to increase with daily active users, MyCAREER users and
MyTeam users growing significantly. Moreover, NBA 2K21 users have been more deeply engaged with the
game, with average games played per user up 21% as compared to NBA 2K20 in the same period.

Next week, NBA 2K21 will launch for next-gen platforms, which Karl will discuss shortly. I'd like to
congratulate 2K and Visual Concepts for delivering another outstanding entry in this beloved franchise.

Seven years after its initial release, Grand Theft Auto V continues to grow its audience. The title has now
sold in over 135 million units and remains one of the most successful and iconic experiences in all of
entertainment. In addition, recurrent consumer spending on Grand Theft Auto Online outperformed our
second quarter forecast and was entitled the best second quarter ever in terms of both active players and
new players.

During the month of August, Rockstar Games released the Los Santos Summer Special for Grand Theft
Auto Online, featuring a ray of new vehicles, co-op missions, business battles, racetrack, the open-wheel
race creator and more. We continue to expect Grand Theft Auto Online to establish a new net bookings
record in fiscal 2021.

Red Dead Redemption 2 also outperformed, and to date, has sold in over 34 million units worldwide. Net
bookings from Red Dead Redemption 2 grew an outstanding 124%, including 106% growth in full game
sales. Engagement with and recurrent consumer spending on Red Dead Online continues to increase, with
net bookings from the title surpassing expectations, growing 96%.

Furthermore, the title grew 28% in audience, and growth in new players was 47%. During the second
quarter, Rockstar Games added new content to Red Dead Online, including the natural list update, a new
specialist role, including the ability to hunt, track and study legendary animals as well as new poaching
missions and free roam events, 2 new weapons, the advanced camera and more, including the latest
addition of Outlaw Pass, The Outlaw Pass #3.

Throughout the coming year, Rockstar Games will continue to support both Red Dead Online and Grand
Theft Auto Online with more content updates to keep new and returning players excited and engaged.

In late summer, 2K enhanced further our sports simulation offerings with the release of PGA TOUR 2K21
for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, PC and Stadia. Developed by HB Studios, PGA TOUR 2K21
was universally lauded by consumers and critics, including game and former Golf Digest in U.S. day to
day for being an incredibly fun, realistic and engaging entry into the category. The title has exceeded our
expectations and to date has sold in over 1 million units.

According to the MTD Group, PGA TOUR 2K21 was the fastest-selling golf game by units over the past 10
years. And in addition, according to Metacritic, the title is the highest-rated golf simulation of the current
console generation. I'd like to congratulate the teams AT 2K and HB Studios who are continuing to support
the game with additional post-launch content.

During the second quarter, 2K also released WWE 2 Battlegrounds, a completely new WWE game featuring
arcade-style brawling action for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, PC and Stadia. We're very
pleased to expand our WWE offerings with a title that provides both casual gamers and die-hard wrestling
fans with an over-the-top, pick-up-and-play experience. The title has exceeded our expectations and is
being supported with post-launch content.

In addition, during the period, 2K released Mafia Definitive Edition for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and
PC. The title, which has exceeded our sales expectations and received significant critical acclaim, was
comprehensively remade from the ground up. The release of Mafia Definitive Edition completes the full

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Mafia: Trilogy, a collection featuring definitive editions of all 3 Mafia titles. The definitive additions of Mafia,
Mafia 2 and Mafia 3 are available individually or as part of the trilogy. To date, these titles collectively sold
in over 2 million units.

Turning to Private Division. During the second quarter, the label released Peril on Gorgon, a narrative
expansion for their award-winning RPG, The Outer Worlds, from Obsidian Entertainment. Peril on Gorgon
is the first of 2 expansions that can be purchased individually or bundled at a discount in The Outer
World's expansion pass. The Outer World's continues to outperform our expectations and has now sold in
over 3 million units.

Our second quarter results were also enhanced by a variety of other offerings, led by Borderlands 3, Social
Point's mobile games and Sid Meier's Civilization VI.

During the second quarter, recurrent consumer spending exceeded our expectations, growing 43% and
accounted for 64% of net bookings. In addition to virtual currency for NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online
and Red Dead Online, recurrent consumer spending was enhanced by the following offerings: in the
free-to-play category, Social Point's live games, including Dragon City, Monster Legends, World Chef,
Tasty Town and Word Life outperformed during the second quarter, matching the net bookings record
achieved in the previous quarter. Live games delivered new fresh content, events and experiences to boost
engagement and enhance the customer experience, and net bookings grew 55%. The studio continues to
invest in its broad and innovative pipeline of more than 10 new games planned for launch in the coming
years.

WWE SuperCard also outperformed during the second quarter, growing 24%. The title has now been
downloaded more than 22 million times and remains 2K's highest-grossing mobile title. Later this month,
2K will deliver season 7 of our popular free-to-play sports entertainment mobile game.

And NBA 2K Online in China grew 13% and remains a significant contributor to our results. The title is the
#1 PC online sports game in China with more than 50 million registered users. Add-on content grew 254%
and outperformed expectations, led by offerings for the Borderlands Series and Sid Meier's Civilization VI.

As a result of our better-than-expected second quarter performance and improved outlook for the back
half of the year, we're increasing our outlook for fiscal 2021, which we expect to deliver a new record for
net bookings of over $3 billion.

In September, as part of our ongoing strategy to expand selectively our portfolio of owned intellectual
property and to diversify and strengthen further our mobile offerings, we acquired Playdots, a long-
standing leader in the mobile puzzle genre. Founded in 2013 and based in New York City, Playdots builds
mobile games with unique and thoughtful designs. The studios created 3 hits, Dots, Two-Dots and Dots &
Co., which have collectively been downloaded over 100 million times. They're best known for Two-Dots,
which has been downloaded over 80 million times since its launch 6 years ago, and that continues to
engage deeply audiences throughout the world.

Playdot's near-term strategy for growth includes live ops technology and the addition of numerous
features to its core games, such as scavenger hunts and social leader boards, which are driving
meaningful long-term consumer engagement.

In addition, Playdots will remain focused on existing IP and will continue to create new properties as
they've done since their inception. We're very pleased to welcome Nir Efrat and the entire team at
Playdots to the Take-Two family and are excited by the potential of their development pipeline and positive
long-term contributions to our business.

It bears noting that next week, we'll enter in an exciting new era in the history of our industry. The
eagerly anticipated launches of 2 new gaming platforms from Microsoft and Sony marked the latest
technological advances that promise to provide our world-class development teams with better platforms
on which to captivate and engage our audiences. We're both prepared and thrilled to take this next step,
and Karl will have more to share about our offerings for this next generation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

As we've seen over the past several months, consumers' appetite for and participation in interactive
entertainment has never been stronger. We believe that this trend, coupled with the fervor for new gaming
platforms, bodes well for the upcoming holiday season, and that interactive entertainment will be among
the most popular gift-giving items.

Looking ahead, Take-Two has the strongest development pipeline in its history, including sequels from our
biggest franchises as well as exciting new IP. We continue to make great strides to increase the scale of
our enterprise, both organically and through selective inorganic accretive opportunities.

In closing, our company remains superbly positioned creatively, operationally and financially to capitalize
on the many positive trends in our industry and to deliver growth and returns for our shareholders over
the long term.

I'll now turn the call over to Karl.

Karl Slatoff
President

Thanks, Strauss. I'd like to begin by thanking our teams for continuing their stellar work in achieving
strong results that are lining up to deliver a record year for net bookings. Our culture of collaboration,
coupled with the company's commitment to creating the best entertainment experiences, is driving our
ongoing success and the ability to engage with audiences more deeply than ever before.

I'll now discuss our recent and upcoming releases. As Strauss mentioned, we are very excited about next
week's introduction of 2 new leading-edge gaming platforms. Through these new robust platforms, our
development teams have an even greater ability to captivate and engage audiences with our renowned
franchises and new intellectual properties. We are thrilled to deliver at launch 2 of 2K's most successful
and popular franchises, NBA 2K and Borderlands for both platforms.

NBA 2K21 was built from the ground up for next-generation consoles and will once again redefine the
standard for sports simulations. In addition to unparalleled graphics and loading speeds, NBA 2K21 will
introduce several initiatives to bridge current and new console generations of the game, including MyTeam
cross-progression and the shared VC wallet within the same console families.

Furthermore, NBA legend Kobe Bryant's lifetime achievement of basketball excellence is celebrated with
the NBA 2K21 Mamba Forever Edition, which will provide players with seamless access to both current and
next-generation versions of the game.

Just yesterday, 2K released the trailer for The City, featuring a completely overhauled park experience,
exclusive to NBA 2K21 on next-gen consoles. Originally introduced in NBA 2K14 for Xbox One and PS4,
The Park helped push 2K forward by creating a competitive online basketball environment that allowed our
quickly growing community to compete against each other outside of the authentic NBA experience. This
experience has evolved over the years into the neighborhood and now what we have proudly introduced
as The City, which is many times larger and more immersive community-based experience, only possible
on next-gen consoles. It is Visual Concepts' most ambitious execution of a virtual basketball community.

Borderlands 3 has been fully optimized for next-gen consoles, so Mayhem will be bigger and bolder than
ever before. All players who own the game on current gen will be able to download the next-gen upgrade
within the same console family for free. This free next-gen upgrade will add a number of exclusive
features, including 4K resolution at 60 frames per second in single player and online co-op plus support for
3 and 4 player split-screen co-op.

In addition, Rockstar Games has announced that they will bring their iconic Grand Theft Auto V to the next
generation of consoles in the second half of calendar 2021 during fiscal year 2022. The new generation
versions of the game will feature a range of technical improvements, visual upgrades and performance
enhancements to take full advantage of the latest hardware, making the game more beautiful and
more responsive than ever. For the community of Grand Theft Auto Online, the journey for this ever-
evolving world will continue on the next-generation consoles with more new updates, including additional
content exclusive to the new consoles and PC. There will also be new stand-alone version of Grand Theft

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Auto Online coming in the second half of calendar 2021, which will be available for free exclusively on
PlayStation 5 during the first 3 months. Rockstar Games will share more details on the new versions of
Grand Theft Auto V in the months ahead.

Driving long-term consumer engagement with our titles after their initial launch remains a key strategic
priority for our organization. There are a myriad of ways that our creative teams strive to do this.
However, we are always focused on designing games with the goal of giving players experiences that far
exceed their expectations and importantly, are worthy of their time and money. To that end, we recently
released an array of add-on content for some of our key titles.

Last month, 2K and HB Studios released 2 updates for our popular golf simulation, PGA TOUR 2K21. The 3
whole matchmaking update allows players to play a quick multiplayer around with friends. Two weeks ago,
the team launched the Halloween update, featuring fun holiday theme cosmetic items to customize players
and courses. Players can expect additional content to be released for PGA TOUR 2K21 throughout the year.

In addition, the Private Division, in partnership with the European Space Agency, released their shared
Horizon update for Kerbal Space Program for PS4 and Xbox One. The update celebrates the agency's
contributions to space exploration and is free for all players of the critically acclaimed physics-based space
simulation game. Private Division's new development studio, Intercept Games, remains hard at work on
Kerbal Space Program 2, which is now planned for release during fiscal 2023.

Tomorrow, 2K will release the first update for their new wrestling title WWE 2K Battlegrounds. The
update features new superstars and legends that will be made available throughout the month, adding
to the game's outrageous in and out of the ring action. 2K will make additional superstores available
in December and will share more details in the coming weeks. More than a year after the initial launch
of Borderlands 3, engagement with the title remains incredibly strong. Next week, due to the immense
popularity and success of the title's add-on content strategy in Season Pass, 2K and Gearbox Software will
launch a second season pass for the game. The Season Pass 2, which will be available for all previously
released and all next-gen versions of the game, will include 2 brand-new content add-ons. The designers
cut add-on will add all new ways to play Borderlands 3 by introducing a new skill tree for each ball hunter,
a new stand-alone mode called Arms Race and more, while the Director's Cut add-on includes additional
missions, end-game content and behind the scenes extras. Designers cut will be available for purchase
starting on November 10, while Director's Cut is planned for release in spring of next year.

Rockstar Games has announced that both Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead Online will receive
major updates later this year, featuring an extension to existing frontier pursuits for Red Dead Online as
well as Grand Theft Auto Online's biggest update ever, which will feature a new take on heists in a new
location. Praxis Games will continue to deliver new content for Sid Meier's Civilization VI as part of their
new Frontier pass for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, PC and mobile, featuring new civilizations
and leaders that will be made available on a bimonthly basis through the end of March 2021. Later this
year, the new Frontier Pass will come to mobile platforms, and each pass will be available for individual
purchase.

And during the first half of calendar 2021, Private Division will release The Outer Worlds Murder on
Eridanos, the second narrative expansion for their successful RPG from Obsidian Entertainment. The
expansion will be available individually or at a discount as part of The Outer Worlds Expansion Pass, which
also includes the previously released Peril on Gorgon.

Turning to eSports. The NBA 2K League concluded its third season on August 28 with Wizards District
Gaming winning the 2020 NBA 2K League Championships. All 2020 season games aired live on the NBA
2K League's Twitch channel in addition to select games airing live on ESPN2, ESPN digital platforms,
Sportsnet in Canada and the NBA 2K League's YouTube channel, and on delay on eGG Network in
Southeast Asia and local in India. Dash Radio's nothing but net channel also provided live game coverage.
The NBA 2K League has begun the trial process for its fourth season set to take place in 2021.

The new format will include more than 35 program tournaments hosted by league teams as part of the
NBA 2K League Draft Prospect Series, featuring a first of its kind NBA 2K League combine. The league will
enable 2K fans and players to engage with the league and showcase their excitement throughout the off-

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

season by awarding draft eligibility on a rolling basis to members of the 2K community who excel in the
tournaments as part of the draft prospect series.

In addition, we continued to develop and showcase female 2K players. The league is involved with several
elite all-women 2K teams who are participating in Pro-Am 2K tournaments throughout the year. We are
very excited about the continued success and growth of the NBA 2K League, which has the long-term
potential to enhance engagement and to be a driver of profits for our company.

Looking ahead, we have the strongest pipe -- development pipeline in Take-Two's history as well as
significant potential to drive increased engagement and recurrent consumer spending. In addition, we
are investing in a number of emerging opportunities that have the potential to enhance our growth rate.
Whether transitioning our audiences seamlessly onto new platforms, capitalizing on new business models
and distribution channels or increasing our presence in emerging markets, Take-Two is exceedingly well
positioned to generate value to consumers as well as growth and margin expansion for our company.

I'll now turn the call over to Lainie.

Lainie Goldstein
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Karl, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll discuss our second quarter results and then
review our financial outlook for the third quarter and fiscal year 2021. Please note that additional details
regarding our actual results and outlook are contained in our press release.

As Strauss mentioned, we delivered second quarter operating results that significantly exceeded our
expectations. Net bookings grew to $958 million. This result exceeded our outlook of $775 million to
$825 million, driven primarily by the outperformance of NBA 2K, PGA TOUR 2K21 and the Mafia Definitive
Editions and Mafia: Trilogy. Digitally delivered net bookings grew 14% as compared to our flat outlook and
accounted for 83% of the total. This result exceeded our outlook, primarily due to the outperformance of
our current consumer spending. During the second quarter, 59% of sales of current generation console
games were delivered digitally, up from 51% last year.

Recurrent consumer spending grew 43% as compared to our outlook of 10% growth and accounted for
64% of total net bookings. This growth was driven primarily by NBA 2K, Social Point's mobile games, Red
Dead Online and Red Dead Redemption 2 and Sid Meier's Civilization VI.

GAAP net revenue was $841 million and cost of goods sold was $433 million. Operating expenses
decreased by 7% to $293 million, due primarily to lower marketing expense. And GAAP net income grew
to $99 million or $0.86 per share as compared to $72 million or $0.63 per share in the second quarter last
year.

Now to our guidance, starting with the fiscal third quarter. We project net bookings to range from $675
million to $725 million compared to $888 million in the third quarter last year, which benefited from the
launch of Red Dead Redemption 2 on PC and The Outer Worlds. The largest contributors to net bookings
are expected to be NBA 2K21, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand Theft Auto V, Red Dead Redemption
2 and Red Dead Online, Social Point's mobile games, Borderlands 3, Sid Meier's Civilization VI and PGA
TOUR 2K21. We expect digitally delivered net bookings to be down approximately 15% due to lower
digitally delivered sales of Red Dead Redemption 2 on PC and The Outer Worlds, which launched last year.

Digitally delivered net bookings are projected to account for 82% of the total compared to 78% last year.
Our forecast assumes that 71% of our current generation console in sales will be delivered digitally, up
from 44% last year. We project recurrent consumer spending to grow by approximately 5%. We expect
GAAP net revenue to range from $760 million to $810 million and cost of goods sold to range from $291
million to $317 million.

Operating expenses are expected to range from $325 million to $335 million. At the midpoint, this
represents a 4% increase over last year, driven primarily by the addition of Playdots, higher research and
development and IT expenses, partially offset by lower marketing and stock compensation expenses. And
GAAP net income is expected to range from $128 million to $140 million or $1.10 to $1.21 per share.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

For management reporting purposes, we expect our tax rate to be 15% throughout fiscal 2021. We are
increasing our full year outlook, which now includes record net bookings. This will be the third consecutive
year that net bookings have grown. Our net bookings outlook range is now $3.15 billion to $3.25 billion,
up from $2.8 billion to $2.9 billion. This is being driven by our second quarter outperformance, along with
an updated forecast for the balance of the year, which has improved primarily due to higher recurrent
consumer spending from NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online, Red Dead Online and the addition of Playdots
as well as strong performance from Red Dead Redemption 2, PGA TOUR 2K21 and the Mafia Definitive
Edition and Mafia: Trilogy. We expect growth over the prior year from NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online,
Red Dead Online and Social Point's mobile games to be offset by lower results from Borderlands 3, Grand
Theft Auto V and Red Dead Redemption 2.

The largest contributor to net bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online and Grand
Theft Auto V, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Red Dead Online, Social Point's mobile games, Borderlands 3,
Sid Meier's Civilization VI and PGA TOUR 2K21. We expect the net bookings breakdown from our labels to
be roughly 55% 2K, 35% Rockstar Games and 10% Private Division, Social Point and Playdots.

And we forecast our geographic net bookings split to be about 60% United States and 40% international.
We now project digitally delivered net bookings to increase by approximately 15% as compared to our
prior outlook of 3% growth. This growth is being driven by recurrent consumer spending and digitally
delivered sales. As a percentage of our business, digital is projected to represent 87% of net bookings, up
from 82% last year.

Our forecast assumes that 70% of current generation console game sales will be delivered digitally, up
from 55% last year. We now expect recurrent consumer spending to grow by approximately 30% as
compared to our prior outlook of 15% growth and to represent approximately 63% of net bookings as
compared to 51% last year. This growth is being driven primarily by NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto Online, the
addition of Playdots, Social Point's mobile games and Red Dead Online. We are increasing our non-GAAP
adjusted unrestricted operating cash flow outlook to more than $650 million, up from our prior outlook of
more than $500 million. We plan to deploy approximately $75 million for capital expenditures.

We expect GAAP net revenue to range from $3.05 billion to $3.15 billion and cost of goods sold to range
from $1.44 billion to $1.49 billion. Total operating expenses are expected to range from $1.21 billion to
$1.23 billion. At the midpoint, this represents an 8% increase over the prior year driven by the addition
of Playdots, higher headcount, research and development expense and charitable contributions, partially
offset by lower marketing and stock compensation expenses. And we expect GAAP net income to range
from $372 million to $403 million or $3.22 to $3.49 per share.

In closing, fiscal 2021 is poised to be another year with record net bookings, despite a late release date.
With our industry-leading creative assets, sound financial foundation and unwavering commitment to
operational excellence, our company is superbly positioned to navigate these uncertain times, capitalize on
positive industry trends and to deliver strong results for our shareholders over the long term.

Thank you. I'll now turn the call back to Strauss.

Strauss H. Zelnick
Executive Chairman & CEO

Did you all hear that? Sorry, I apologize. Thanks, Lainie and Karl.
On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to again thank our colleagues for their hard work,
commitment to excellence and for delivering another exceptional quarter. To our shareholders, I would like
to express our appreciation for your continued support, and we'll now take your questions and apologies
for my failure with the mute button.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mario Lu with Barclays.

X. Lu
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. I have one on NBA and then one high level. So the one on NBA, The City does on next-gen was
pretty amazing, and you're also bringing back affiliations, which is exciting. I believe this year is all the
first time NBA 2K will have 2 different NBA seasons within 3 months of its release. So with that being said,
anything you could provide in terms of the lift unit sales from both The City and the second NBA season
and their impact on its fiscal 3Q guide would be helpful.

And then secondly, Strauss, just curious if you have updated thoughts on the overall subscription model
within video games. I think I agree with you that subscription may not translate well in this industry since
users only play a few titles a year. But we've seen recently companies like Microsoft push hard with its
game pass subscription. And then with the overall gaming audience expanding due to shelter-in-place and
more casual titles like Fall Guys and Among Us being more popular. So just curious if your stance has -- on
subscription has changed at all?

Karl Slatoff
President

It's Karl. I'll take the first question on NBA. Obviously, yes, this is really the first time that we've got this
kind of overlap in the season -- not only just our own, not only just the basketball seasons itself, but in
our own game. Obviously, with what Strauss has said before, it's had a really positive impact with us
because the net bookings for our series grew 28%, and recurrent consumer spending grew, I think, it was
76%. So these are really incredible results, and it's really exciting, but it's a bit of uncharted territory.
And I can tell you that we couldn't be more thrilled about it. Because with the new platform coming out
and with the NBA 2K21 being built from the ground up and also all of the new features that are coming
up, well, I don't have specific lift numbers for you that are associated with The City itself. Obviously, that
was a huge commitment made by the team at Visual Concepts and the 2K, and we're really, really excited
about it. And anytime you do come out with something that could be a game changer for any game, but
specifically for our game, we tend to see really excellent results. And we've already seen great results, and
I think it's going to be even better when we launch our next-gen platform, and we're very excited about it.

Strauss H. Zelnick
Executive Chairman & CEO

And Mario, regarding your question on subscriptions, no, I don't think our views have changed much.
We're open-minded. We're highly skeptical that subscriptions will be the only way or the primary way that
interactive entertainment is distributed, and that's because of the way people consume it and the price
point for owning a title, which is very reasonable and very, very low, actually on a per hour basis. So I
think it's unlikely that subscription sort of supplant frontline video game sales as the primary business
model. Subscriptions can play a role in delivering catalog. We've supported numerous subscription
offerings with catalog titles. I imagine we'll continue to do so. And in any case, at the end of the day, the
consumer will decide, and we will be where the consumer is.

Operator

Our next question is from Eric Handler with MKM Partners.

Eric Owen Handler
MKM Partners LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Wondered if you can give us any updates about your thoughts on pricing. You've announced NBA 2K is
going to have a $10 price increase console versus console system or next-gen versus current-gen. How
are you thinking with that? And then I'll have a follow-up question.

Strauss H. Zelnick
Executive Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thanks, Eric. Pricing is determined on a title-by-title basis. We already explained that the reason for
the price that we set for NBA 2K21 for next-gen reflected the fact that there hasn't been a frontline price
increase since 2005, and yet production costs have gone up 200% or 300% on the one hand, also because
we believe we deliver vastly more value to the consumer than the price we charge, that's our goal at all
times. As I said, on a per hour basis, interactive entertainment is an incredible bargain, and the U.S. has
the lowest frontline pricing of anywhere on earth. So we think it makes sense, and we believe consumers
are fine with it as a result.

Eric Owen Handler
MKM Partners LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then as a follow-up, Playdots, looks like it's potentially a very nice tuck-in acquisition. As you
look at the M&A landscape, is there much out there for additional acquisitions? It seems like there's more
mobile-type deals to be had rather than console-specific type companies, but I wonder if you could just
give us some color on the M&A landscape.

Strauss H. Zelnick
Executive Chairman & CEO

Look, we have seen an acceleration in M&A activity. Obviously, Microsoft is acquiring Bethesda, for
example, which is a significant, I believe, $7-some-odd billion transaction, and so I think you're going
to continue to see increased M&A activity just because of the heat around the category and the amount
of capital that's being deployed by big companies to pursue it. From our point of view, we have almost
$2.4 billion in cash. We have no debt, and we are anxious to build our business and aggressively doing
so. And we use our capital to support organic growth, our primary story at Take-Two. We also will use our
cash to acquire companies when they're strategically consonant and when those deals are accretive, and
we return capital to the shareholders on a regular basis through buybacks. And that'll continue to be our
approach.

Operator

Our next question is from Drew Crum with Stifel.

Andrew Edward Crum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

For Strauss or Karl, can you comment on cross-platform play and how you think about this across your
portfolio? And specifically, if the next-gen version of GTA V will feature cross-play? And then I have a
follow-up.

Henry A. Diamond
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Joe, it's Karl. We do think about cross-play a lot. And I think for a lot of games that are out in the market
that do support cross-play makes a lot of sense. It's certainly something that's very intriguing to us. It's
something that we're capable of doing. And obviously, it's not just our decision alone, there's platforms
involved as well. We haven't made any specific announcements about cross-play. We are enabling certain
cross-generational opportunities within our games. But in terms of cross-play, it's very interesting. I think
it's from a player liquidity perspective, it can be a very compelling thing. But it also has some -- for some
games, it also has certain limitations. If you're cross-playing between mobile and console games, it's
not always the best experience for everybody. So there are considerations that you have to make when
making those types of decisions. But obviously, we do consider it, and it's a great opportunity for our
industry, in general, going into this next generation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Andrew Edward Crum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Got it. Okay. And Lainie, if I heard you correctly, you indicated the RCS would be up 5% in the December
quarter. Is that correct?

Lainie Goldstein
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, that's correct. For the third quarter.

Andrew Edward Crum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Can you talk about the assumed deceleration and how that aligns with the timing of the big updates for
Rockstar Online?

Lainie Goldstein
Chief Financial Officer

So for GTA we have -- for Q3, we have it coming down in the third quarter versus last year. And when
we look at GTA, we always sort of look at it being out for 7 years, and we think about the quarters going
forward. And since it's something that has been out for so long, we tend to forecast it as coming down
each quarter, and it always beats our expectations. So when we go out into the future, that seems to be
have -- we guide for that title.

Andrew Edward Crum
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. Okay.

Lainie Goldstein
Chief Financial Officer

And the growth in the quarter is coming from the NBA title.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mike Ng with Goldman Sachs.

Michael Ng
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Strauss, I was wondering if you could provide your view on using free-to-play experiences to enhance
the reach of your franchises. For instance, in the spirit of Call of Duty War Zone and Call of Duty: Modern
Warfare, would it ever make sense to make a free-to-play component available for GTA or NBA 2K?

Strauss H. Zelnick
Executive Chairman & CEO

Well, look, we're pretty open-minded. And at the same time, we deliver the highest quality experiences
in the business, and we charge much less for them than we believe they are worth to consumers, and
then we deliver typically an ongoing component that is free. And that's already a great deal of value.
Any monetization, of course, is totally optional. And unlike many sort of casual titles, the monetization
is not necessary to enjoy the experience. It's an additional benefit, but there are no toll booths in any of
our online games that are attached to our core games. We have, on occasion, promoted our games very
cheaply or in a couple of instances, free, which effectively means you have access to the online component
free as a promotion, and I wouldn't rule out the possibility of doing that. And of course, Rockstar has
announced that GTA Online will be a stand-alone experience for next-gen coming in second half of 2021,
and that it will be free for PS5 users for about 3 months.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

So as you can see, we're open-minded about our business model, and I wouldn't rule out the possibility
that at some point, certain experiences can become free as a matter of the entry point. I like what I
consider sort of tethered free-to-play, where 100% of the people acknowledge the value of the title and
pay to play it. And on an ongoing basis, you have what is effectively a free-to-play experience attached
that can go on for many years. Grand Theft Auto Online, of course, has been successful for 7 years and
is expected to set a new record in this fiscal year, amazingly enough. I think that you're also implying
another question, which is some of our competitors have taken legacy IP and created stand-alone mobile
free-to-play titles related to that IP and branded that IP. And we have not done that yet, and we have not
announced any plans to do it. And in the world in which we would do it, of course, would be when our
labels are excited by the opportunity creatively and when we think we can deliver something to consumers
that's absolutely stellar.

Operator

Our next question is from Gerrick Johnson with BMO Capital Markets.

Gerrick Luke Johnson
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

On NBA 2K, I have a 2-part question. So you decided to not offer free upgrades on the current to next-
gen, but you did release Mamba Forever dual access for $100. So what did you see people do? Do you see
people mix up immediately to Mamba Forever or maybe delay the purchase of 21 until next-gen comes
out, so maybe we see a second wave?

Henry A. Diamond
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

I mean I don't have any specifics to share -- this is Karl, by the way. I don't have any specific -- it's a
great question. I don't have specifics to share with you about what activity we've seen. And by the way,
it's kind of hard to know because we're still pretty early in it, and we've sold already 5 million units, and
we've had lots of nice action around all of our SKUs, but we don't know what people would otherwise be
doing. So it's sort of hard for us to know whether people are waiting or whether they're going for the
Mamba now or they're just buying the current gen and they'll buy the next-gen later or just buy current
gen. It all remains to be -- it's a little bit of uncharted territory, and it remains to be seen, but what we
were very gracious for and proud of is the fact that the activity and the engagement around what we've
seen so far has been incredible. So no matter how much it breaks down by SKU, I think we're looking at a
really good release for NBA 2K21.

Gerrick Luke Johnson
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay. And by the way, there's $100,000 worth of virtual currency in Mamba Forever. So how much of that
contributed to the 76% recurrent consumer spending growth in NBA?

Lainie Goldstein
Chief Financial Officer

We don't share that level of detail.

Operator

Our next question is from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley.

Matthew Andrew Cost
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

It's Matt on for Brian. So kind of following up on The City content in NBA 2K. Are you seeing any new
types of behavior, particularly in the last few months inside of the games, whether it's people socializing
more rather than just playing games or kind of like new use cases that you're noticing players eke out and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

is The City's kind of an opportunity to expand on that and sort of like keep users stickier by adding new
sorts of in-game activities?

And then just secondly, I was just wondering if you could provide an update on the progress with some of
the newer studios like 31st Union and Cloud Chamber. Is everything in place to sort of hit the pipeline you
guys shared earlier this year?

Karl Slatoff
President

Matt, it's Karl. In terms of The City, I think the real quick answer to the question is, really since The
Park came back out in '14, we've seen more social activities in NBA, generally speaking. And as the
environment has got more sophisticated and there is more things to do, that social activity has been
increasing all along. And you see big jumps in that as well. When you come out -- when we move from
The Park to the neighborhood, we saw a market difference in how people play in the game. You create
events. People create their own events within the communities themselves. And the more that you give --
more that you content you give within these communities and within these spaces, within these worlds,
it encourages people to spend more time there. And that's a really great thing from an engagement
perspective because, number one, I think it does actually, people love it and driving engagement also
drives economics for us, and that's one of our objectives. So building out The City was a huge endeavor
that VC took on. We think it's going to be really well received. We think people are spending a lot of time
in The City, and it really will take that whole concept of open world social gaming to another level in the
context of NBA. So we're very excited.

Strauss H. Zelnick
Executive Chairman & CEO

Yes, in terms of how things are going at our studios, particularly in our new studios, the answer is very,
very well. We have an extraordinary pipeline. We've doubled our prior pipeline of releases over the next
5 years. You mentioned 2 of our studios, I'd really talk about all of our studios, and there are many now.
And everything is looking great and is on target. We do not expect to see any slippage. And while I think
working from home is really tough, and I admire our colleagues for doing such a great job doing it. It
isn't the same as being in the office and yet we have not seen any slowdown in our expected cadence of
releases.

Operator

Our next question is from Todd Juenger with Sanford Bernstein.

Todd Michael Juenger
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

One sort of high-level one and then one housekeeping. The higher-level one, just following on, you've
been asked so far about subscription and free-to-play and really every permutation of business model
and platform. I'm going to ask sort of the mobile question version of that, if you don't mind, especially
given you've seen some other AAA publishers be very aggressive, and you could argue successful in taking
what used to be console IP, finding a big home for it, relatively big home for it in mobile. When you start
to think about the role of mobile across your IP portfolio and studios, I wonder if you have any big ideas
there, I think that fits for any of your big IP? And if so, do you have the sort of resources you need in-
house to make that sort of development effort?

And then the super quick one is, if you don't mind, so I know typically you guys aim to release a AAA
frontline title generally every year outside of U.K. NBA 2K, you didn't have one this year. I wonder when
you look at next year, do the remastered versions of GTA and RDR, does that fit your definition of a AAA
console release or not?

Strauss H. Zelnick
Executive Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Yes, thanks. In terms of the portfolio of owned intellectual property, which we're very proud, we have 11
franchises that have sold over 5 million units with an individual release and over 60 that have sold over
2 million units, and they're some of the most extraordinary franchises in the entertainment business,
never mind, the interactive entertainment business. I think I alluded to this earlier, we wouldn't rule out
the possibility of making a stand-alone mobile title based on that intellectual property. It would be driven
by the label's creative desire to do so in a belief that we can do an extraordinary job at it. We have a lot
of talent in the mobile space now at numerous labels, Playdots, Social Point, 2K and others. And I don't
doubt that we could put together the resources for the properties that make sense. So stay tuned on that
topic. It is not lost on us that the biggest hits in the mobile business are native to the mobile business.
They are not based on licensed IP, they're not based on console IP. The biggest hits are native to the
business.

And in terms of our ongoing lease schedule, we haven't said very much at all about fiscal '22. We have
said that GTA Online and GTA V are coming for next-gen in the second half of calendar '21. We said the
Kerbal Space Program 2 is coming in fiscal '23, but we will be talking about our release schedule for '22 in
due time. And our goal remains the same, but it's too early to comment on what the release schedule will
look like.

Karl Slatoff
President

And to answer your question specifically, Todd, about the platform extensions and whether we consider
them the part of our core gaming experience, we do. So we did say before the 93 titles, 63 that we
mentioned that are in our pipeline, which is more than double what it was 5 years ago, by the way. 63 of
those are core gaming experiences, and that includes 15 platform extensions.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Alex Giaimo with Jefferies.

Alexander Joseph Giaimo
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Strauss, I think the messaging recently has been -- has still been for growth from the company as we
think about next year, as we think about fiscal '22. Does that change at all as you continue to beat and
raise expectations this year and the comp gets any more challenging or is the expectation still for growth
next year?

Lainie Goldstein
Chief Financial Officer

So for fiscal year '22, given that we now expect net bookings of over $3 billion this fiscal year, it's too
early to predict whether our business will grow next year. Our results this year have benefited from
sheltering-at-home, and it remains to be seen whether that will continue to last into next year. So it's just
a little bit too early to call at this point.

Operator

We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back
over to Strauss Zelnick for closing comments.

Strauss H. Zelnick
Executive Chairman & CEO

Thank you very much. On behalf of everyone at Take-Two, I'd like to wish you all a very happy and healthy
holiday season. These are extraordinary times, and I wish you all the best through them. And once again,
I'd like to thank all of our colleagues for their incredible work and for these extraordinary results. Have a
great evening.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your
participation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

