Tapestry, Inc. NYSE:TPR
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 29, 2020 11:30 AM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.22

0.58

Revenue  (mm)

1061.80

1172.20

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-28-2020 10:11 PM GMT

163.64

10.40

0.85

1.86

2.24

1560.46

5122.12

5444.91

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.99

(0.04)

(0.60)

0.22

1.10

(0.27)

(0.25)

0.58

SURPRISE

11.11 %

NM

NM

163.64 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
TAPESTRY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Andrea Shaw Resnick
Interim CFO, Global Head of
Investor Relations & Corporate
Communications

Christina Colone
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Executive Officer

Todd Kahn
President, Chief Administrative
Officer, Interim CEO & Brand
President

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Paul Trussell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Simeon Avram Siegel
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

ANALYSTS

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Irwin Bernard Boruchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Jamie Susan Merriman
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Lorraine Corrine Maikis
Hutchinson
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Mark R. Altschwager
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Oliver Chen
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to this Tapestry conference call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator
Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the
Vice President of Investor Relations at Tapestry, Christina Colone.

Christina Colone
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning. Thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our first quarter results as well as our
strategies and outlook are Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's CEO; and Andrea Shaw Resnick, Tapestry's
interim CFO.

Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. This includes projections
for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not
guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-
looking statements. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this
morning and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of
risks and other important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP
financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. You may find
the corresponding GAAP financial information as well as the related reconciliations on our website,
www.tapestry.com/investors, and then viewing the earnings release and the presentation posted today.

Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Joanne will begin with a brief recap
of our first quarter results for Tapestry in each of our brands. She will also provide an overview of the
progress we've made on our acceleration program. Andrea will continue with our financial results and
our priorities going forward. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session, where we will
be joined by Todd Kahn, President and interim CEO and Brand President of Coach. After Q&A, Joanne will
conclude with brief closing remarks.

I'd now like to turn it over to Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's CEO.

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Executive Officer

Good morning. Thank you, Christina, and welcome, everyone. It's a pleasure to be with you today and a
distinct honor to be leading this great company at such an important time in our history. I'm incredibly
proud of the momentum our teams are driving across the organization. I'm confident that together, we
can both create and capture significant opportunities ahead.

Now, turning to our results. As you read in our press release, our first quarter well exceeded our
expectations across brands, demonstrating the bold actions we're taking as part of our acceleration
program. We drove a meaningful sequential improvement in top line trends, supported by strength in
digital and China. We successfully raised AUR by offering customers compelling, high-quality products that
delivered exceptional value. This resulted in reduced promotional activity and significant gross margin
expansion for the quarter. At the same time, we continue to tightly control costs. Taken together, despite
the challenging backdrop, we achieved significant increases in operating income and EPS on a year-over-
year basis.

Importantly, we also generated strong positive free cash flow and ended the quarter with $1.5 billion in
cash and equivalents and a clean inventory position heading into the holiday season. This performance
underscores the power of our brands with leadership in the attractive premium handbags, accessories
and footwear categories. It also reinforces the competitive advantages of Tapestry's enabling platform,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

including, first and foremost, our talented teams around the world who have shown tremendous agility
and passion in delivering a great experience for our customers.

Second, our consumer insights resources across brands and regions, providing the tools and deep
consumer knowledge to unlock value. Third, our diversified supply chain and scalable global operations,
which has proven invaluable, especially during these volatile times. And fourth, our technology
infrastructure and robust digital capabilities accessible across the globe.

In addition, leveraging these strengths, we've made meaningful progress on our acceleration program.
which is defined by sharpening our focus on the consumer, leveraging data, leading with digital and
transforming into a leaner and more responsive organization.

Some key highlights of the quarter include, first, we continue to drive triple-digit growth on our digital
channels, leaning into our global capabilities to offer immersive customer experiences. In the quarter, e-
commerce represented nearly 25% of total revenue as compared to a high single-digit percent last year.
These outside gains were led by the recruitment of nearly 800,000 new customers across brands in North
America. Importantly, we are successfully driving repeat purchases among these customers at a higher
frequency and we're capturing a growing number of millennial and Gen Z customers online.

Further, the growth in online sales is driving profit growth as well as our digital businesses carry higher
operating margins than their respective bricks-and-mortar channels. We believe that the consumer shift
to online is a trend that's here to stay, and we're excited by the traction we're seeing in this area of the
business.

Second, we also delivered significant growth in China in the quarter through innovative product
assortments, enhanced marketing and expanded reach across direct channels and third-party online
distribution. In fact, Coach is now the #1 ranked handbag brand on Tmall, just 1 year after our soft
opening on the platform. Our digital business in China, while growing rapidly, is still quite nascent,
underscoring the enormous runway we have, particularly as Chinese consumers are highly digitally
engaged.

Third, as we've shared, we're committed to building industry-leading data and analytics capabilities
to drive decision-making. In the quarter, we leveraged data and analytics to optimize our marketing
messaging, assortment planning and promotional levels to support higher AUR. The successful outcome of
these initiatives, together with our innovative product offering and inventory management, is evident in
our strong gross margin expansion in the quarter.

Fourth, we made further progress in creating an agile and scalable operating model. We're streamlining
our organization's structure and empowering our teams. As part of this work, we reduced our global
corporate headcount costs by 20% on a run rate basis. As a result, we are emerging as a more agile
organization that will drive faster decision-making. In the near term, this better aligns our cost base with
the current demand environment. And over the long term, it supports operating leverage and profitable
growth.

We are also driving efficiencies through the optimization of our global fleet. Our focus is to improve
profitability across our store network while delivering a consistent brand experience for our increasingly
omnichannel consumer. Overall, through our acceleration program, we are better meeting the needs of our
customers while creating a strong foundation for profitable expansion.

Now I'd like to touch on some of the overarching strategies for the holiday season and actions underway
across Tapestry to navigate the dynamic backdrop. We will continue to focus on the factors within our
control with an eye towards best-in-class execution. We're putting the consumer first with each of our
brands delivering newness throughout the quarter. We will provide our customers with seamless shopping
experiences by offering curbside pickup and contactless payment options and the opportunity to make
virtual appointments. We are also testing new technology to offer virtual queues in select North America
outlet stores, allowing guests to bypass lines and instead receive an alert text when it is their time to
enter the store.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Importantly, given social distancing requirements and related capacity constraints, we're implementing
strategies to elongate the holiday shopping period, pulling forward demand ahead of the peak
Thanksgiving week by offering customers the opportunity to start their holiday shopping earlier in the
season.

We'll also continue to lean into digital with e-commerce sales expected to represent nearly half of holiday
sales in North America this year. And we will remain disciplined in our management of promotions,
inventory and costs. Overall, we have a comprehensive plan with the opportunity to leverage our scale,
expertise in retail operations and best practices across brands to deliver exceptional customer experiences
during this important and unprecedented holiday season.

Turning to specific results and strategies by brand, starting with Coach, which delivered an impressive
quarter. Revenue surpassed our expectations with sales down only 9% versus prior year, reflecting a
significant sequential improvement. We also continued to expand gross margin while leveraging SG&A,
generating a 710 basis point increase in operating margin.

There were many highlights from the first quarter. In keeping with our strategic priorities, we delivered
compelling product, innovating across styles, silhouettes and price points. In retail, we continued to fuel
Signature and proprietary brand codes through a variety of new iterations, while evolving our top families
such as Tabby and Hutton. In September, we launched our Coach by Jean-Michel Basquiat collection,
which outperformed globally across categories.

In outlet, we offered newness that balanced fashion and function, including the Town bucket shoulder
bag, the Serena satchel and the Mollie tote. Importantly, we continued to be disciplined in our approach
to promotions. Consistent with our strategy, we're shifting the customer's focus to the value, attributes
and quality of Coach's product. In fact, our global handbag AUR again rose over 25%, including over 20%
growth in North America.

In the digital channel, we again realized triple-digit revenue growth as we expanded our capabilities and
services to drive sales and engagement. We recruited over 500,000 new customers through our North
America e-commerce channels, representing a significant increase compared to last year.

Turning to China, our growth was fueled by a nearly 40% increase on the Mainland. In addition, we
recaptured tourist demand through the China Duty Free channel as consumers increasingly shift to
domestic travel.

For holiday, more broadly, we're sharpening our product strategy, delivering innovative and emotionally
compelling product to excite the consumer. Across channels, we will focus on gifting options throughout
the extended holiday season. In retail, as previously announced, we partnered with our global
ambassador, Jennifer Lopez, on a COACH X JLO designed Hutton bag, which was introduced globally this
month. In outlet, our recently launched Marvel collaboration is driving strong customer engagement. At
the same time, we will offer exceptional value to our customers while continuing to reduce promotional
activity. One of the key elements of this strategy is the planned SKU reduction, which is key to driving
greater productivity and clearer brand messaging to the consumer. We expect these actions to support
gross margin expansion in the second quarter.

Touching on marketing, you will see messaging that is inviting and inclusive. In our holiday campaigns, we
are highlighting our global brand ambassadors, including Jennifer Lopez, Michael B. Jordan, Kiko Mizuhara,
Yan Zi and Jeremy Lin. The campaign celebrates stories of togetherness, relationships that endure and the
power of modern families, those that we are born into and those we choose over time.

In summary, we are delighted with the brand's performance in the first quarter and remain confident in
Coach's ability to capture market share and drive long-term growth.

Now moving to Kate Spade. We are very pleased that the brand's top and bottom line results exceeded
expectations for the quarter. Revenue improved sequentially, declining 21% year-over-year. This included
a 7-point impact from the strategic pullback of the low-margin wholesale disposition business. Gross
margin expanded 100 basis points, primarily due to channel mix, partially offset by the negative impact of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

taking the footwear business in-house. We also tightly controlled costs and leveraged expenses resulted in
-- resulting in a 380 basis point increase in operating margin.

In addition to these solid financial results, there were many key strategic milestones for the quarter as
we focused on leaning into the fundamental elements of the brand that we know our customers value.
We made progress in reenergizing the leather goods offering through our new signature platform, the
spade flower. This collection has been a global success with both new and existing customers. Margaux
remain the top-selling family and customers continue to respond to our novelty offering, including the faux
fur remedy bag in the specialty channel. Outside of handbags, we saw relative strength across jewelry,
footwear and tech accessories. These categories, which are foundational to the brand's unique lifestyle
positioning are also important for customer recruitment and cross-selling.

Turning to digital, Kate Spade has a well-established e-commerce business with the highest digital sales
penetration within our house of brands. During the quarter, we continued to drive momentum online,
achieving strong double-digit revenue growth through engaging brand experiences across our platforms.
In fact, we attracted over 250,000 new customers to the brand through our e-commerce channels in
North America, a meaningful increase compared to last year. Additionally, we reactivated over 100,000
customers through our digital channels, an increase of 100% compared to last year. This is an important
green shoot that demonstrates the traction we're making in strengthening our relationships with our core
customer base.

Turning to Kate Spade's priorities for holiday, most importantly, we will position the brand as the
destination for gifting, joy and celebration. In specialty, we are building upon the successes of the spade
flower assortment with our new coated canvas launch. In addition, we're excited to launch the all-day tote,
and we will debut a collaboration with brand ambassador Naomi Watanabe, which will roll out globally,
starting in Japan.

In outlet, we will offer an array of festive holiday products that are in keeping with the brand's DNA. We're
increasing the breadth and depth of box gift sets while also offering exclusive product drops over key
weekends throughout the holiday season. We're also launching a new core handbag collection, Natalia,
during the quarter.

Across channels, we are more fully integrating novelty into our assortment, offering fun and witty shapes
to excite the customer. At the same time, our teams are continuing to evolve the customer experience
from leveraging digital and social media platforms to opening select pop-up stores in order to engage
consumers in new and innovative ways. These are great examples of the team's agility and responsiveness
to adapt to the current landscape by putting the consumer first. And our holiday marketing campaigns
will be both celebratory and playful as we continue to lean into our strength as a storytelling brand. We're
also testing new digital platforms such as TikTok as a way to amplify our messages and connect with
consumers in relevant ways.

In closing, I'm incredibly optimistic about the long-term potential for Kate Spade. We are making
significant progress. And while there is still work ahead of us, we are confident that we're on the right
track.

Turning now to Stuart Weitzman, we are encouraged by the progress we made during the quarter. Sales
declined 35% versus prior year, improving from the previous quarter and exceeding our expectations
as a result of momentum in the direct business led by China and e-commerce, while wholesale results
benefited from shipment timing with the second quarter. Further, our focused strategic actions, notably
tight expense control, unprofitable market exits and store closures supported a significant narrowing of
the brand's operating loss year-over-year.

During the quarter, we delivered relevant and compelling product, capitalizing on the shift to casualization
in the marketplace. We drove innovation across key classifications, including our iconic 5050 and LAND
families. We delivered strong performance across our casual combat offering, led by our pearl-embellished
SONDRA boot. We also leaned into the lug sole trend with launches of the KOLBIE, WENDA and [ IVY ]
booties.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

In keeping with our focus on the consumer, we relaunched extended sizes and widths based on feedback
from our customers through a series of in-person and virtual trunk shows. This drove retention and
reactivation among our most loyal customers who love the brand for its fusion of fashion and fit.
Additionally, through our U.S. e-commerce channel, we recruited over 40% more new customers
compared to last year, establishing a more robust digital presence is an ongoing opportunity for the brand.

Touching on marketing, we drove cultural relevance through our fall campaign featuring Serena Williams,
our global spokeswoman, and Elaine Zhong, our new local ambassador in China. In addition, we launched
the 5050 VOTE campaign showcasing a limited edition design of our 5050 boot, which sold out within the
first week. This campaign has generated over 1.5 billion press impressions to date. We also strengthened
partnerships with key wholesale accounts, supported by consistent execution and on-time deliveries.
Looking ahead to spring, we're beginning to reestablish an expanded presence in these retailers.

As mentioned, consistent with our strategy, we are focusing distribution on those markets and channels
of greatest opportunity, notably China, building on the existing brand momentum. At the same time, we
closed underperforming stores and markets as planned.

Moving on to strategies for holiday at Stuart Weitzman. In product, we are emphasizing key classifications,
boots, booties and sneakers, while balancing buy now, wear now styles with transitional product. We will
also continue to build momentum in our casual offering, featuring our LIFT lug sole across the assortment.
From a marketing perspective, we will continue to feature our brand ambassadors and immersive 360-
degree campaigns focused on lifting women up in high fashion, high-function boots and booties for the
winter season. In closing, we have a clear vision for the brand, and we're seeing promising green shoots in
the business. I'm confident we will return Stuart Weitzman to profitable growth over our planning horizon.

Looking forward, building on the strength of the first quarter, we are increasingly optimistic in our ability
to accelerate growth across our portfolio. With 3 powerful brands, each with a unique purpose and
leadership position in attractive categories, we have a strong foundation and are well positioned as we
enter holiday and beyond. By continuing to sharpen our focus on the consumer and more fully leveraging
the power of the Tapestry platform, we will fuel desire for our brands and better meet the needs of
our customers through innovative and relevant product, a seamless shopping journey and immersive
customer experiences. These efforts, in combination with the work underway to transform Tapestry into a
leaner, more responsive organization, will not only accelerate the growth of our portfolio but enhance the
profitability and cash generation of our overall business, driving sustainable top and bottom line growth
over our planning horizon.

With that, I'll turn it over to Andrea for a detailed discussion of our financial results and outlook. Andrea?

Andrea Shaw Resnick
Interim CFO, Global Head of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Thanks, Joanne, and good morning, everyone. I hope this finds you all safe and well. Before I begin,
please keep in mind that my comments are based on non-GAAP results. Corresponding GAAP results and
the related reconciliation can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today.

As Joanne mentioned, our first quarter results exceeded expectations from a top and bottom line
perspective across our portfolio of brands. Total sales declined 14% from prior year, representing a
significant sequential improvement from the prior quarter across all brands, regions and channels. By
region, we delivered double-digit revenue growth in China, including double-digit bricks-and-mortar
growth. Outside of China, while revenue trends remained under pressure, every region showed substantial
progress from the prior quarter. By channel, performance was led by continued strength in e-commerce,
where we once again drove triple-digit growth. At the same time, we continue to drive improvements in
our global store sales trends.

Our holiday season has started off well with a continuation of momentum in China and across all digital
channels globally. Of course, the vast majority of the quarter is ahead of us and the variables are many.

Moving down the P&L, gross margin expanded 320 basis points year-over-year, driven by significant -- by
a significant 350 basis point improvement at Coach. This expansion was primarily due to lower levels of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

promotion as we successfully executed our strategy to maintain price discipline and raise AURs along with
a continued tailwind from geographic mix. At Kate Spade, gross margin rose by 100 basis points fueled
by channel mix benefits, notably a strategic pullback in the low-margin wholesale disposition channel. For
Stuart Weitzman, as expected, gross margin declined modestly year-over-year as a result of actions to
clear through inventory in advance of planned market exit.

SG&A declined 20% year-over-year, primarily reflecting effective expense management and the previously
announced actions to transform our operating model, which included a 20% reduction in run rate
corporate headcount costs. In addition, we realized a benefit from the sale of our Hong Kong office as well
as from temporary compensation reductions for our Board, management team and employees, which we
expect to restore beginning November 1. We also realized variable cost savings on the lower level of sales
and benefited from retail furloughs, notably early in the quarter. Taken together, despite lower sales in
the quarter, we delivered operating income growth of 37% and operating margin expansion of 720 basis
points.

As you may recall, we anticipated that FY '21 would be a year of efficiency-led profit growth and that our
ability to drive increases in gross margin and reductions in SG&A would be the initial indicators of progress
along our multiyear growth journey. Therefore, we are particularly pleased with our strong operating
margin expansion in the quarter which reflects the foundational changes underway and the potential to
drive long-term profitable growth under our acceleration program.

Earnings per diluted share for the quarter was $0.58 compared to $0.40 a year ago, representing an
increase of 45%.

Now, moving to distribution. For Tapestry, we closed a net of 15 locations globally as compared to the prior
quarter and a net of 50 closures over the past year as we continue to optimize our global fleet.

Turning to a discussion of our balance sheet and cash flow, we ended the quarter in a strong position
with $1.5 billion in cash and equivalent. Total borrowings outstanding at the end of the quarter were $2.3
billion, including the $700 million we drew down on our $900 million revolver. Total inventory ended the
quarter down 8%, which was better than our expectations due to better-than-anticipated revenue result.
While the backdrop remains uncertain, We believe our inventories are well positioned into the holiday
season and beyond. As an organization, we are managing to tighter inventory turn goals while expanding
gross margin.

CapEx for the quarter was $26 million, a decline of 64% versus prior year as we continue to prioritize
investments in high-return projects, notably in digital, while tightly controlling overall spend and reducing
our outlay for new stores. We continue to expect CapEx to be in the area of $150 million for FY '21 which
would be a decline of approximately $125 million compared to our normal annual spend. Free cash flow
for the quarter was $64 million, well ahead of both our expectations and an outflow of $66 million in the
prior year period. This achievement underscores the resilience and effective management of our brands
and business.

Now touching on our capital allocation priorities. In the near term, our priority is to preserve our cash on
hand and utilize free cash flow for a revolver paydown in FY '21. We will start this paydown in Q2. Longer
term, our strategic intent is to return to sustainable top and bottom line growth and strong free cash flow
generation, which we intend to utilize for debt paydown as well as capital return to shareholders.

Turning to our outlook. As noted in our release, we are not providing detailed guidance for the fiscal
year this time due to lack of visibility. Given our strong performance in the first quarter and assuming
a continuation of the slow and steady recovery from the pandemic, we now project revenue to increase
at a mid-single-digit rate over prior year for the full year fiscal '21 on both a 52-week and 53-week
basis. This includes the expectation for a low double-digit sales decline in the second quarter as we are
planning realistically given the uncertain backdrop. However, we are well positioned should demand
remain stronger.

Importantly, we're continuing to project a significant top line inflection in the second half of the fiscal
year. We remain focused on controlling the controllables and are building a strong foundation for

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

profitable expansion over our planning horizon. This includes continuing to take deliberate action to lower
promotional activity, increase AURs across brands as demonstrated once again in the first quarter to drive
gross margin expansion for the fiscal year. As previously announced, we're taking steps to aggressively
control our SG&A spend to implement structural changes to drive increased efficiencies.

Through these initiatives, we continue to estimate that we will realize approximately $300 million in gross
run rate savings -- expense savings including approximately $200 million in gross savings in FY '21 alone.
However, with a higher level of variable costs associated with the higher sales forecast, we would naturally
expect our net savings dollars to be somewhat lower than originally expected.

Looking ahead, we are creating a virtuous cycle or flywheel that should, as revenues inflect, drive bottom
line growth well in excess of top line gains over our planning horizon.

In closing, We are confident in our ability to create long-term value for our stakeholders. We are
committed to strengthening our brands and organization by focusing first and foremost on the consumer,
leveraging digital and data more fully and transforming into a leaner, more responsive organization. Our
teams continue to focus on the factors within our control and the successful execution of our acceleration
program during the holiday season and beyond. Importantly, our view of the long-term opportunities for
our brands is unchanged and our strategic intent to drive organic growth and profitability is unwavering.
Further, as Joanne mentioned, we firmly believe that together, benefiting from Tapestry's enabling
platform, our brands can achieve greater size and share than they could on their own.
We look forward to keeping you posted on our progress as we move forward. I'd now like to open it up to
Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from line of Bob Drbul of Guggenheim.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Joanne, congratulations on the new official role, best of luck.

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Executive Officer

Thanks, Bob.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Congratulations on a great first quarter. I was wondering if you could just address -- maybe elaborate a
little bit more in terms of how you feel you're positioned for the holiday. I'm just wondering if you could
share any of the trends you've seen thus far in Q2 for us.

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Executive Officer

We did deliver a strong quarter in the first quarter. And our Q1 performance really reinforces the potential
of our acceleration program as well as the agility of our teams. We're really pleased with the progress
we're making across all of our brands, and we're confident in the foundation we're building and the
opportunity to drive long-term growth and value. But the environment is uncertain in the near term, and
we're staying focused on being close to the consumer, and as Andrea said, controlling the controllables.

We have a comprehensive strategy around holiday, leaning into digital. We have initiatives to elongate the
holiday shopping period. We're leveraging technology such as virtual queues or appointment shopping,
which we're seeing customers increasingly adopt. And omnichannel capabilities, like buy online, pick up in
store become more important.

October has started out well. We've continued our momentum from the first quarter, and we're well
positioned to flex, should demand further improve.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo.

Irwin Bernard Boruchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great to see the improvement, Joanne. I'll add my congratulations, that's great news. Just at a high
level, since Bob kind of went through the holiday stuff, on AUR, the past couple of years, I feel like you
guys have talked about a shift to lower-priced handbags, crossbodies, things that have added some AUR
pressure for the category in your business. And It seems like some of that stuff might be reversing, maybe
a shift to larger bags, women need to carry gloves and sanitizers and masks. So I'm kind of curious if
you're seeing any of that and if that has some tail to it. And then within North America, the improvement's
great, but can you talk about market share? Are you gaining share? Or is the category just kind of taking
off a lot faster than what people thought?

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Executive Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Our AUR performance has been quite intentional and really not related to product mix. We've been on
this journey for a while, even pre-COVID, starting to get traction in growing our AUR. And I'll make a few
comments, but toss it over to Todd to talk about the specific successes we're seeing at Coach. But we're
focused on driving AUR by being close to our consumer and delivering value that our consumers value.
And we're also embedding data and analytics better into our decision-making processes to better inform
the assortment breadth, how we allocate that assortment, where we put -- allocate inventory by -- at a
store level and how we price our product. And I think you're seeing all of those things come to bear in the
AUR expansion. But it does start with understanding our consumer and delivering beautiful products that
they value, and we're doing that so well at Coach.

I'll pass it to Todd for his comments.

Todd Kahn
President, Chief Administrative Officer, Interim CEO & Brand President

Thank you, Joanne. Joanne is exactly right. What we've seen and what we started in the fourth quarter
demonstrated in the first quarter and will continue in our future is really deliver compelling product. And
with great intention, we have taken down the promotional cadence and that has really impacted our AUR.
And we see that trend going forward. Also, we benefit slightly from mix. So as you know, China is more
and more important in our mix, and that's adding to our AUR. But again, it is a very intentional process.

And as we've always said at Coach, we use magic and logic. I think now more than ever, this consumer
centricity that we are embedding in the actual design and the briefs that our merchants and our designers
get create much better success rates going forward. And you'll see that in a reduced SKU count that will
also enhance our ability to maintain higher AURs.

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Executive Officer

And Ike, I want to come back on your question around market share in North America. We're really
pleased with the progress we're making and the trends in North America across our channels. And we
believe that we are -- we have tremendous growth potential in the market, and we're seeing more in
recruiting, more new customers to the brands. So -- and that's across all of our brands. So we are pleased
with our performance in North America and the growth we're seeing across the market.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Erinn Murphy of Piper Sandler.

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Joanne, congratulations to you and to the team as well. I guess my question is around the influx of new
customers that you were just speaking to. Can you talk a little bit more about where these customers are
coming from? Are they switching from other brands? Or just following up on Ike's question, just broader
interest in the handbag category. And then maybe if you can share a little bit more about your strategies
to retain these customers and think about them as more repeat customers over time.

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Executive Officer

We're -- we spent a lot of time improving our marketing capabilities and understanding our consumer.
When we say it's part of our acceleration program that we want to focus on our consumers, it's really
developing a deeper understanding of our consumers and how to reach them. We talked a lot about some
of the test and learn capabilities that we've added to our marketing teams, leveraging analytics not only
to know them better and develop deeper insights, but also test how to reach our consumers at a better
level. And that has helped us unlock some of this new customer recruitment that we're seeing. But also,
we believe, will help us reach these customers and retain customers. There are many things that we
have underway across our brands to drive not only recruitment but retention of our customers, and we're
seeing traction. And we talked about recruitment at Coach, but we're also seeing it at Kate Spade as well,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

including reengagement of lapsed customers. And we're also rolling out loyalty programs to continue to
better engage our consumers.

So we have a comprehensive strategy, not just in marketing, as Todd mentioned. It's knowing our
consumers, leveraging those insights, building it into our product, also building it into our marketing
capabilities so we can continue to reach and engage those consumers.

Todd Kahn
President, Chief Administrative Officer, Interim CEO & Brand President

Yes, and just building on what Joanne said for the Coach brand. This quarter, we attracted 500,000 new
customers. Over 40% of them were Gen Z and millennials. And we see and continue high purchase intent.
And one of the things early days, but we're seeing them repeat purchase at an accelerated rate. So that
bodes really well for the program and our offering. And as Joanne mentioned, we launched on October 1 in
North America our Coach Insider program, which is an omni program for both digital and brick-and-mortar
to really further engage and create a sense of community among the Coach customers.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager of Baird.

Mark R. Altschwager
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Congratulations as well. I wanted to follow up on gross margin. Could you maybe just help us understand
the magnitude of some of the geographic mix benefits versus AUR and some of the other factors?
Looking ahead, gross margin comparisons do ease over the next couple of quarters, but as North America
recovers, perhaps that's a bit of a headwind to gross margin. But I guess as you put this all together, I
mean, are you -- do you think you could sustain gross margins near this 70% level that you've achieved
over the past couple of quarters?

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Executive Officer

Mark, we are targeting gross margin expansion for the year, and we are making systemic changes to
how we manage our business, and that is driving our margin improvement as well as we have seen some
channel mix benefit as well in the gross margin. But we are also seeing product margins increase from the
action -- specific actions we're taking. I touched on them earlier, but driving AUR includes embedding data
and analytics into how we're managing the business, really knowing our customer and delivering products
that resonates with them and delivering a great value. That has allowed us to step away from promotional
activity and that has been a real win in terms of driving AUR.

I'll pass it to Andrea. She can give you some of the specifics about the splits between channel mix and
product mix. But the answer to your question is we expect to continue to drive AUR growth and margin
expansion this year.

Andrea Shaw Resnick
Interim CFO, Global Head of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Thanks, Mark. Thanks, Joanne. Yes, absolutely, in the first quarter, we saw obviously very strong
gross margin expansion. At Coach, that gross margin expansion was primarily driven by a reduction in
promotional activity and higher IMU, while channel mix did help given our growth in China, which, as you
know, Mark, international markets do have a higher overall gross margin and, of course, having a very
low exposure at Coach to wholesale also helps its gross margin. The overriding driver there was on the
promotional -- the reduction in promotional activity and the higher AUR.

At Kate Spade, we saw the primary driver be channel mix. And as I spoke to in the prepared remarks,
we saw a significant decline in year-over-year wholesale disposition, which, of course, is a low-margin
business for us. As we look ahead in our second quarter, we would expect that gross margin at Coach
would continue to be significantly expanding on a year-over-year basis, driven again by that promotional

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

activity and AUR. At Kate Spade, we would not expect gross margin to increase, and that will not have
that, if you will, the channel mix driver in the second quarter, although we would not expect promotional
activity to be up year-over-year as it was not up in Q1. And we would expect gross margin at SW to
be down. So in the second quarter, promotional activity at Coach and higher AURs at Coach will be the
primary driver.

And for the full year, we would expect gross margin for Tapestry to be overall up. Obviously, in the fourth
quarter of the year, just going out a little bit, we will have a very difficult comparison given the significant
growth in gross margin in the fourth quarter of '20.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Merriman of Bernstein.

Jamie Susan Merriman
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Joanne, you talked about data and analytics initiatives and the ability of that to help drive your lower
promotional levels and help reengage some of your lapsed customers. But can you talk a little bit about
how you're building that capability? Is that being done in house? Are you partnering with third parties?
And then where do you see the biggest opportunities to leverage that data? Is it in terms of actually
driving accelerated revenue? Is it sustainably reducing promotions over the long term?

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Executive Officer

Thank you. It's all of the above. Part of our acceleration program is really focused on leveraging data and
analytics capabilities. And we have over time built a very sophisticated data and analytics capabilities. And
our focus through the acceleration program is really embedding those capabilities into our decision-making
process. So we have very robust capability and the right architecture and a lot of data. And our focus now
is how to unlock that data and the insights and really drive decision-making. And we're seeing that benefit
across several areas of our business and of the value chain. If you think about it from how we assort
product, we've talked about SKU reductions. We've taken significant reductions in our SKU count informed
by the analytics that we're seeing. So the teams, the merchants and the product teams are understanding
the performance of our assortments and leveraging those analytics, balancing that with their intuition but
leveraging analytics to understand what the right assortment architecture is.

I talked about the work we're doing to allocate to our stores the right product based on the customers
in those stores and what they're voting for and what they -- what resonates with them. So knowing
customers more deeply in each of our locations and then building our assortments in our stores to reflect
their preferences, we're getting much sharper at that. That's driving improvement. The pricing piece of
it in the promo analytics is about disaggregating our promotional data and understanding at a consumer
level what resonates with which consumers and then leveraging that through our marketing capabilities,
leveraging analytics to make sure we're reaching the right customers with the right messages. So it's
really throughout the value chain, and it's an opportunity. We found the opportunity to really embed the
analytics into our decision-making processes. And it does impact revenue growth overall because all of
those things drive higher AUR, faster turnover of our inventory and lower promotional activity, which
drives higher sales.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America.

Lorraine Corrine Maikis Hutchinson
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I was encouraged to hear that you'll begin paying the revolver down in the second quarter. Can you talk
a little bit about what it will take to reinstate the dividend? Is it a debt leverage ratio or sales and margin
returning to positive territory? Maybe just give us a little bit of your thought process behind that.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Executive Officer

Yes, I'll say I appreciate that question, Lorraine, because as we entered and have been navigating through
the disruption, our focus was to ensure the stability of our business and the sustainable generation of free
cash flow. So as we're having this conversation about paying down the debt and capital allocation in the
future, it does show that we're making progress in generating stable free cash flow. I'll talk to -- but the
environment and visibility does remain uncertain, the environment is dynamic. So we're managing through
that. But I'll pass it to Andrea to give you an understanding of our capital allocation priorities.

Andrea Shaw Resnick
Interim CFO, Global Head of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

Yes, Joanne, I think you really touched on it. We're really prioritizing liquidity and financial flexibility in '21
to navigate the current environment. We made the decision to suspend our dividend and share repurchase
programs. That saved us about $700 million a year on an annualized basis compared to last year. And our
intent is to return to sustainable top and bottom line growth and strong free cash flow generation which
we're going to use for debt pay down. In fact, our first pay down on the revolver should be tomorrow. And
so we're going to begin in Q2 '21. But just note that during our covenant period, we are restricted from
paying dividends or repurchasing shares. And Lorraine, I think you know that. I think we discussed that.
But longer term, we are going to, of course, evaluate shareholder returns as part of our priorities for cash
through dividend and share repurchase. And we're going to be prudent before reinstating our shareholder
return program. We have to consider the near-term liquidity needs of the business and credit metrics to
maintain our investment-grade rating. And we know what it takes to maintain that, and that's important to
us.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Oliver Chen of Cowen.

Oliver Chen
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Regarding Coach outlet and marketing to the Coach outlet customers, what do you see as the road map
ahead and plans there to continue to innovate and capture customers and engage them there? I would
also love your thoughts on creativity and creative innovation in magic plus logic. In the context of the
consumer data and the machine learning and your thoughts on the Coach brand and where that should go
next, how will you harness that to just maintain fashion credibility as you continue to make progress?

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Executive Officer

I'll make a couple of comments but then pass it over to Todd. In terms of the outlet business, we're really
thrilled with the response we've seen from our consumers in the outlet channel. We continue to deliver
really tremendous value and beautiful high-quality product to consumers in that channel. And we're
learning how to engage consumers in a more relevant way through all channels in the outlet. And it's not
just the outlet, it's also across the space, across all channels.

And as we think about -- I love the question about creativity in magic and logic. I tend to talk a lot about
data and analytics, but our company has always prized that balance of magic and logic. And I think you
can see from the assortments that we're delivering, that creative balance is critically important to deliver
product that consumers value. And our teams continue to do a great job delivering beautiful product and
great value for our consumers, and that's a key element. I think if you've seen the Basquiat collection at
Coach -- and Todd, I don't want to steal all your thunder, but it is a huge product and quite creative as
well as the novelty product in the spade flower that we've introduced at Kate Spade. So it's across our
brands.

But I'll kick it over to Todd and let him comment.

Todd Kahn

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

President, Chief Administrative Officer, Interim CEO & Brand President

It is the CEO's prerogative to steal a little thunder, that's okay. But Joanne did hit on really the key issues.
First, machine learning is absolutely something we're looking at and all of this data, particularly to help
inform the briefs and the merchants. But I think -- and you hit it on the head, it's the balance of the magic
and logic. And that is so key. A machine as sophisticated -- and I hope my data analytics people don't
get too offended by this, are not going to design the handbag that definitively we put out there and sell.
They will help inform the design of the handbag. And what you see when Joanne mentioned Basquiat,
that's a full price opportunity. We hit amazing AURs in the first quarter for handbags, over $745 with that
collection. It just shows when it's emotional, it really trumps price and trumps anything else. And that was
emotional.

Similarly, in October, we launched the Marvel collection for outlet. Again, incredible AUR, very compelling,
very emotional. So we see those opportunities continued. And even what we've done with Basquiat is
for the first time we [ seeded ] a bag, the Beat bag in that collection, and now that's a major bag for our
holiday season going forward. So I think it is constantly reimagining that blend.

And then finally, on outlet, we're just getting started. What we understand and recognize is the outlet
consumer is an omni consumer. And limiting that value customer who, by the way, tends to be a little
younger, limiting them only to brick-and-mortar was a mistake. The opportunity to be expansive and to
allow them to shop where they want to shop is a huge unlock that I see us accomplishing our goal of
capturing market share through all of these channels.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Paul Trussell of Deutsche Bank.

Paul Trussell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I too want to share my congratulations, both for the performance and on the announcement, Joanne.
And also, I can personally speak to the men's Basquiat collection being quite compelling. So I wanted to
go back and touch on the digital growth. you're obviously driving really strong gains there. Maybe just
speak in more detail on the success you're having across the geographies on the digital platform. And
maybe in China specifically, how should we think about your direct business versus the third-party online
distribution mix and just the overall impact that these digital gains are having to the P&L from a channel
mix perspective? And then just to sneak in, just separately, Coach has really been the focus of investor
conversations that we've had. So I would just want to make sure that we have -- what should be the
major takeaway for learning for investors from this quarter as it relates to Kate and Stuart specifically.

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Executive Officer

I'll start with the digital business, Paul. We saw the second quarter in a row of triple-digit growth across
our digital channels. And we're leveraging and leaning into our digital capabilities not only to serve the
customer in that channel, but also as a recruitment vehicle for new customers. Todd just mentioned the
success we're having in the Coach brand. But across all of our brands and recruiting new customers across
brands through that channel. Significant growth in North America, but also globally. And we have the
capabilities to serve our customers through the digital channel globally. Simultaneously, however, we saw
that triple-digit growth while we continue to drive sequential improvement in the stores business so -- in
the first quarter. So encouraged that we continue to see the consumer adopt and lean into digital as the
stores business has improved.

To your point on the P&L, our digital margins are accretive. And we are structurally, from a P&L
perspective, leaning into digital as a benefit to our P&L. Our business, as I said, structurally is favorable
in the digital business. We have high AUR and high order values as well as high margin. And because
our business is not size, we have a relatively lower returns rate, which drives a higher overall operating
margin in the channel. We're capturing new customers, as I mentioned, and expect to continue to invest

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

in this channel, both in marketing but also new capabilities. So we're incredibly optimistic about what we
see, the road we see ahead in digital and continue to expect the penetration to increase.

We're doing that across regions. To your question, again, significant growth in North America, but also
significant in China where -- and in Europe. But in China, interestingly, the Coach brand is the #1 ranked
brand on the Tmall platform. So we are reaching consumers through that channel, and that's obviously an
important channel to reach a number of consumers in that market. So we're very encouraged by the work
that we're doing and our ability to engage consumers, recruit consumers and retain consumers through
that channel and what it means for our P&L.

We are seeing that across our brands, and you mentioned Kate Spade. We made progress across all of
our brands this quarter. And I don't want -- Coach had such a standout performance. I don't want it to
be lost, but we also drove top line and bottom line ahead of expectations in both Kate Spade and Stuart
Weitzman. We are making progress in those brands and important progress. And particularly as it relates
to digital, Kate Spade is our most digitally -- highest digitally penetrated brand already, and we're having
success reaching consumers through that channel and the Kate Spade brand, recruiting new customers,
reengaging lapsed customers. The team is working very hard to really lean into the fundamental elements
of the brand. We talked about the spade flower introduction from a product perspective which has been
very well received, and that is -- that will become a new icon that we can build off of for the brand. So
we're making progress in the product as well as in the way we're engaging consumers in the Kate Spade
brand.

I continue to have, and we continue to be confident in the long-term potential there. And I'll touch on
Stuart Weitzman, also promising green shoots in the quarter. We improved revenue, we narrowed our
operating loss during the quarter with focused actions. The team was very bold to make sure that we were
focusing on the most profitable and productive distribution. And that, you can see the results of that. You
can see in the progress we made in Stuart Weitzman in the quarter. So progress across our portfolio for
the first quarter.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Omar Saad of Evercore.

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Especially maybe give us kind of a historical evolution of the digital channel for the outlet business. I
think a couple of management teams ago, it was more of a flash sale operation. And maybe you can
kind of describe the iterations and where you are now with coachoutlet.com or what the vision is for
coachoutlet.com and how that's different for this, obviously, very important part of the customer base.

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Executive Officer

I think you got cut out on the first part of your question, Omar, but related to the digital and how we
think about the digital business now versus historically. Historically, the consumer and the channel was
leveraged for -- in a completely different way. And now as we think about -- you're right, historically,
we did lean into the flash sale elements of the digital business. But today, as we get closer to our
consumers, the digital channel -- and understand how they shop, the digital channel is an important way
the consumers discover brands, engage with brands on a number of levels, not just to transact but also to
engage across different platforms. And the way we think about engaging consumers today is really putting
the consumer first and being available for that consumer wherever and however they want to engage with
our brand.

We've seen a lot of success in the digital channel in terms of growing sales through the channel, but we're
also having a lot of success through the digital channel in engaging our consumers through our marketing
activities, even with our store associates engaging our consumers on social media platforms to host their
staffing parties and really developing communities behind our brands. And so the digital space is quite

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

a bit different today than it was even a few years ago. The consumer shopping behaviors are changing
rapidly. We're staying very close to our consumers and working to meet them where they are.

And I can pass it to Todd about some specifics around the Coach brand.

Todd Kahn
President, Chief Administrative Officer, Interim CEO & Brand President

Yes. Thank you, Joanne. And I was here in the days when we launched [ DOS ], and this is not your
father's [ EOS ]. This -- our digital platform now is so different. Before it was a closed idea where we
kept going with the same customer base over and over and over again and talking about price, price,
price. This is an expansive channel recognizing where the consumer is, how she's shopping and talking
about value. And the learnings we're getting and the frequency of purchase and the marketing that we're
putting behind it that's measurable in the digital performance marketing, it's completely different. And as
I mentioned a little earlier, talking about the Coach Insider launch, this is a huge opportunity to create a
sense of community across both the digital and the physical platforms. And what we're seeing is greater
purchase intent, higher frequency and really just deeper engagement with the brand. So I see this as
a tremendous opportunity. And the learnings that we're gaining from North America will transcend this
market. And you will see us do this in other markets over our planning horizon.

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Congratulations, Joanne, on the great opportunity.

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Executive Officer

Thank you, Omar.

Operator

Our last question will come from the line of Simeon Siegel of BMO Capital Markets.

Simeon Avram Siegel
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Joanne, really, congrats on the new position. It's great news. So really impressive handbag AUR increase.
Could you share the total company or Coach level AUR increase? And then really encouraging to hear kind
of the short-term expectation for opportunity. Any help on thinking through the longer-term gross margin
opportunity from here?

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Executive Officer

Yes, I'll kick it off by saying the gross margin expansion that we saw in the first quarter has been
intentional and an integral part of our acceleration program to get closer to our consumer and embed data
and analytics, and I touched on a couple of times on the call how that's coming to life in the business and
delivering the gross margin expansion that we're seeing. We do believe that we have the opportunity to
continue to expand gross margin as we move forward, not only for this year but beyond this year across
all of our brands. And I can let Todd touch on the specific Coach AUR.

Todd Kahn
President, Chief Administrative Officer, Interim CEO & Brand President

Yes, our AUR, as you saw, grew over 25%, including 20% in North America. So we're really pleased with
these AURs. And again, our intention through creation, through SKU reduction, through reduction in
promotion, we want to hold on to higher AURs, and we think we have that opportunity.

Christina Colone
Vice President of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Thank you so much, everyone, for your time. I will now turn it over to Joanne for some closing remarks.

Joanne C. Crevoiserat
Chief Executive Officer

Yes, thanks again, everybody, for joining us today. A little bit earlier than normal. It is an honor to be
leading this organization. We have such talented global teams with great brands, and Tapestry is an
enabling platform. Very pleased with the results we delivered in the first quarter against a very uncertain
backdrop. And we're confident in the long-term strategy and potential to create value.

I'm looking forward to keeping you all posted on our progress moving forward. Thanks very much.

Operator
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

TAPESTRY, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

