TE Connectivity Ltd. NYSE:TEL
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, October 28, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.87

1.16

33.33

1.13

1.25

3.98

4.26

7.04

5.17

2899.45

3261.00

12.47

3099.18

3200.00

11801.30

12172.00

3.14

12962.57

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-28-2020 11:31 AM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.14

0.99

0.41

0.87

1.21

1.29

0.59

1.16

6.14 %

30.30 %

43.90 %

33.33 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Heath A. Mitts
Executive VP & CFO

Sujal Shah
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Luke L. Junk
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Mark Trevor Delaney
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Nikolay Todorov
Longbow Research LLC

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Shawn Matthew Harrison
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research
Division

Steven Bryant Fox
Fox Advisors LLC

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

William Stein
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Christopher M. Snyder
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Craig Matthew Hettenbach
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

David Lee Kelley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Deepa Bhargavi
Narasimhapuram Raghavan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Garrett Klumpar
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

James Dickey Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Joseph Craig Giordano
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TE Connectivity Fourth Quarter
Earnings Conference Call for Fiscal Year 2020. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being
recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah.
Please go ahead.

Sujal Shah
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's Fourth Quarter
and Full Year 2020 results. With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial
Officer, Heath Mitts.

During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the
forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain
non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press
release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items. The press release
and related tables, along with the slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of
our website at te.com. Due to the large number of participants on the Q&A portion of today's call, we're
asking everyone to limit themselves to 1 question to make sure we can give everyone an opportunity to
ask questions during the allotted time. We're willing to take follow-up questions but ask that you rejoin the
queue if you have a second question.

Now let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Thanks, Sujal, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today to cover our results of the fourth quarter as
well as our expectations for our first quarter of fiscal 2021.

Before I get into the slides, I do want to frame out some key points about today's call. First off, I am very
pleased with our execution in the fourth quarter, where we delivered sequential sales growth of 28%,
which was above our expectations and adjusted earnings per share of $1.16. Our top line benefited from a
better-than-expected recovery in automotive production, coupled with our leading position in this market.
Adjusted operating margins expanded sequentially by over 500 basis points, while we also executed on
our inventory reduction plans that we discussed with you last quarter. And while we're still in a market
where we're being impacted by COVID-related weakness and it has challenged our business model on
margins and EPS, I also believe we successfully executed on a number of the key elements of our business
model, including strong free cash flow as well as content growth that helped offset weakness we had in
key markets. And I'll come back to this in a moment and get into a little bit more detail into that.

The other thing is that we are pleased to see a faster recovery in certain markets as evidenced in our
orders. But I do want to highlight that the visibility on the shape and the slope of the longer-term recovery
still remains limited. And lastly, as we look into our first quarter, we are expecting sales to be roughly flat
to the first quarter of fiscal 2019, but with adjusted operating margin and earnings per share expansion,
both year-over-year and on a sequential basis. And for the first quarter, which Heath and I will talk
about, we are expecting sales and adjusted earnings per share of approximately $3.2 billion and $1.25,
respectively.

Now while the challenges that we've experienced associated with COVID impacted the second half of
our year, I am pleased that we demonstrated key element of our business model in fiscal 2020. We are
benefiting from the active management of our portfolio over the years and the actions that we've taken

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

to optimize our cost structure. And before we get into slides, again, I just want to give a few examples of
what stood out to us during the year.

First of all, despite the market headwinds, we benefited from the secular trends across the business that
we've positioned the company around. And this is evident in automotive, where we delivered 6 bp points
of outgrowth versus the auto market in 2020, which reinforce our ability to generate content growth in
both a growing and production or a declining production environment. And it's also important to remember
that China is the largest auto production market in the world, and we benefited from increased volumes in
our leading position in this region as it's recovered.

Another highlight is our communications segment that remained resilient through the downturn and
delivered strong growth both year-over-year and sequentially in the second half, driven by the build-out
of data center capability. We also saw margin expansion with the segment delivering adjusted operating
margins at its mid-teens target level for the year. And lastly, the foundation of our business model is the
cash-generative nature of our businesses. We once again demonstrated this in fiscal '20 with $1.5 billion
of free cash flow and this represents 104% conversion to net income.

With this as a backdrop, I do want to take a moment to provide some perspective on our business and
markets relative to our last earnings call 90 days ago. Last quarter, we said that the third quarter would
be the low point of the downturn. This is now confirmed with 40% improvement in sequential orders in the
fourth quarter, along with sequential revenue and EPS growth, both in the fourth quarter as well as what
we expect into the first quarter. As we look into the first quarter, the business is returning to prior year
levels with expansion of adjusted margin and earnings per share. And while auto production has come
back a little bit stronger than we expected, we are still well below 2019 production levels of 88 million
units on an annual basis. And we still believe the shape of the recovery will continue to be gradual and
dependent on the global consumer. Over 19 million vehicles were produced in the fourth quarter, and we
expect sequential improvement in auto production in the first quarter to 21 million units. In our other 2
segments, the industrial and communications segments, we do expect them to be down sequentially with
some pockets of weakness like we have in commercial aerospace.

So with that, let me get into the slides. And if you could please turn to Slide 3, I'll provide some additional
details for the fourth quarter and the full year as well as our expectations for 2021 first quarter. Quarter
4 sales of $3.26 billion were better than our expectations and up 28% sequentially. Transportation sales
were up approximately 50% sequentially, driven by the recovery in our auto sales, which were up 68%.
Industrial sales were up 11% sequentially with growth across all businesses. And in our communications
segment, sales were up slightly sequentially and up 12% year-over-year. During the quarter, we saw
orders of approximately $3.35 billion and a book-to-bill ratio of 1.03, which I'll add more color on when I
talk to that slide in a moment.

Adjusted earnings per share was $1.16, and adjusted operating margins were up 500 basis points
sequentially to 14.5%. As we mentioned at the onset of COVID, we kept inventory levels relatively high to
ensure we can meet commitments to our customers through a period of supply chain volatility. During the
quarter, we drove a significant reduction in inventory in TE, primarily in the transportation segment with
some reduction in industrial as well. This helped our free cash flow, but did impact our margins negatively,
both at the company level and in the transportation segment. In the fourth quarter, free cash flow was
approximately $650 million. And we returned $1.1 billion to shareholders during the year, including
approximately $625 million of dividends and $500 million of share buybacks.

When we look to the full year of 2020, sales were $12.2 billion, and they were down 10% year-over-year
on both a reported and organic basis due to the impacts of COVID on our markets. Adjusted operating
margins were 14.2% with adjusted EPS of $4.26. While transportation and industrial were impacted by the
market weakness, our communications segment grew 15% organically from the first half to the second
half, demonstrating the diversity of our portfolio. I am also pleased that we didn't hit this downturn flat-
footed. Prior to the onset of COVID, we began executing on cost reduction and footprint consolidation
plans in the transportation and industrial segments to get to the target margins we've been discussing
with you. As we look forward, we do expect quarter 1 sales of $3.2 billion, which is up 1% year-over-

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

year on a reported basis and adjusted earnings per share of $1.25, up 3% year-over-year, which is an
expansion in both adjusted operating margins and EPS in the first quarter.

So if you could, I would appreciate if you turn to Slide 4, and let me talk about orders across the
businesses as well as geographically. For the fourth quarter, our orders were over $3.3 billion and our
book-to-bill improved to 1.03, as I mentioned earlier. On a year-over-year basis, transportation orders
grew 12%, driven by auto, but we did also see growth in our commercial transportation and sensors
orders as well. Industrial declines year-over-year were primarily driven by the ongoing weakness in
commercial aerospace. And in communications, our growth was 13%, driven by the appliances business
unit as that market recovers globally post-COVID. Our book-to-bill was above 1 in transportation
and below 1 in our other segments, supporting our sequential revenue growth in quarter 1 in our
transportation segment and the declines we expect sequentially in industrial and communications.

So let me add some color on orders from a geographic perspective. For the second consecutive quarter, we
saw an increase of orders in China, which were up nearly 25% year-over-year in the fourth quarter with
growth in each of our segments, but particularly strength in transportation. We saw approximately 8%
year-over-year growth in our orders in Europe and this was also primarily driven by transportation. And
in North America, our orders declined 8% year-over-year, primarily driven by the industrial segment and
weakness in the comm air market.

So with that as a backdrop of orders, let me get into the segment results, and they'll be on Slides 5
through 7, and I'll hit the high points that will be on the slides as I go through the segments.

So let me start with transportation. Transportation sales were down 6% organically year-over-year with
declines in each of our business, as you can see on the slide. In auto, sales were down 4% organically,
driven by global auto production declines. Even with the dynamic changes in the auto market due to
COVID in 2020, we generated 6 points of content growth for the full year. And that just proves our
continued outperformance versus the weaker market. I would ask you to keep in mind that content growth
can vary quarter-by-quarter, but we continue to expect 4% to 6% content growth in auto over the long
term. And when you look at 2020, the production of internal combustion vehicles dropped nearly 20% this
year. But we did benefit from the increase in hybrid and electric vehicle production, that was up 13% in
our fiscal year.

When you look at hybrid and electric vehicle production, it now represents 10% of the total global auto
production. And we expect that EV and HEV production to reach approximately 20 million units in the next
5 years. Our customers' plans remain on track for full battery electric and hybrid electric vehicles, and
there's even been some acceleration of road maps as OEMs respond to increased demand and a more
stringent regulatory environment in certain parts of the world. We are a leading provider of technology
and products to our customers as they move to more sustainable hybrid and electric platforms. In sensors,
we saw 10% growth year-on-year due to the revenue contribution from the first sensor acquisition.
And on an organic basis, sales increased 9% sequentially, as we expected, with our year-over-year
performance being impacted by the market volatility. We continue to grow our design win pipeline and
auto applications and expect growth as these platforms increase in volume.

Adjusted operating margins for the transportation segment declined year-over-year as a result of the
planned inventory work down in the quarter that I mentioned earlier. We expect significant sequential
adjusted margin expansion in the transportation segment in the first quarter, which will be the driver of
the company's margin expansion, both sequentially and year-over-year in the first quarter.

Let me turn to the industrial segment. In this segment, sales declined 6% organically year-over-year, and
our adjusted operating margins were approximately 14%, and impacted by the lower volumes as well
as some of the inventory work down. We remain on track with our long-term margin expansion plans in
this segment and we remain focused on driving adjusted operating margins into the high teens. During
the quarter, the segment continued to be impacted by the decline in the commercial aerospace market
with our aerospace, defense and marine business declining 13% organically. We do expect the comm air
weakness to continue into early 2021 as the market is still in the process of bottoming.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

In our industrial equipment business, our revenue was down 2% organically and better than we expected,
with declines in Europe being partially offset by growth in Asia. We continue to see weakness in our
medical business with ongoing delays in elective procedures caused by COVID. We believe this is a short-
term dynamic in our medical business as consistent with what our customers are seeing, and we expect
this market to return to strong growth as elective procedures start to increase.

Turning now to communications. Our sales grew 11% organically year-over-year with growth in both
data and devices as well as appliances. We continue to benefit from the recovery in China and Asia
more broadly, which represents over half of our sales in this segment. Data and devices grew 7%
organically year-over-year due to our strong position that we've built in high-speed solutions and cloud
applications. Appliances grew 18% organically year-over-year with growth across all regions and benefits
from an improved housing market as well as supply chain replenishment. Our communications team
performed very well and adjusted operating margins grew to over 21% in the fourth quarter. This strong
performance is a result of the multiyear transformation of our portfolio and reduction in our cost structure
and manufacturing footprint. Adjusted operating margins for the segment for the full year were 16%,
which is in line with our target, and we continue to expect mid-teens operating margins long-term in this
segment.

So with this overview of segment performance, let me turn it over to Heath, who'll get into more details
on the financials as well as our quarter 1 expectations.

Heath A. Mitts
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 8, where I will provide more
details on the Q4 financials. Adjusted operating income was $473 million with an adjusted operating
margin of 14.5%. GAAP operating income was $347 million, and included $113 million of restructuring
and other charges and $13 million of acquisition-related charges. For the full year, restructuring charges
were $257 million. And I expect restructuring charges of approximately $200 million in fiscal '21 as we
continue to optimize our manufacturing footprint and improve the cost structure of the organization.
Adjusted EPS was $1.16 and GAAP EPS was $0.69 for the quarter and included a noncash tax-related
charge of $0.17 related to an increase of the valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets. We also
had restructuring, acquisition and other charges of $0.31. The adjusted effective tax rate in Q4 and the
full year was approximately 17%. And for FY '21, we expect an adjusted effective tax rate around 19%,
but it's important to note here that our cash tax rate will still be well below that in the mid-teens.

Turning to Slide 9. Sales of $3.3 billion were down 1% on a reported basis and down 4% on an organic
basis year-over-year. Currency exchange rates positively impacted sales by $39 million versus the prior
year. And at current levels, currency will be a $55 million tailwind in Q1. Now adjusted operating margins
were 14.5% and expanded 510 basis points sequentially, as mentioned earlier. And while we anticipated
pressure to our operating margin performance due to the planned inventory reduction we highlighted last
quarter, I am pleased that we reduced inventory by nearly $300 million in the quarter. Just as a point of
reference, our inventory overall came down 12% from the June quarter to the September quarter. And
as you can imagine, that had a couple hundred basis points of pressure to our margins as we kept the
inventory right-sized. But I feel good about the impact it had on our cash flows.

The inventory reduction primarily impacted the transportation segment, but we also had some impact in
the industrial segment. We continue to execute on our footprint consolidation plans and pursue additional
opportunities to drive cost reduction. We remain committed to our business model margin expansion
goals, and we expect volume growth combined with our restructuring plans over time to drive adjusted
operating margins in transportation to 20%, industrial to the high teens and communications consistently
in the mid-teens.

For the quarter, cash from continuing operating activities was $719 million. Free cash flow was
approximately $650 million for the quarter. For the full year, free cash flow was approximately $1.5 billion,
which represents 104% cash conversion. For fiscal '21, we expect free cash flow conversion to again be
strong at approximately 100%.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Looking back on our performance in fiscal '20 and the extreme volatility we saw in our end markets, our
cash flow and capital structure performed in line with our expectations. We maintained a strong liquidity
position and generated strong free cash flow in each quarter of this year. We maintained a balanced capital
strategy, returning capital to shareholders and remaining active in M&A with the acquisition of our first
sensor. During the year, we spent $505 million on share repurchases, buying back 6.5 million in shares.
At the same time, we continue to invest for future growth through R&D and capital spending initiatives
and we're able to gain share with key customers through our robustness we showed in our manufacturing
operations. Going forward, we remain committed to our balanced capital deployment strategy and expect
to return 2/3 of free cash flow to shareholders while supporting our inorganic growth initiatives.

Please turn to Slide 10 to discuss our expectations going forward. For Q1, we are expecting sales of
approximately $3.2 billion up 1% on a reported basis and down 2% organically on a year-over-year basis.
Sequentially, we are expecting organic growth in transportation to be offset by modest declines in both
industrial and communications. On a year-on-year basis, for the first quarter, we expect transportation to
be essentially flat organically, communications to grow mid-single digits and industrial to be down mid- to
high-single digits. Adjusted EPS is expected to be approximately $1.25, up 3% year-over-year. And for the
first quarter, we are expecting significant growth in adjusted operating margins from the fourth quarter
levels.

As Terrence mentioned, we are still dealing with low visibility, and it is difficult to predict the shape and
slope of the recovery in different end markets and geographies as the world continues to deal with COVID.
We do want to share some of our key market assumptions as we plan the business. We expect global
auto production to be approximately 21 million units in the first quarter, up sequentially from Q4, but still
below prior year levels. Due to the December quarter being the strongest production level of the year in
China, we are expecting Q1 to be the high point of global auto production for our fiscal year. We continue
to expect strong content growth of 4% to 6%, enabling us to continue outperforming the auto market.

In industrial, we continue to expect commercial aerospace market to stay weak, declining over 20% for
the second consecutive year. And we do -- but we do expect our medical business to improve as we move
through the year.

In communications, we expect continued increases in cloud provider spending, driven by the growth in
online activities and our data and device business plays directly into this favorable trend.

So I've already summarized some of our financial assumptions for the fiscal year on this slide, but they
are there for easy reference for you.
So now let's open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Heath, I was wondering if you could clarify some of the moving pieces on transport margins. Your
transport revenues were almost flat on a year-on-year basis, but you had big negative leverage. How
much of that was the inventory issue that you were addressing earlier? And can you clarify what the
inventory levels are now? And if there's going to be any residual impact to margins in fiscal 1Q? And
just as a point of clarification on the comment on reaching the high point of production in the December
quarter. I don't think you're suggesting that also implies peak EPS in fiscal 1Q, but I was just hoping you
could clarify that as well?

Heath A. Mitts
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Wamsi and let me try to tackle those here. Certainly, that inventory reduction, more than 2/3 of
it or so from the total was in transportation, and that was really the driver of our transportation margins
being close to the 13% level. So we would expect, as we move forward, inventory is now in the right
place in terms of what we need to see moving forward. And I would expect the Q1 numbers to tick up
significantly at the transportation level. And as Terrence noted earlier, that will flow through nicely to the
overall performance for margins in our first quarter.

In terms of the comments around the Q1, we're trying to highlight that the 21 million vehicle auto
production number in Q1, we anticipate that 21 million to be the high point in the year. That does not
mean that, that's going to be necessarily the high point of TE's revenue or EPS for the year, okay? And
we've got other businesses in the portfolio and some do have some seasonality element to it, in addition
to some of the medical recovery that we would anticipate more in the second half of our fiscal year. And
obviously, we're actively engaged in a lot of cost reductions. We've got pretty significant heavy lifting this
year with some plants coming offline. The timing of those will be staggered throughout the year. But as
you can imagine, as the year progresses, certainly, we start to benefit more and more from exiting those
costs. So hopefully, that clarifies your question.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with Evercore.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I was hoping, Terrence, maybe you could talk a little bit about content growth and how do you see that
stacking up in fiscal '21, especially on the EV market in a scenario where there are more type of fuel
efficiency and emission standard requirements, especially in the U.S. What could that do to that content
growth number that you guys have in fiscal '21?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Yes. Certainly. And I don't -- I think 2020 clearly solidified where we sort of say 4% to 6%. There is an
element of where does the consumer go to buy as well as the government programs helping. One of the
things that have been very nice, and I mentioned in the comments, is you see EV production and car sales
really increase last year, double-digit in what's a really tough economy. And it was more in Europe than
it actually was where it's been in Asia. And we still view that Asia and Europe will be the leading areas
where you get adoption. Like we've always said, is you do typically mean where you need -- where EVs

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

are still less penetrated, you do need some government health to basically make sure as that scales. And
the U.S. is still an area that is less penetrated than the others and have less regulation. So anything that
helps EV penetration and increased penetration helps our growth. And a chunk of our content is driven by
the EV growth this past year being in the double digits and we're bullish on EV. And certainly, we've been
investing to make sure we help scale that architecture globally. And what's nice is it looks like the bigger
adoption is going to be in Europe and Asia, which is our strongest market positions.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs.

Sujal Shah
Vice President of Investor Relations

Hello, Mark. Are you on? All right. It looks like we're having an issue. Could we go to the next question,
please? We'll come back to Mark.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.

Craig Matthew Hettenbach
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

A question for Terrence. If I look at your December quarter, it looks a bit above typical seasonality. I know
this is a very unusual year in terms of what's played out up to date. But just curious to get your context
in terms of what you're seeing for December versus what you typically see and any puts and takes by the
end markets there?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Yes. Let me spend a little time on it. And the first thing I would say is, and Heath talked about it, so that
we're all aligned, auto production typically in the December quarter is the strongest quarter of the year,
global auto production. And that's really driven by China being the largest car producing country in the
planet. And as they've taken that position, the December quarter is typically the strongest in China. And
that's why we believe the first quarter can be probably the strongest for the year. But as we look across
the portfolio, you take areas like industrial transportation, there are areas that have been hit hard by
COVID. We did see sequential improvement. We did benefit from China strength, but our global position
is also driving great content in places like India and Europe that we think can be a growth driver as we
go into next year, even though China may have some market anniversarying. That becomes a little bit
tougher.

In the industrial markets, Craig, comm air, we do expect. We are in the middle of a bottoming process
there. We do think that will be a little bit negative as we go into the early part of '21. But we do get
excited that the medical business is going to be rebounding back here as elective procedures pick up. And
in communications, we talk a lot about our performance this past year. And I think we're going to continue
to benefit from -- as our global appliance position, that -- you saw the benefit in revenue as we go into
next year and that recovers and certainly rebounds as well as where we've done things secularly in our
D&D business, which has been a lot of hard work and we repositioned that. So I do think it's a little bit
different than normal seasonality. Seasonality is tough to sort of think about in this environment when our
customers are telling us visibility is short. But it's nice to see the recovery coming back a little bit faster
than we thought in auto. And we're trying to stay close to our customers or how do we help them as we're
all dealing with an environment where visibility is light.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Harrison with Loop Capital.

Shawn Matthew Harrison

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

My congrats on the strong finish to 2020. I wanted to just dig a little bit deeper into margins on a twofold
aspect. Number one, do you expect transportation EBIT margins to be back to the year ago level now
adjusted for the inventory that came out? And second, how do we think of kind of incremental margins,
either across transportation as well as industrial from here knowing that we've had a couple of years of
restructuring in hand?

Heath A. Mitts
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Shawn. This is Heath. I think you can -- as we look into FY '21, and obviously, we're only
guiding this first quarter. We feel pretty confident in our ability to get back to prior year levels in terms
of margins for transportation, for sure. In terms of the incrementals, I think it's fair to say at the TE level
that thinking about a 30% or 35% flow-through is a fair way to think about it. And that pretty much is
consistent down through the segments. Now we used to say kind of 25% to 30%, if you recall, in some of
the activities that we've undertaken are allowing us to step up some of that commentary a little bit. So I
feel pretty good about that.

Now keep in mind that some of the heavy lifting that we're doing on restructuring in some of these plants,
if they were -- if these plants are easy to take offline, we would have done that a long time ago. So they
are, in many cases, from the time that we announce and take a charge, it can take 12 to 15 months to
completely get them offline and exit the costs from those. So we're active. We've seen plants come offline
in FY '20. And then in FY '21, we'll see another surge of that. So we're really probably talking FY '22 and
so forth before you start to see the more significant step-up incrementally from here. But certainly, at the
TS level, we expect margins to improve dramatically in our fiscal first quarter.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of David Kelley with Jefferies.

David Lee Kelley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Just wanted to get a feel for some of the opportunities that are front of mind for TE into the new year, with
hopefully some continued grant towards normalcy. So could you talk about some of the biggest strategy,
the opportunities out there that you see on the horizon, things like whether it's ramping electrification in
autos, return to M&A or kind of broad electronification as a content driver?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Sure. Thanks, David. And let me take that. First of all, it is nice to see the world still in recovery mode,
certainly with the uncertainty that's around us due to COVID. But probably the first thing that we're
excited about is not only how the portfolio is sort of playing out like we expected in the cycle because it
will be impacted by auto cycles due to our great position there, but I would also tell you that dealing with
what we've dealt with in 2020 that we do have a clean portfolio versus what we've had in other cycles,
I think came true. And honestly, it allows us to play offense around where we make our investments
organically as well as if we do want to bring bolt-ons in. And from that viewpoint, I think that's the #1
thing that's nice going through the cycle versus others.

I think we gave you some examples about the content. The #1 content driver for TE is around automotive.
It is around electrification. It's also the element, also around data in the car. And that's why we get excited
with the 600 basis points we showed last year of outperformance. And we are confident with the wins we
have that type of level in our 4% to 6% that we've told you about above production as global production
continues to heal. And let's face it, we're still well off, the 90-plus million units of cars produced a few
years ago. The other thing that I would tell you is during this downturn, it's given us an opportunity in
many ways to really make sure we get closer to our customers. They need to make sure they have the
partners with them that are going to be there long term. And I do believe our manufacturing strategy

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

that we've been investing in, which includes the cost actions that Heath talked about, has really been
an element of how do we get and continue to move our global manufacturing to be local for local. And
it's been a journey. We have a lot of work to do on that. It provides cost, but it also provides service
elements. And it does come back to why we feel good that we didn't enter this flat-footed. We understand
that we have margin opportunity in transportation and industrial. We've been talking about that. And how
do we couple that with the content opportunities, not only in automotive, but in medical and also what
we've done in cloud are things that we get really excited about and we have the engineering wins that
support that. So as we're all dealing with an uncertain environment, that we have to navigate through and
adjust to, but we also have to accept the reality of the opportunities as well as where some markets like
comm air, we have to adjust to the reality of that market won't be what it was. And they're the things I
think will drive both growth levers from here, but also margin levers. And our capital structure and free
cash flow generation allows us to make sure we can be focused on improving the business and growing
the business.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Deepa Raghavan with Wells Fargo Securities.

Deepa Bhargavi Narasimhapuram Raghavan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I have a margin question, too. Q1, year-on-year, how do you think about industrial margins in Q1? I'm
assuming we won't see the inventory impact repeat in Q1. So would that grow margins year-on-year
in Q1? Also, your leverage in autos should be pretty nice in Q1, just given that auto production, peak
volumes, 21 million. But what kind of margin levers do you have post-Q1? And should we expect that
margins in TS can grow rest of the year also? I mean, clearly, you've under-earned because of COVID
situation in 2021.

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Well, thanks, Deepa, that's -- there's a lot packed into that questions. So let me get at it. The industrial
margins, I think the prudent viewpoint on that is that they'll kind of move -- they'll be consistent in Q1
with what you saw in our fiscal fourth quarter that we just completed, albeit on lower revenue, which was
expected and there is some seasonality as we move generally through the year within industrial. So I
think we're holding our own there in terms of the journey within the industrial margin structure. But from
a Q4 to Q1, I think you should expect those to be roughly flat on lower revenue.

Obviously, your question around auto and then more broadly, TS, the impact that it has. You are correct. I
mean we do have some good leverage there. In terms of our Q1 performance, I think we've talked about
a few different times here on the call in terms of seeing significant sequential improvement in that. And
then as we move throughout the year, the auto was obviously -- gained the benefit of the content, we've
seen those -- that activity continue to be strong, but it kind of gets down a little bit to what you think
auto production is going to do in the subsequent quarters. That's one element of it. And then obviously,
as we layer in some of the restructuring activities, we have several plants that will be coming offline, but
you'll see those more impacted late in FY '21 and more pointedly in FY '22. So there are some pieces
there, but we feel very good about the actions we've taken to date and what that allows us to do on the
incrementals moving forward. And again, we've kind of stepped up our dialogue there from, I'll say, pre-
COVID activities in terms of what we think the incrementals could look like.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I just wanted to hit the EV content story in a different way and see if I can get some more color here.
Particularly when I'm -- you reiterated today, the 4% to 6% content growth in automotive as well as the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

20% margin outlook longer term. Why shouldn't I be thinking of, as the EV content story kind of plays out,
there being upside pressure on both of those long-term targets, be it content outperformance or be it 20%
margin. If kind of what we're seeing in terms of road map acceleration on EVs does play out?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

I think the key that you have is we do have to remember we are on every core today. And certainly, when
we think about the 4% to 6%, EV is probably 200 to 300 basis points of that. So when you look at that,
when we think about it, it's across our whole portfolio. So we continue to see very strong growth in EV,
in high-powered products, but you also have to realize what percentages of global auto production. So I
think you will have years and if EV goes quicker and in adoption, you would have us closer to the higher
end of our 4% to 6% range, but certainly, adoption will be important.

The other thing I would just say to the margin element, like anything, EV products are things we have
to scale. And from that viewpoint, how they scale and how we get volume leverage is going to be very
important of whether there would be margin upside potential to our target margins.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs.

Mark Trevor Delaney
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Apologies for the connection issues I was having before. I was hoping to seek more on the electric vehicle
opportunity. And I think the content is about double in an EV for TEL compared to a traditional car. Now
that you're seeing a number of EV start-ups come to market, are you seeing a similar type of content
opportunity with some of those customers? And then maybe also just talk about any differences on
margins and end market share. I mean, as this is an evolving landscape, I mean there'd potentially be
the opportunity to do more of a solution sale with new entrants into the industry, but also perhaps they're
also looking to bring in nontraditional suppliers. So any kind of comments around not only the content
opportunity, but also margins and market share?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Yes, sure, Mark. And it's a question we get a lot and I'll try to frame it here. In many ways, it comes into
not only where we innovate with them, it comes into their strategy about how do they want to make
the car. In some cases, we've shared examples where we have $500, $600 on an EV product. It's where
they're looking to others to do the assembly and more of the manufacturing form. We have ones that have
$200, where we're playing much more like our traditional component players. So I think as that space
evolves, I think that's why you see the wide variation. But even on the component side, the component
side is where we get and we typically stick to the 2x, the opportunity. We also, when you come into
margin, you have to say, where do we bring value and where do we bring our engineering. We are not a
contract manufacturer. We do not view ourselves as a Tier 1. So that's not been part of our strategy. So
that's why we typically tell you 2x. But I would tell you, the opportunity is not just with new start ups. It's
also the strategies of every one of the OEMs as they come up and figure out how they want to assemble
the vehicles versus traditional. And in some cases, we do more in other places we play our component
role. And either way, it creates opportunity for us that drives the content. And what's really great is
because we know the architecture so well and there is existing architecture that goes into electric vehicle,
that we get content, not just the high-powered products. That's why we get such content opportunity over
the combustion engine as well as the electrical powertrain.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Matt Sheerin with Stifel.

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Yes. Terrence, another question on the auto market. You talked about Q1 being a peak largely because of
China seasonality. Do you have any thoughts on what the production number looks like for your FY '21?
And how you see North America and Europe playing out in terms of their catch-up on production and then
also sell-through there?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

As we look at, Matt, and I know I said it, visibility is limited. And what I'd like to keep it to is probably
the latter part of your question on sell-through. And we talked about in other calls. The element is it's
good to see production recovering, but the real proof in the pudding is, are people buying cars? And what
has been nice if you go in Asia and as that ramps, we had concerns of what was pent-up demand versus
ongoing sell-through. And China, as you've seen from the figures, has stayed pretty consistent with the
sell-through and the inventory levels in China are at very normalized levels.

In North America, certainly, production is ramping. We also see that the demand is nice and inventory
levels are at a comfortable spot. The one area where I would say inventory is still elevated is Europe.
Some of that, we've also told you is relates to -- with the regulatory changes there between EV and
combustion engines, I do think the consumer has been a little bit more cautious on vehicle purchases. So
that's the one area that we continue to look at to say, "Hey, we'd like to see inventories work down, we'd
like the structures and some of the incentive programs governments have put into place to really do cash
for Concur type programs and incent EVs, but we still need to see inventories come down in Europe."

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Chris Snyder with UBS.

Christopher M. Snyder
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So the company's capital intensity has picked up over the last couple of years, which I assume is largely
driven by the scaling of EV capacity. But should CapEx intensity come down as we kind of look out the
next couple of years just as this build-out winds down? And then what does this level of investment mean
for competitive positioning within the EV market, as it seems like smaller competitors will have trouble
matching this level of investment? And could that transition further add to the moat around the business?

Heath A. Mitts
Executive VP & CFO

Well, thanks, Chris. We did heighten up our -- tick up our CapEx investments. If you go back a couple
of years ago, we were running -- we're up north of $900 million. I think you've seen that number
certainly come down over the past couple of years. And I would say our viewpoint as we look at FY '21 is
consistent. You should probably think about somewhere around that 5% of revenue in terms of our CapEx
intensity, certainly no more than that.

One of the things we do benefit from is as we were increasing our capacity, and that's both to support
the traditional combustion engine customers, but it was heavier weighted towards some of the EV fit
up in our factories. Certainly, we're able to now utilize that. That was done under the assumption of
significantly higher auto production than what we saw in FY '20 and anticipate in FY '21. But we are
able to utilize some of that capacity as we bring some of these plants offline. We talked to you about
restructuring dollars to take some of these plants, primarily in Europe, offline. You don't hear us talking
about incremental CapEx on the receiving end of where that activity is going to go because that's
already in place. And you -- the second part of your question around does this differentiate us versus
others. I certainly think it does. I can't give you -- speak on behalf of other companies and what their
capital structures are in terms of some of the smaller players. But I can tell you that it is -- there is,
particularly on the front end, a fair amount of capital investment, both on the CapEx side as well as on
the engineering front to support these customers, particularly as Terrence noted, as it's an evolving area
in terms of what actually is going to be produced where and who's going to do what. And I think we're
very well positioned. And as you know, to make money in this business, it's all about scale, and it's about

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

having the ability to handle the customers' needs and be able to ramp production at full scale. And that's
what we're good at.

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Yes. Heath is exactly right. I mean it is important, while there are start-ups, you still have to get the price
points and where the consumer is there and scale is a big advantage. It is something that when you think
about scale, there's 2 elements of scale and our business model that, to your point, using your word,
moat, are very important. It is the element of how you deploy the engineering resources against where
those designs are happening. And then there's a back-end scale, a part of it is how do you make sure that
manufacturing, what you design, you bring scale in the automotive business, where the customer wants
the supply chain to be. The automotive business is still a just-in-time business. And it's very important
that the scale that you bring is where they're selling the vehicles. And in some cases, what starts as
maybe they think they're going to penetrate one part of the world. They want to -- may take off in another
part of the world, the platform. And how do you bring scale for continuity because it is still an industry
that wants to make sure it's quality and that element, and they also want to make sure they can get the
product to a cost point, their car, that somebody can afford. So it is the scale element as EV scales. I think
it's the biggest opportunity we have, and also one we signed up for, how do we make sure and we bring
scale to it.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of William Stein with Truist Securities.

William Stein
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

I'm wondering if you can remind us what the annual pricing negotiations in automotive look like. When
they occur? How pricing typically trends through these negotiations? And maybe how the current
negotiations, let's say, compare to what you think they do in a typical year. As I recall, during these times
and dislocations, there can be sort of unusual discussions around that topic?

Heath A. Mitts
Executive VP & CFO

Pricing across the portfolio is slight deflation. And auto is typically one that its annual discussions that are
based upon volume as well as opportunities. And those discussions typically happen late in the calendar
year, early in the following calendar year. So they will be upon us. Certainly, when you think about 2020,
there's a lot of volume commitments that weren't made as well as how we're ramping a lot of things. So
they are very strategic discussions we have with our customers, also come into -- how are we doing on
-- make sure where we invest engineering. And with where the world is, I don't see them being more
price deflationary than normal. I think it will be real active discussions that we have as we get in those
discussions with our customers.

William Stein
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

The reason I ask is I recall in the credit crisis, there was also an expectation that you'd see normal price
reductions, even though the customers were not meeting volume commitments. So that's sort of where
I was headed with that. Do you think we'll see normal deflation this year as we have in other years, even
though the volumes might not have been met in the prior year?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

I think we'll have some deflation because of the automotive market. I'm not sure it will be normal. And
then we have to get through those discussions with our customers.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Your next question is from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen.

Joseph Craig Giordano
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

One thing I just wanted to clarify first, Terrence, You mentioned inventory levels in Europe. Can you just
clarify, are you seeing customer demand, like market demand, satisfied out of customer inventory right
now? And then my main question is a little bit more high level. You see something like EM coming out with
a big new EV platform and plans to spend a lot of money. Can you just talk to me about how, like, that
relationship with a customer like that kind of evolves through their kind of planning phase? And how early
are you involved with something like that? And how would that be similar or different to like some of the
start-ups that Mark mentioned earlier?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

So you have a couple of questions there. So let me take the first one. What's been nice is car registrations
have improved in Europe. So when you sit there when I talk about inventory, it's really -- think of it as a
dealer lot. It was heavy coming in.

Certainly, COVID impacted it and we've talked to you about that. So what I would say is it's really making
sure that inventory looks at a more normalized level and sell-through and sell-out get more in line. So that
was really my comment around Europe.

When you think about a program, and it isn't just one car or one plant, it really starts at the platform
level. And those discussions happen as we're in the design element of the electrical architecture or the
data architecture. And in some cases, what occurs is they're taking product off a traditional platform that
they say, "Hey, it's good enough." That could be interconnect on a light. It doesn't change really between
a combustion engine and electrical vehicle and how they actually start working their platforms. And those
can take years depending upon where they get to the platform element. And once you're on the platform,
back-end spray, how they evolve the platform. And certainly, I think when you talk about EV, when you
have a start-up, they're basically starting with a model. Larger companies really have platforms and you
are seeing some of our larger customers come out with platforms. You see much more advertisement
around the world on it. In some cases, it's due to the regulations that they have to meet, but it's also
about where they see the market going. And I think it's pretty consistent with what we laid out. So is
it different than how we innovate today? No. But what I would tell you is the urgency and the pace on
those platforms have certainly kicked in much faster than the design cycles that you would have had on a
traditional evolutionary combustion engine. You do see how they're focused very much on EV. You see how
autonomy has taken a little bit of a step back during the downturn, that our customers are very focused
on the electric powertrain. And they're also seeing the opportunities of where they are in the world. So
you see people very much want to be penetrating China as well as the high-end areas, which some of the
vehicles that we talk a lot about are very high-end vehicles.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Steven Cox -- excuse me, Steven Fox with Fox Advisors.

Steven Bryant Fox
Fox Advisors LLC

Terrence, you talked a lot about the EV side. I was wondering if you could just sort of focus on the legacy
CO2 side of the business, since it's still so big. Where would you be getting the content growth from there?
I assume there is still some content growth. And then just specifically with CO2, how do you manage it as
your customers seem to be dramatically increasing their emphasis on the other side of the business?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Well, it's really 2 factors. You still have electrification that happens on a combustion engine. When you
look at TE and you think about TE, other than on the engine, other than where you get into the ECU

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

element, powertrain is not as big of a content element for us as other things, so -- like you have on an EV
platform. So where we get content is continued comfort features. Certainly, the data architecture that's
being built into a car as you move up the levels, it's going to happen in both, a CO2 engine as well as
an electric vehicle. So that element that comes into the data architecture continues to evolve. Certainly,
the sensing you have around safety and the features that we all rely on. So while the development of
combustion engines aren't as strong as they used to be because people are going to EV, the other features
we're getting in the car that do provide -- let me talk to you about when we had done some of our analyst
days, 200 or 300 basis points of content above production in a core engine is still occurring. And those
programs or as the data architecture puts in, comfort features get added as well as just the whole ECU
network evolves, we typically see more contacts being added on a car than less. And the only other thing
I would say on the combustion engine is we also see our customers leaning on us more on that legacy
electrical architecture because they want their engineers working on, figuring out the electrical platforms.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citigroup.

James Dickey Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

If we could take the opportunity maybe to clarify before there's any confusion about the peaking in the
December quarter. My memory is that auto production typically generally -- always peaks in December,
but people are going to be concerned that it's going to be your peak earnings per share. And I think Heath
mentioned that, that's not necessarily the case, but it sounds like there may be some hedging around
that. I know you're not giving the full year guidance, but can you just kind of help us think about that
because I can sense a lot of people are actually thinking that it's the peak of your earnings per share and
a story on that. So if you could maybe walk us through that a little bit?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Yes, Jim, thanks. And you said it right. 21 million units in the December quarter, I think, for the past 5
years has been the peak production globally. So when we look at the 21 million we expect in the first
quarter, we do expect that to be the high point, but that doesn't mean it's the high point for EPS, Jim.
That's just our auto production estimate. And it's a high point as we look into '21. So like I said during the
call, we still think a gradual recovery in our markets is the right way to look at this. Certainly, we'd like
that the recovery in auto production is quicker than we expected, and I think like most people expected,
but we do also have to realize that the first quarter is typically the high point of auto production in the
year due to the effect of China and how China is the largest car producing country on the planet.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Spak with RBC Capital Markets.

Garrett Klumpar
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

This is actually Garrett Klumpar on for Joe. I guess just continuing on the electrification, maybe shifting
gears to commercial transportation. I mean, I think historically, you've talked about commercial
transportation, CPV growth being a little bit below the 4% to 6% you kind of experience and target in
auto. But maybe just update us on kind of where we are on that journey in terms of maybe commercial
transportation outgrowth getting closer to the 4% to 6% in auto? What the prospects are for next year,
given we're seeing more kind of electric commercial transportation programs come to market? And then
kind of what your conversations with customers have been recently around broader electrification within
commercial transportation?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

When you look at commercial transportation, it is a very broad market. So you're dealing with agriculture,
you're dealing with the construction vehicles. Certainly, you're dealing with truck and bus. And when
you look at electrification, you do see it much more on the short-haul delivery. Certainly, you see people
on some longer haul experimentation. But at the overall market, when you deal with electrification, the
impact won't be as broad as you have in the auto space. That being said, we do see a lot of content, and
it's both electrification as well as data autonomy because the features you have in the truck and bus space
does have more data uses because you get into fleet management, how they think about their business
models. And what's been nice over the years is what our ICT business, which historically would have been
probably moving much more with underlying production. We have -- due to EV as well as data, have
created content separation. And I think you've seen that this year. We also expect, as you get some of the
things that are happening globally. China, we do expect to be a little bit of a headwind, but we do expect
other parts of the world to be able to make up for that partly, plus our content is really going to be due
to the content opportunity in ICT. I do -- we still do believe it's below the 4% to 6% in the car, but it is
something that's going to be a big content driver for that business.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Luke Junk with Baird.

Luke L. Junk
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Just hoping you could comment on medical-related puts and takes as we go through another rise in COVID
cases. What factors need to align to get this business back on a growth trajectory as you've outlined?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Yes, when you look at it, realize where we've pointed our business has been very much around
interventional procedures. And if you look at our customers, they've been impacted around it, and they've
also -- are working off inventory. So when we look there, we still see the procedures that we're very much
around being down. We have seen recovery. We would probably say the recovery plus as they work off
inventory, you're probably looking more at the latter half of our '21 based upon what we know today, but
that could be impacted based upon COVID or any other market developments. But I think we're probably
in the middle of it as we speak.

Operator

Your last question comes from the line of Nik Todorov with Longbow Research.

Nikolay Todorov
Longbow Research LLC

You guys talked about the December quarter out of production peaking at 21 million. I know visibility is
limited, but I'm guessing how are you thinking about the low point of auto production into the next fiscal
year? Could we get down to 17 million, 18 million vehicles a quarter? I'm just trying to understand how
you're thinking about probabilities. And then can you give us just a breakdown of production and growth
year-over-year into the December quarter by geography?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Well, we aren't guiding for the year. And I guess on the first point, I'd ask you to look at third-party
resources. On your first part of your question, when we look at the first quarter, though, where we are
guiding, there is element that even in the first quarter, at the 21 million units, that will still be down year-
on-year versus around 22 million units last year. We see every geography still being down year-on-year,
but certainly at a lower rate than we've been experiencing. So as you look through the geographies, even
though China continues to go up to its first quarter, we do expect China production to be down year-over-
year. And we also expect the other regions of the world. I do think it's important to realize, we like this
recovery, but we still -- some of the reasons we highlight where we're at is we're still below where we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

were at in 2019. And what we're very focused on is how do we make sure we adjust to the world, not only
in auto and elsewhere, so the world that's post-COVID, that we're still trying to figure out. So still, it's
nice to see the sequential recovery up to the 21 million units versus where we were 2 quarters ago at 12
million. And we'll continue to keep you updated as we go through the year, and we still expect a gradual
recovery.

Sujal Shah
Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay. Thank you. It looks like there's no further questions. So I want to thank everybody for joining us
on call this morning. If you have additional questions, please contact Investor Relations at TE. Thank you,
and have a nice morning.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, your conference will be available for a replay beginning at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time
today, October 28, 2020, on the Investor Relations portion of TE Connectivity's website. That will conclude
your conference call for today.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

