TE Connectivity Ltd. NYSE:TEL
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 29, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

0.41

0.59

43.90

0.82

-

3.76

4.91

Revenue  (mm)

2398.21

2548.00

6.25

2861.44

2802.80

11606.29

12742.77

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-29-2020 1:21 PM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.31

1.14

0.99

0.41

1.33

1.21

1.29

0.59

1.53 %

6.14 %

30.30 %

43.90 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Heath A. Mitts
Executive VP & CFO

Sujal Shah
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Nikolay Todorov
Longbow Research LLC

Craig Matthew Hettenbach
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David Lee Kelley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Deepa Bhargavi
Narasimhapuram Raghavan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Shawn Matthew Harrison
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research
Division

Steven Bryant Fox
Fox Advisors LLC

Jim Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Joseph Craig Giordano
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Joseph Robert Spak
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Mark Trevor Delaney
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TE Connectivity Third Quarter
Earnings Call for Fiscal Year 2020. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Sujal Shah.
Please go ahead.

Sujal Shah
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss TE Connectivity's Third Quarter
2020 Results.

With me today are Chief Executive Officer, Terrence Curtin; and Chief Financial Officer, Heath Mitts.

During this call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information, and we ask you to review the
forward-looking cautionary statements included in today's press release. In addition, we will use certain
non-GAAP measures in our discussion this morning, and we ask you to review the sections of our press
release and the accompanying slide presentation that address the use of these items.

The press release and related tables, along with the slide presentation, can be found on the Investor
Relations portion of our website at te.com. Due to the large number of participants on the Q&A portion of
today's call, we're asking everyone to limit themselves to 1 question to make sure we can give everyone
an opportunity to ask questions during the allotted time. We're willing to take follow-up questions but ask
that you rejoin the queue if you have a second question.

Now let me turn the call over to Terrence for opening comments.

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Thank you, Sujal, and also thank you, everyone, for joining us today to cover our third quarter results as
well as our expectations as we look forward.

Before we get into the results of the quarter and the slides, I do want to take a moment to provide
our perspective of what is the same and also what is different from the time we spoke just on our last
earnings call 90 days ago. So let me first start off with what is the same. First, we do continue to be in a
challenging market environment that is influenced by COVID, and we continue to prioritize the safety of
our employees, while also focusing on meeting the needs of our customers while they are also navigating
this environment.

I think the second key thing that is the same is that our balance sheet and liquidity were strong coming
into the COVID downturn, and it remains strong. We have a strong cash-generative business model with
flexibility to use our cash for investing, for growth opportunities and improving our cost structure while
continuing to return capital to our owners.

Another key point that is the same is that we continue to execute on our cost reduction and footprint
consolidation plans. These plans will enable higher earnings leverage as we capitalize on content
opportunities as the markets return to growth. And the last thing that we spoke about last call, that is
the same, is that our manufacturing resilience was a differentiator last quarter, and you're seeing it again
this quarter. It is enabling us to serve our customers through this volatile environment and our strong
operations capability continues to set TE apart from other suppliers that we believe will enable share gain
opportunities during this time.

So with that being a backdrop of what's the same, now let me highlight some of the key differences versus
90 days ago that both Heath and I will cover during today's discussion.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Last time when we spoke in April, orders were declining. And during that time, our customers were
shutting down manufacturing plants in Europe and North America due to COVID, with the biggest impact
being in our market-leading automotive business. We have now seen China return to essentially pre-
COVID levels, and we continue to see improving order trends in both North America and Europe after the
April low point.

Another key difference is that in our third quarter, we were looking at strong sequential sales declines
and margin and EPS compression when we spoke. I'm happy to say that our quarter 3 results came in
better than we expected. And in the fourth quarter, we are now expecting sequential sales growth as our
auto customers are ramping production along with not only sales increase, we're going to continue to see
expansion in margins and earnings per share sequentially. And we do believe that our third quarter was a
-- the low point for our revenue and earnings.

To continue to build on auto, another key difference is that auto production was declining to a low point of
12 million vehicles that were produced in our third fiscal quarter. We are now expecting a 40% increase
in auto production sequentially into September, and we're pleased that dealer inventories remain at
appropriate levels that support that production.

And the last key difference, I would say, versus last quarter, is, while we were being impacted by market
volatility in our transportation segment, our industrial and communications segments performed well in
light of market conditions last quarter, and we expect sequential sales to be stable into our fourth quarter
for those 2 segments on a combined basis. So I do hope that just starting off by sharing what's the same
and what's different from 90 days ago will help frame our discussion today.

One final thing I'd like to cover before we get into the slides is, also, how our employees and teams have
completely leaned in and aligned with TE's purpose of creating a safer, more sustainable, productive
and connected world during this crisis. Our teams have been focused on working with our customers
to increase production of key elements like for respirators and ventilators, where our products are key
building blocks in their architecture.

And another thing that I'm very proud of, and it was an employee-led effort is that we've utilized our 3D
printing and molding expertise to supply face shields for health care workers around the world. And I'm
pleased to tell you that we now have produced and donated over 120,000 face shields for frontline health
care workers and hospitals around the world. I would tell you, these are just a few examples of what our
teams have done, but it also gives me confidence in our focus as well as the opportunities of what we're
capable as we come out of this crisis.

Overall, we are pleased with our performance considering this challenging, in many ways, unprecedented
environment. We are also expecting that the recovery will be gradual, more like an endurance race
than a sprint. But I will tell you, we remain excited about our content and growth opportunities that we
positioned TE around.

So with that lead-in, let's jump into slides. And if you jump to Slide 3, let me get into the numbers for
quarter 3 as well as how we're thinking about quarter 4.

For the third quarter, sales of $2.5 billion were better than our expectations. They were down 20%
sequentially and versus our expectations where we thought they would be down 25%. Excluding auto, our
sequential sales declined 4%, showing the performance of our industrial and communications segment,
which delivered results in line with our expectations in a challenging market.

Transportation sales were down 32% sequentially, better than we anticipated across each of our
businesses in the segment. And really, the supply chain corrections we thought our customers were less
than we expected in the quarter.

In the industrial segment, sales were down 10% sequentially, with much of the weakness driven by
commercial aerospace. While in the communications segment, our sales were up 14% sequentially, driven
by strength, related to cloud applications.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

From an earnings perspective, adjusted operating margins were 9.4%. And I am pleased, even with the
concentrated drop in our auto sales, in our transportation segment, we were able to manage the earnings
fall down on sales and achieve the adjusted OI we reported. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.59. This
was ahead of our expectations due to the management of our operations on lower sales.

In the third quarter, our free cash flow was $280 million, with approximately $240 million being returned
to shareholders in the quarter, including approximately $160 million in dividends. Year-to-date, free cash
flow was approximately $830 million, and we continue to expect to exceed $1 billion of free cash flow for
2020.

As we look to the fourth quarter, we do expect fourth quarter sales to be up sequentially by approximately
10% from the third quarter, with sales growth driven by the transportation segment as our customers
increase auto production. We expect our industrial and communications segments to be essentially flat
sequentially in the fourth quarter on a combined basis.

We also continue to expect to improve our earnings power by continuing to execute the footprint
consolidation plans, while we've also accelerated additional cost reductions considering the weaker
demand environment that we're experiencing. Longer term, we remain committed to our margin
expansion plans and the expectations that we've shared with you. As we look beyond the current
environment, we are excited about how we positioned our portfolio to benefit from secular trends and I'll
highlight these as I go through the segment results.

So if you could, I'd appreciate if you could turn to Slide 4, and let's get into the order trends so we can
share what's on the slide and what we've seen as we've gone through the quarter as well as what we've
seen in July. For the third quarter, our orders were $2.4 billion and that was in line with what we expected.
We have seen continued monthly trends improve since the bottoming in April and April, really, with as our
customers shutdown, it was a very slow order month and we talked about it in our last call. When we look
at going into the fourth quarter, we are entering the fourth quarter with a stronger backlog position than
we normally have, and our July book-to-bill ratio came in at 1.05 and this supports our view of a 10%
sequential growth in the fourth quarter, which will be driven by our transportation segment.

I also want to add some color on what we're seeing in orders from a geographic perspective. We have
seen improvement in China back to pre-COVID levels, and while our orders contracted in both North
America and Europe across all segments during the quarter. We are encouraged that the monthly order
trends have been improving in those regions since the low point in April.

So I'd have asked that you turn to Slide 5, and let's get into our sales view for the fourth quarter and
how we're thinking about it. We are expecting sales to increase by approximately 10% sequentially into
our fourth quarter, primarily driven by a 40% sequential increase in auto production. We expect auto
production to go from roughly 12 million vehicles produced globally in the quarter 3 to nearly 17 million
vehicles produced in quarter 4. When you factor in our content per vehicle, this will drive approximately
$300 million of growth sequentially. While this is a sharp increase, I do want to highlight that auto
production is still well below the 21 million vehicles per quarter that we were planning our business around
being produced before COVID.

Beyond automotive, we do have some puts and takes, both on the positive and the negative side. And
we are expecting sequential growth in some of other businesses, but this is expected to be offset by
residual impact of supply chain correction by our auto and other customers. When we think about this
growth of 10% sequentially by segment, we are expecting approximately 20% sequential growth in
transportation, while in industrial we'll have slight growth, which will be offset by a modest sequential
decline in communications.

On this increased revenue, sequentially, we expect roughly 35% incremental adjusted operating margins
on the volume growth. Note that the incremental margins do reflect the impact of us working down
inventory in the quarter as we continue to drive free cash flow.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Now with that as a backdrop at the total company level, let me briefly discuss year-on-year segment
results in the quarter on Slide 7 through 9 along with some key drivers in each of the segments that we
expect will fuel future content and growth.

So in the transportation segment, sales were down 37% organically year-over-year with declines in
each of our business, as you can see on the slide. In Auto, sales were down 43% organically, which
was in line with global auto production declines. Even with the dynamic changes in the auto market due
to COVID, our content growth expectations are unchanged as evidenced by the fact that year-to-date
we are generating 600 basis points of content growth above production, which continues to enable our
outperformance versus a weaker production environment. The other thing I want to highlight is that while
the production of internal combustion vehicles will drop significantly this year, we do expect production of
hybrid and electric vehicles to be up approximately 12% in fiscal 2020, that gives us confidence around
where we're positioned ourselves around the electric powertrain and the investments we make.

And just to bring this to life a little bit on the electric vehicle, we continue to innovate with our customers
as they move to more sustainable vehicles by providing leading-edge technology and products to enable
and improve performance of both hybrid and full-electric platforms. In fact, we generated approximately
$6 billion in design wins for connectors and sensors in hybrid and electric vehicle platforms across every
leading OEM. More importantly, our customers' plans remain intact for EV and hybrid electric vehicles. And
there's even been some acceleration of road maps along these platforms, as OEMs respond to increased
demand and a more stringent regulatory environment in certain parts of the world.

And what we also get excited about is while we talk to you a lot about what's going on in the electrical
powertrain and cars, it's also important that we're taking this technology over to the commercial
transportation space as well. And a key example in how we're doing that there is the applications and our
work with Nikola. Nikola is using hydrogen electric technology and its next-generation trucks, and we have
partnered with them to enable these designs as we work with them on their architecture.

Our products are in various subsystems within the electrified powertrain of their trucks as well as also
the various infotainment and driver convenience systems that use high-speed data connectivity solutions.
And what's really important about this as we look forward is all these things come together in delivering
a Class 8, 0-emission truck with equal or better performance of a diesel truck and capable of a 750-mile
range. And I think it just proves that in these markets, we've had leadership and we're going to continue
to have clear leadership as we help solve next-generation electrical powertrains.

So with that on transportation, let me turn over to the industrial segment. In the industrial segment, our
sales declined 13% organically year-over-year and adjusted operating margins were approximately 13%
and certainly impacted by the lower volumes. Important that we feel good that we remain on track with
our long-term margin expansion plans to drive adjusted operating margins into the higher teens in this
segment.

During the quarter, commercial aerospace and industrial equipment performed as we expected. However,
we did see some declines in our medical business due to the delays in elective procedures caused by
COVID-19. We do believe this is a short-term dynamic in our medical business that is consistent with what
our customers are seeing, and we expect this market to return to strong growth as elective procedures
start to increase. And just to remind you, what we built in our medical space is a leading position around
interventional procedures. And we will come back to strong growth because this is a market that we
believe long term has high single-digit growth.

And we partnered with a leading device makers globally by enabling minimally invasive treatments for
heart valve replacement, stroke clot removal, brain aneurysm treatment and other critical procedures. And
to bring it to life, on average, 120 patients per minute are treated with medical devices that incorporate
our innovation. And we generated over $1 billion of design wins in this business, which will enable strong
growth over the long term.

Let me turn to communications and give a recap of that segment in the quarter. In this segment, we grew
4% organically year-over-year, and adjusted operating margins expanded to approximately 16%, that
was in line with the business model target of the mid-teens that we've been talking to you about. Data

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

and devices grew 13% organically year-over-year due to our strong position in high-speed solutions and
cloud applications. In this business, we continue to benefit from the increasing demand for bandwidth and
higher speeds in the data center.

Our products and technologies enable 800 gigabit per second performance, and with that, also the thermal
properties that are required in next-generation data center for world's leading cloud providers. Similar to
medical, in the past 3 years, we generated over $1 billion of new design wins in our cloud business, giving
us confidence around future growth.

So with that backdrop, both overall and with the segments, let me turn it over to Heath, who will get into
more details on the financials and our expectations going forward.

Heath A. Mitts
Executive VP & CFO

Well, thank you, Terrence, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 9, where I will provide more
details on the Q3 financials. Adjusted operating income was $240 million with an adjusted operating
margin of 9.4%. Adjusted EPS was $0.59. GAAP operating income was $134 million and included $98
million of restructuring and other charges and $8 million of acquisition charges. We expect restructuring
charges to be approximately $250 million for this fiscal year, similar to last year.

GAAP EPS was a loss of $0.18 for the quarter and included a noncash tax-related charge of $0.51
related to an increase of our valuation allowance for certain non-U.S. deferred tax assets. We also had
restructuring and acquisition and other charges of $0.25. The adjusted effective tax rate in Q3 was 15.9%.
For Q4, we expect a tax rate of approximately 19.5%. Importantly, we expect our tax rate to continue to
stay well below our reported ETR for the full year.

Turning to Slide 10. Sales of $2.5 billion were down 25% year-over-year on both the reported and organic
basis. Currency exchange rates negatively impacted sales by $35 million versus the prior year. Adjusted
operating margins were 9.4%. And as Terrence mentioned, I am pleased with our overall performance,
especially given the over 40% sales drop in our auto business in the quarter. We continue to execute
on footprint consolidation plans and pursue additional opportunities to drive cost reduction. We remain
committed to our margin expansion goals, and we expect volume growth, combined with our restructuring
plans to drive adjusted operating margins in transportation to 20%, industrial, into the high teens and
communications consistently in the mid-teens.

In the quarter, cash from continuing operations was $380 million. Free cash flow was $280 million for the
quarter and year-to-date free cash flow was $834 million. For this fiscal year, we expect free cash flow to
be above $1 billion. In the quarter, we returned $241 million to shareholders through dividends and share
repurchases. And just as we noted last quarter, we will continue to thoughtfully evaluate the buyback
program as we see market conditions evolve.

I now want to give you an update from an operational perspective. We are currently operating all of our
factories around the world. As Terrence mentioned, our manufacturing resiliency has enabled us to support
our customers' demand through a volatile supply chain environment. Our inventory position increased
in the quarter, which helped us meet customer commitments, but we do expect to reduce our inventory
levels going forward, normalizing to the demand environment.

Reinforcing our comments from last quarter, we are in a strong liquidity position with approximately $2
billion available and have a strong balance sheet. This allows us to maintain a balanced capital strategy,
returning capital to shareholders while continuing to invest to support our growth opportunities.

Now please turn to Slide 11 to summarize how we are thinking about the fourth quarter based on
everything we've discussed so far today. For Q4, we are expecting sales to grow approximately 10% from
Q3, with sequential improvement driven by auto. As we mentioned earlier, we are expecting approximately
35% fall through to adjusted operating income on that sequential volume growth.

In terms of market, we are expecting global auto production to increase from approximately 12 million
vehicles in our fiscal Q3 to approximately 17 million in our fiscal Q4. We believe this is supported by the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

production ramps of our customers along with the appropriate levels of dealer inventory in China and
North America. As we discussed throughout the call, our portfolio is well balanced to benefit from several
secular trends across our business, including content growth. While this will be a gradual recovery, as
Terrence noted earlier, we do expect revenue growth and margin and EPS expansion as demand returns.

So while the demand environment continues to be dynamic, we are pleased with our operations resiliency
as well as our ability to keep employees safe, while continuing to serve our customers during this
challenging time. We have a solid balance sheet, ample liquidity and solid free cash flow, which enables
us to maintain a balanced capital strategy, and we will continue to invest growth opportunities across our
business. I'm also very confident that this will enable us to emerge stronger and more profitable when
markets do return to growth.

So with that, Sujal, let's open it up for questions.

Sujal Shah
Vice President of Investor Relations
Sure. Jacqueline, could you please give the instructions for the Q&A session?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Your first question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America.

Wamsi Mohan
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Terrence, really impressive performance on the trough operating margins this cycle. For my question, I
was wondering if you could provide some additional color on the order cadence you're seeing? And any
early thoughts on how this recovery cadence compares to perhaps other auto downturns you've seen?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

No, thanks, Wamsi. So let me spend a little bit more time on orders and expand on what I said. So first
off, one of the things that I think has been unique about this downturn has been production was shut off
even when there was still demand, and that's very different than any other downturn. And our orders in
the quarter, and you can see on the order slide I went through, the $2.4 billion and even our book-to-bill
was very light in the quarter because of the sharp decline in orders we saw in April in the western world.
And we saw Asia and China orders, and China, they bounced back. In other markets like Japan and Korea,
they are still recovering but then go down as deep as certainly Europe and North America did.

So when you think about the shape that we've seen and what we're working with our customers
on, especially in transportation, you saw as they were thinking about ramping improvement in May,
improvement in June. And as we shared during the call, you had -- we have 1.05 book-to-bill in July.
And I think one of the keys when you think about a book-to-bill, there's a numerator and there is a
denominator, and the denominator is also strong. So it gives us the confidence around where we're telling
you we think sales are going to be, even though we continue to be in a very volatile environment. I think
when you think about -- and let's keep it to transportation first, how is production ramping? We do see
production getting back to 17 million units, which is pretty consistent with where production was in the
second quarter, but it's still below the 21 million units. So it's nice to see our customers ramp. If you take
places like North America and China, dealer inventories look in line because production was shut down so
abruptly and demand continued, albeit at a lower level.

So they are the things we're going to continue to be watching as we move forward. And what has been
nice outside of transportation, while there's puts and takes, like we covered, both Heath and I, while
there's strength in some markets, it's also offsetting some markets that are weak like comm air. And I
think that demonstrates how we've improved the portfolio over our time since the last crisis. So we are
encouraged by where the orders have been tracking to, but certainly, there's a continual environment
that's impacted by COVID that I think we do believe will continue to be a gradual recovery, as I said. I
don't think it will be bouncing back to 21 million vehicles immediately, but we have to see how the world
heals and how the economy heals.

Operator

Your next question comes from Amit Daryanani from Evercore.

Amit Jawaharlaz Daryanani
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Perfect. I guess I had one question on the incremental margins. And it's super early on the west coast.
I'm probably doing my math wrong, but it looks like you did about 43% decremental margins in the June
quarter. And the guide, I think, is implying about 35% incremental margins. I guess, Terrence or Heath,
maybe it would be helpful to understand why aren't we seeing the same magnitude of margin recovery

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

in the September quarter as we saw the downtick over here? Just some context on this would be really
helpful.

Heath A. Mitts
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Amit, this is Heath. Your math is correct on the decrementals in terms of the magnitude of the
sales drop in our fiscal third quarter. It was about $650 million. And clearly, the guidance, if you will, here,
in terms of our directional sequential move up 10%. And this implies something closer to $250 million
or so on the way back up sequentially. So part of it is just the magnitude of the revenue drop versus the
smaller initial rebound.

The other thing is -- and keep in mind, I mentioned in my prepared comments that we will be reducing
inventory in the quarter, and that does have some effect as we think about the flow-through math on how
that handles -- works through our absorption. So thank you for the question.

Operator

The next question comes from Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley.

Craig Matthew Hettenbach
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Question for Terrence. Just can you talk about the dollar content that you're seeing in designs for EVs
versus combustion? And then just more broadly, I know there's been a lot of supply chain disruptions,
but what are you seeing from a new design outside of EVs, just in automotive, are you seeing any sole
programs? Or are things kind of tracking as you'd expect from a new design perspective?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Thanks, Craig, for the question. So a couple of things. One of the things that is a real positive that we
talked about in the prepared comments was where our content is holding in. And let's face it, the content
holding are very strong, and we have the separation, and it is due to the progress in EV. And we're getting
the benefit of, while electric vehicles are up 12%, you're seeing that in the content and you see that year-
to-date.

When you -- and I think the story around content is still the same for us. It's going to be 4% to 6% over
time. We're proving it through the cycle, which I think is one of the things that I think we're going to prove
to you through a down cycle here that, that content story is real. And the other thing that I would share
with you is, how we thought about what that content opportunity is versus the combustion engine has
not changed. So when you think about full electric, due to not only the normal features you have as you
get the electrified powertrain and the other products we bring and the architecture we bring, we still view
that's 2x our traditional combustion engine, that's around $60-some. Hybrid electric is about 1.5x. So
when you look there, that's intact.

Now to the second part of your question about what do we see from customers. Our customers continue
full steam ahead on the electric programs, but they are making choices. And we do see around some
areas around autonomy that is being pushed out. So as they're making their choices, as they're selling
less cars, producing less cars and they have the pressures of COVID, but they are making choices. And
where you see the choices being made prioritized are very much on the electric powertrain, and we have
seen some slowdowns in some features and programs around autonomy. As you always know, electric
vehicles are a bigger content play for us that we shared with you than autonomy. Certainly, autonomy
will continue to be a content opportunity, it's just going to be longer at, and that's what we're seeing. And
we did have some program slippage just due to how our customers have to work with COVID and had to
delay some ramps, but that's just temporary. It's not impacting our content at all. So hopefully, that helps.

Operator

Your next question comes from Joe Giordano from Cowen.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Joseph Craig Giordano
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Just curious of that the content discussion here. As you talk about like a 40% increase in market
production in next quarter, how do you guys expect to compare to that? And just some of your
competitors when they're talking about the market over the next 3 and 6 months have been pretty
conservative versus third-party estimates and talking about summer shutdowns and some restocking in
China over the last months or few months that haven't been like directly related to production. So I'm just
curious how you think through that.

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Yes, sure, Joe. So let me maybe share a little bit about the production environment then we'll get into
-- because we do believe there is some supply chain work off by our customers. So we did say that we
think there's going to be 17 million vehicles made in the fourth quarter. And China is running about 4.5
million units. So it has come back. It's -- production is solid there. We still expect that in North America
and Western Europe, you're off a very deep trough. And I think the other key element to realize is, being a
global leader, we're strong in every market, which also includes Japan and Korea, not just North America,
Europe and China. And while the effect has not been as deep in Japan and Korea, auto production is still
off pre-COVID levels in Japan and Korea. So we see that being a gradual recovery back up.

So that's the production environment that we see, and that's really from talking to our customers and the
insights we have. When we think about sequential revenue, we do expect an increase, they are along with
our content in the production. But as I mentioned, there is about $100 million that we think needs to work
off by our customers. They ramp down hard and they ramp up hard. And from a supply chain, that is a
lot to happen perfectly. So as we think about our guide and as I said where are our expectations, there is
about $100 million that is primarily in automotive that we think needs to be worked off as they came back
into normalization. So hopefully, that answers your question.

Operator

Your next question comes from Shawn Harrison from Loop Capital.

Shawn Matthew Harrison
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

Terrence, you touched on kind of EV acceleration, but maybe you could speak on kind of what you're
seeing coming out of this maybe an acceleration of programs and other end markets or businesses or
things that just -- you've seen during COVID that have you excited? And also just the other side of that
kind of incremental margins on the upside as you get through this restructuring, are they going to be
better than kind of what we've seen or at least anticipating better than what we've seen over the past
couple of years as well?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Yes. Thanks, Shawn. And I think when you say, what do I get excited about post COVID, the first thing
will be that we're post COVID. So certainly, it's been a challenging environment that we're all living in.
The first one that I would say, and it's a little bit different than where we position TE and also the cost
actions that you highlight in your question is, one of the things that we are very excited about in this
time is opportunities to just score a share gain. During this time, our customers are making choices. They
have to make choices as they are dealing with the same reality we are. And during the last downturn, we
picked up share in some key markets. And I also believe this market is an opportunity for that. And I think
some of the things we talked about upfront, not only how we innovate, how we are proving them through
manufacturing. We're going to be there for them, no matter what market environment we're in, and also
the stability of TE from our capital structure that was pre COVID. So that's one thing we do get excited
about.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

The other thing I would tell you that we're excited about and it goes into some of your cost elements
and incremental margins is, we're excited we didn't hit this downturn being flatfooted. We talked to you
about the work we've had to do in transportation as we were planning around an $84 million global vehicle
environment that we had cost actions that we're starting. That will come in as we go forward. And let's
face it. We'll have to do further adjustments to whatever global auto production comes out to, and also
in industrial, where we were marching up. Certainly, we have to make some adjustments in some of the
areas around commercial aerospace due to the of that market, but I do feel that we didn't hit it flatfooted.
And our teams are embracing the reality of where markets have been impacted. We're making those
adjustments how we have to make, to really make sure we serve our customers and also our owners as
well.

The other thing I would say that we do get excited about and you see it in the results, which is very
different, where we position TE. We have a leading automotive business that we aren't going to apologize
for. The content opportunities, those around EV as well as the returns we get in that business are very
strong, and they have not changed the return profile. The other thing I would tell you is you see the
benefits of how this portfolio has changed. You see us talking about cloud, you see CES being at target
margins and the other opportunity that I highlighted in the script that I feel very good about.

So where is this portfolio in position? Yes, we're being impacted by COVID in our leading business, but
we don't feel we should apologize for it because it's a global business with a leading position that our
customers are going to need us more now. And we see opportunity in this time as we come out of it, and
we're going to be there for them. So I do appreciate asking that question, Shawn, to maybe get away
from the current a little bit, but I do appreciate the question.

Operator

Your next question comes from Steven Fox from Fox Advisors.

Steven Bryant Fox
Fox Advisors LLC

I was wondering if you could just maybe, following up on that last question, talk a little bit more about
your footprint from 2 aspects: one is your advantages versus, say, the other large sensor...

[Technical Difficulty]

like Molex, Amphenol, HIROSE, et cetera, since you highlighted that? And then secondly, Terrence and
Heath, just getting a sense for the endpoint on the industrial business or rather the manufacturing
footprint, how do we think about that given your prior comments? Do we -- relative to when auto
production comes back to prior levels and your content gains, how much more would there be to go?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Sure. So let me take the first part, and then I'll ask Heath to take the second part, Steve, and thanks
for the question. One of the things when you think about the footprint, and one of the things that's a
fragmented space, and you mentioned a couple of customers, it is very important, especially as people are
trying to think about where supply chain need to be post COVID, certainly post other things going on in
the world. And how we've continued over the past decade to make sure we are global, while also making
sure we're supporting regional supply chains. You all know we've done a lot of work and it's actually
served us extremely well in this time.

So as our customers are really working through, where do their supply chain going to be post COVID, and
certainly to their strategies, we continue to see our global deployment, which is balanced to our revenue
and also how we continue to make shifts to be something that is a differentiator. So in some cases, we
compete against companies that are very regional. Might be in only a single country and where we're able
to flex is very important. And I think we proved that during the tariff time. And certainly, we're continuing
to prove it during COVID, and I think you saw that in both last quarter and this quarter's results.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

As we go forward, we still view that that's the right strategy. That we're going to continue to make
sure we engineer where innovation is happening in the world. And where innovation occurs and where
manufacturing occurs is not always completely aligned based upon our customer strategy. So it is very
important in our business model that the innovation and our engineering nodes are where innovation
happens in the world. We have not seen where the innovation happens and the world change. Certainly,
there's been more discussion around how does the supply chain work. And we're going to continue to
involve to make sure we service our customers as they see where they want to innovate and make, and
that will continually evolve. Supply chains don't change in a day. And I really like how we're positioned and
how we service our customers, especially in this dynamic time. So that's the first half. Heath, do you want
to take the second half around industrial?

Heath A. Mitts
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And Steve, I appreciate the question. The industrial footprint, we talked about really going back to a
couple, 3 years ago in terms of that journey that we're on. And the number of facilities, where they are
and everything, that is unchanged. We are executing along that plan. I will say that we're still a couple of
years away, and partly it is because of some of the COVID-driven slowdown, particularly in the commercial
aerospace, where we're not expecting a recovery anytime soon. And that does allow us opportunity to
continue to streamline that footprint. So we're still a couple of years away, but you'll see incremental
improvements along the way, like I believe you already have.

So I think the next couple of years are going to continue to be very busy, both on the transportation side
and on the industrial side, with some of the activity that's underway.

Operator

Your next question comes from Mark Delaney from Goldman Sachs.

Mark Trevor Delaney
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I was hoping to better understand the thought process about reducing the company's inventory this
current quarter. And maybe you can frame it relative to the bookings that are improving. And also, with
the footprint consolidation, I think the company would need to carry some extra inventory to enable the
footprint consolidation. So if you can balance some of those facts with the decision to reduce the inventory
and provide some more clarity on that, it would be helpful.

Heath A. Mitts
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Mark, I'll take that question. This is Heath. We made a conscious decision in certain parts of the
business when things really started getting, I won't say choppy or dynamic here back in the spring, that
our customers, which are always front and center in our inventory discussions, they were still working
through exactly what their production plans look like. Some were thinking a shorter-term shutdown,
which then evolved to longer-term shutdown, some were moving production in different places. And it
was obviously an opportunity for us to make sure we were there with them. And we made the conscious
decision to hold a bit more inventory in different parts of the world and different end markets to make
sure we were there.

Now as we see a little bit more stability in the order pattern and a little bit more consistency, week-to-
week, it does avail an opportunity for us to, I'll say, more normalized. Now you're absolutely right. There
are some buffer builds associated with factory moves, but some of that was underway here, not just
starting here in those past quarters, some of that has been underway for a while. So that's already built
into our assumption set. And we'll continue to manage it along the lines of what we see out there with
demand patterns, but I see an opportunity in the quarter to reduce it, and we'll execute on that. But if
we need to make decisions otherwise as the quarter progresses, we will. But it's all tied to how we think
about the customers' order pattern and the confidence that we can have coming from their moves.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Operator

Your next question comes from David Kelley from Jefferies.

David Lee Kelley
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Just hoping you could remind us of your typical sequential flow-through in a growth macro. And maybe
given your cost actions over the last 3 years, how are you thinking about potential leverage post inventory
work down. And we were curious, particularly if we see a gradual market recovery through '21. How you
are thinking about sequential flow-through here?

Heath A. Mitts
Executive VP & CFO

Well, I mean, our sequential flow-through, if you go back over time, right, and I'll say, more normalized
environment, which we're certainly view those days a bit more favorably. But we would kind of say our
flow-through would be consistently around 25% year-over-year on that kind of math. Sequential flow-
through, though, can be a bit more dynamic because your cost structure every 90 days doesn't move
as much as it might year-over-year. Now we have taken a lot of cost out. We have a lot more cost that
is going to continue to come out. That has the benefit for us of simply reducing our fixed cost base as
we consolidate plants and so forth. And so coming out of this, I would hope that our flow-through would
obviously improve versus maybe normalized times if you go back over the last couple of years. At the
same time, we're continuing to make some investments to grow with our customers as they recover.
But right now, I feel like the moves that we're making will have a significant impact on our fixed cost
structure, particularly in our industrial and in our transportation businesses. And we've taken charges over
the last 2 years of about $500 million to enable that. Now some of that's because many of these plants
were outside the U.S. and tend to have more expensive restructuring costs to do so, but the long-term
strategy is worth the cost to us. So it will improve versus that 25%. I can't tell you exactly when, because
some of that's going to be dependent upon -- well, a lot of it will depend upon where revenue comes back
to.

Operator

Your next question comes from Deepa Raghavan from Wells Fargo.

Deepa Bhargavi Narasimhapuram Raghavan
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Can you talk through how European automotive vertical is responding to the green stimulus and other
incentives provided by countries there? Also, how would you generally rate the sales recovery trend in
Europe automotive?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Deepa, it's Terrence. One of the things on your question is, the EU had put in, in Europe, carbon
regulations that have been impacting our customers, that we talked a lot about pre COVID, and certainly,
how those regulations have come in. I think when you really look at what we've seen, and certainly,
COVID has made it confusing while those regulations are in, I think the real bright spot that we see and
the growth this year in electric vehicles, that 12% we talk about, is almost entirely driven out of Europe.
And if we went back 2, 3 years ago, we would have sat down with you and said, China and Asia will be
the driver of hybrid and electric vehicles, than Europe and North America, certainly, there isn't regulatory
support for it. North America would always be the slowest adoption rate.

And with the regulations that we have, European EV and HEV sales are up about 90% year-on-year. So it
actually gives us confidence that some of those regulations are gaining traction in the car sales and also
in the production levels. And as you all know, Europe is one of our higher content regions and also higher
share regions, so it served very well. And we've been investing very much in electric vehicles all over the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

world, but certainly in Europe and Asia, it's been very important. So those trends are helping us. And we
think that certainly, they're going to continue to help us as we go forward. So thanks for the question.

Operator

Your next question comes from Jim Suva from Citigroup Investments.

Jim Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Terrence, I believe if I heard correctly on your prepared comments, you mentioned the guidance for
Transportation to be up around 20%, if I heard that right?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Correct, Jim.

Jim Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Yes. And if so, in auto production, I think people are expecting, kind of, say, from 12 million to 17 million,
which is like a 40% or a much bigger increase. What's the reason or rationale to bridge that gap? Is that
inventory digestion or timing? And if so, does that kind of getting the equilibrium after this quarter?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Sure. No, good question, Jim. And really, there's 2 factors. When we talk about our transportation
segment, it's no different than our quarter we just ended. Auto production was down 40%, the segment
was down 30%. So there are other things outside of auto, that's industrial transportation, certainly,
sensors. So there is an element now that won't always correlate. But the other big part is the part that
you articulated. We do, and as I said in my prepared comments, we still think there's about $100 million
of supply chain to work off as our customers have been trying to get their components supply chains lined
up, and that's a headwind as we go sequentially. And a lot of that's in automotive. So if you look at it, it is
40% in production increase from the 12 million to the 17 million. You also get the $100 million of supply
chain work off and then just realize there we have 2 other units in that segment that aren't fully auto. So
that's really how you should think about it.

Operator

Your next question comes from Matt Sheerin from Stifel.

Matthew John Sheerin
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Terrence, I'm hoping you can give us your read on the commercial transportation business. We've been
in a cyclical downturn for the last few quarters here. So what's your outlook there? Has that market
bottomed as the passenger vehicle market has? Or is there still some downside there? And then related
to that, the content opportunity, I think, in that market probably is as beneficial as it is in the passenger
vehicle market?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Thanks, Matt. You asked about one of our more complex markets. And when you look there, it has been
in a downturn and we talked to you about it. And when we think about 2020, the year we're in, globally,
you have -- construction has been weak, the truck and bus has been weak, and certainly, agriculture has
been weak. So if you really take the bigger markets there, they have all been weak. And there's different
inflection points when you look at that geographically. Emissions play a very big part into this market, not
only what goes on the COVID. And it's one of the things that I think when you go to, as we see there, in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

certain regions, it does look like it's bottoming. In other areas, due to emission benefits we've gotten, it
may get weaker. So it's a tale of multiple cities.

The more important thing is, where we've improved our content opportunity here. And one of the things
that I think we've done an exceptional job on not only in where we were traditionally strong in the U.S.
and North America and Europe, but also in China. I mean, China, this year will be our largest region in
our industrial transportation market, and that's very different than when we did the Deutsche acquisition.
Historically, you would have had probably -- China would have been maybe 10% share, and now it's
our largest region, really due to how we've really penetrated that market, taking advantage of the
infrastructure spending there and also the emissions evolution. And that is truly not only a market story,
but a content story.

And then even the example I gave during the script today, where you see some of the progress of where
does a sustainable powertrain go in a Class A truck. In ICT, on total, we can range, on average, $300 to
$400 of content per vehicle. You get, really, like a 3x in electrified large vehicle. And they are the things
that our engineers are working on with our customers. And as that becomes more of a reality, we'll drive
content growth. So it's not only what we see in the auto but also some of those features that are trying
to be taken over into the truck and bus and the commercial transportation markets are also benefiting us.
And we have the leading position in that market, similar to automotive business. So it's really about how
do we continue to help our customers as they want to take to the next generation as architectures.

Operator

Your next question comes from Samik Chatterjee from JPMorgan.

Samik Chatterjee
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I just had one longer-term question on automotive. You've talked today extensively about the leverage
you have to electrification as a theme. Just curious kind of how to think about the portfolio -- automotive
portfolio and leverage to autonomous vehicles as a kind of theme, overall, even though we're seeing some
pushouts here, and you mentioned kind of the landscape is good for share gains overall in this kind of --
right now, the environment we are in, but how are you thinking about M&A in this landscape?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

Well, a couple of things. First off, we are exposed both -- but one of the things I think is unique to us.
We benefit from both of those trends, and many companies benefit from one or the other. Autonomy,
though, has been one, when you think about architecture in the car. It has always been a lower content
opportunity versus EV. And we've shared those content charts with you about how much do we get on a
content of our $65, which gets breaks down between safety applications, infotainment and data stack as
well as production -- I mean, powertrain stack.

And clearly, the powertrain stack is always the biggest content for us, and that's why we do benefit as the
architecture moves more electric. Autonomy is going to be something that drives content. It's part of our
4% to 6%, but clearly not the largest piece of it. Powertrain has always been the largest piece, and we
play in all the applications in the car, just not specific ones.

As you look at M&A, I think as we've gone over time, we're going to look where we can add value both to
the acquisition as well as helps us solve our customers' problem. And we continue to look at M&A, you see
First Sensor, we finally closed after we announced that last year, that's going to help us from the sensor
suite. And we'll continue to look at M&A across all our businesses as we move forward to say how does it
strengthen us and continue to improve our portfolio and get return for our owners.

Operator

Your next question comes from Joseph Spak from RBC Capital Markets.

Joseph Robert Spak

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Terrence, maybe you could just be a little bit more explicit about your assumption for North America
production on a year-over-year basis in this coming quarter because indications are that July is even flat
to up year-over-year. So I just want to understand some of your conservatism there. And then maybe also
if you could just clarify, I thought I heard you say 4.5 million units in China, which seems well below trend.
I don't know if that was -- if I misheard or there, but if you could clarify that.

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

No, a couple of things, your 4 million, 4.5 million for China is right per quarter. So that's a per quarter
number, not an annual number. So that is where we view China production was in quarter 3, and we
expect it to be similar in quarter 4. So that is right for China. And when you get to North America,
honestly, we think North America production is going to be around 3.5 million units, which is pretty
consistent with where it was in quarter 1 and quarter 2 of this year. I do want to -- I made the comment
earlier, at TE, we serve every piece of the world. And North America is our slowest -- is our lowest piece of
our revenue. So just remember, there is other countries out there that we have very large positions in like
Japan, like Korea in addition to North America. So North America, we expect production to be about 3.5
million units in the fourth quarter.

Operator

Your last question comes from Nik Todorov from Longbow.

Nikolay Todorov
Longbow Research LLC

I think giving us those production numbers, I think you and your competitors differ from the third-party
estimates. So I was wondering if you can give us any sense of what is your initial thought on calendar
year '21 production? I know we're way too far and visibility is very little, but how are you thinking about
that recovery? I think you mentioned you're expecting a gradual one. Do you see in a scenario where
when calendar year '21 production goes back to similar levels to 2019? Or you think that's going to take a
little bit longer to get there?

Terrence R. Curtin
CEO & Director

I think the one thing you have to think about it, and it's the hard thing that we all have to deal with is,
how does COVID continue to impact, it is the thing that's the same, and how does that go forward. So
we can't comment on 2021. I think the key is, you look right now and we are encouraged that production
is getting back to 17 million units. We have to see that the consumer demand to pull through on those
cars produce. We like where inventory levels are right now. But as this is all ramping, I think the first step
we have to get there, too, is how does our customers ramp up to 17 million after being at 12 million and
where the consumer demand goes into next year. And I think the baseline you would start with is where
quarter 4 production is at as you go into next year and then you can do scenarios. I think point estimates
are very dangerous in an environment like this. You got to be thinking scenarios.

Sujal Shah
Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay. Thank you, Nik. It looks like there's no further questions. So if you do have further questions, please
contact Investor Relations at TE, and we thank you for joining us this morning. Have a great day.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

TE CONNECTIVITY LTD. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

