TechnipFMC plc NYSE:FTI
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 27, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.43

0.03

(93.02 %)

0.32

1.08

0.74

(31.48 %)

1.46

3837.91

3726.80

(2.90 %)

3498.02

13544.50

13409.10

(1.00 %)

14421.42

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-27-2020 9:21 AM GMT

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.31

0.35

0.51

0.43

0.06

0.39

0.12

0.03

(80.65 %)

11.43 %

(76.47 %)

(93.02 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Catherine MacGregor
President of Onshore/Offshore

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Maryann T. Mannen
Executive VP & CFO

Matt Seinsheimer
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Amy Wong
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Sean Christopher Meakim
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Vaibhav D. Vaishnav
Scotiabank Global Banking and
Markets, Research Division

Angeline Marie Sedita
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Bertrand Hodee
Kepler Cheuvreux, Research
Division

James Matthew Evans
Exane BNP Paribas, Research
Division

Kurt Kevin Hallead
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Lillian Starke
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Mark Wilson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the TechnipFMC Fourth Quarter 2019
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference over
to Matthew Seinsheimer. Please go ahead.

Matt Seinsheimer
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good afternoon, and welcome to TechnipFMC's Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call.

Our news release and financial statements issued yesterday can be found on our website. I'd like to
caution you with respect to any forward-looking statements made during this call. Although these forward-
looking statements are based on our current expectations, beliefs and assumptions regarding future
developments and business conditions, they are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by these statements.

Known material factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our projected results are
described in our most recent 10-K, most recent 10-Q and other periodic filings with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission, the French AMF and the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority. We wish to caution you
not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date hereof. We
undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any of our forward-looking statements after the date
they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

I will now turn the call over to Doug Pferdehirt, TechnipFMC's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thank you very much, Matt. Good morning, and good afternoon. Thank you for participating in our fourth
quarter earnings call.

2019 proved to be a year of significant growth for our company. We achieved an unprecedented level of
inbound in the year equaling $22.7 billion, representing order growth of nearly 60% versus the prior year.
Our success was driven by an acceleration in the market adoption of our new Subsea technologies; our
integrated subsea model, iEPCI; and continued strength in both LNG and downstream project sanctioning.

In Subsea, full year inbound of $8 billion grew more than 50% versus 2018. This was the highest annual
growth rate for our company in over a decade and more than 2x the industry's growth. This growth was
driven by iEPCI with our award value more than doubling prior year levels and accounting for more than
40% of total inbound orders. IEPCI is no longer just an alternative commercial model, it has become the
model of choice for most of our customers.

In Onshore/Offshore, inbound orders grew almost 80% versus 2018, driven by more than $8 billion in LNG
awards. This included the Arctic LNG 2 contract from NovaTek, which builds upon the success of Yamal
LNG. We were also part of the winning consortium on ExxonMobil's Rovuma LNG project, although we
recorded limited inbound value ahead of the project FID expected this year.

Total company backlog now stands at $24.3 billion, an increase of 67% from the same time last
year. Backlog grew across all segments, with Onshore/Offshore increasing almost 90% versus 2018.
Importantly, over half of our total backlog is scheduled for execution beyond 2020, providing us with
unrivaled visibility.

Total company revenue in 2019 exceeded $13 billion, benefiting from higher activity across all segments.
Full year Subsea revenue increased 14% in the year led by a 15% growth in Subsea services and an
increasing mix of integrated project activity.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

2019 also marked a trough for segment revenue in Onshore/Offshore. We have seen the revenue inflection
and have now experienced 3 consecutive quarters of sequential revenue growth. And when excluding
Yamal LNG, total segment revenue increased more than 25% versus 2018, demonstrating solid growth
and diversity in the remaining businesses.

And in Surface Technologies, we experienced growth of more than 15% outside North America. Our
international business now accounts for more than half of segment revenue. This strong growth more than
offset the decline in North America, with a total segment delivering a modest revenue increase.

Now let me turn to our market outlook and segment guidance for the coming year. Starting with Subsea,
we anticipate ongoing momentum in activity for small to midsized brownfield projects and a continued
healthy outlook for greenfield projects. Activity continues to be driven in part by emerging markets such
as Mozambique and Guyana and strengthening activity in important markets such as Brazil and Africa.

We also anticipate that subsea services will again experience double-digit revenue growth, driven in part
by digital monitoring services, well intervention and asset refurbishment activities. This strength in both
project activity and subsea services provides the framework for 2020 Subsea orders to approach the level
achieved in 2019. However, this remains dependent upon the timing of 1 or 2 major project awards.

Turning to Subsea guidance. We see revenue in a range of $6.2 billion to $6.5 billion and adjusted
EBITDA margin of at least 11%. In the first quarter, we expect to see normal seasonal impact with margin
improvement over the remainder of the year due to project timing and increased asset utilization.

For Onshore/Offshore, we remain confident that additional LNG projects will be sanctioned in the near
to intermediate term. The outlook for long-term demand requires this additional capacity. And just this
morning, Sempra Energy announced the selection of TechnipFMC as the EPC contractor for their Energia
Costa Azul LNG project. We are very proud to have been chosen for this strategic development.

Beyond LNG, we continue to selectively pursue refining, petrochemical and biofuel project opportunities
in Europe, the Middle East, Asia and North America, particularly where we can benefit from early
engagement or leverage our process technology portfolio.

For Onshore/Offshore guidance, we see revenue in a range of $7.5 billion to $7.8 billion and adjusted
EBITDA margin of at least 10%, reflecting a lower contribution from Yamal LNG and an increasing
contribution from projects in early stages. This guidance includes the impacts that we can estimate at this
time for the coronavirus.

In Surface Technologies, we anticipate double-digit revenue growth outside of North America, driven
by market activity and supported by our high tier products and technologies. This growth serves as
a strong foundation to our outlook as our international franchise makes up more than 50% of total
segment revenue. We anticipate North America activity to decline 10% versus 2019, which assumes an
improvement in drilling and completions activity in the second half of the year.

For Surface Technologies guidance, we expect revenue in a range of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion and
adjusted EBITDA margin of at least 12%.

Maryann will cover all other guidance related topics later in this call. In addition to this tremendous
commercial success in 2019, we have been taking actions to better position ourselves for 2020 and
beyond. The announced separation of our company is a bold visible step in this regard. But only
represents one aspect of the transformation that is taking place in our company.

In Subsea, we are further optimizing our organization. To maintain market leadership, you need a
combination of innovative technologies, fit-for-purpose assets and global execution capabilities in order to
deliver an integrated value chain.

Part of our optimization efforts are focused on our assets, ensuring that we have the right assets with the
right partners in the right geographies. And to achieve this, we will continue to rightsize and reallocate our
assets to better align with the advantages of new technologies such as Subsea 2.0 and integrated project
delivery. And we are also forming new strategic partnerships as demonstrated in our recent announcement

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

with Allseas that can provide us with access to unique assets in a more capital-efficient manner. These
actions will lower our operating and capital costs and increase asset utilization. And when coupled with
the accelerating adoption of our next-generation Subsea products and technologies, they can help our
customers reduce cost and cycle time for greater efficiency.

In Surface Technologies, we will leverage the strength of our international franchise in order to capitalize
on the growth we anticipate in the Middle East, Asia Pacific and the North Sea. In North America, we
continue to transform our business by working with our customers to further drive well site operational
efficiencies and lower greenhouse gas emissions. We are optimizing our services in operating geographies
and when the economic returns don't make sense, we will look to exit rather than simply optimize to the
status quo.

And in Onshore/Offshore, which will very soon become Technip Energies, we are transitioning into a new
growth cycle, one that is underpinned by the strength of more than $15 billion in project backlog. Our
global teams have successfully executed complex projects in some of the most remote regions, and we
will continue to leverage this experience and intense focus on the work that lies ahead. And we will remain
selective in our project choices focusing on those prospects that offer the best opportunity for success for
both our customers and TechnipFMC.

As you can see, we are taking actions across all of our businesses. Importantly, these initiatives are
supportive of our strategy focused on market leadership and business transformation. 2019 was another
transformational year for TechnipFMC. In August, we announced we would further reshape our future
through the separation of our company into 2 industry-leading, diversified pure-plays. The spinoff
remains on track for completion in the second quarter. As we have also shared, our new company, Technip
Energies, plans to host a Capital Markets Day in Paris ahead of the transaction close.

In 2019, we reinforced our position as the only fully integrated technology and services company. In
Subsea, we exceeded 100% growth in iEPCI inbound, driven by an acceleration in the market adoption of
our integrated model.

IEPCI, which served as the catalyst for the merger, accounted for more than 40% of the total Subsea
inbound orders in 2019 and has become the model of choice for most of our customers. When combined
with double-digit growth in subsea services, we delivered full year Subsea inbound of $8 billion, an
increase of more than 50% versus 2018. And in Surface Technologies, we grew more than 15% outside of
North America when compared to the prior year, with international revenues now accounting for more than
half of the segment revenue.

Our significant growth in backlog across all segments validates our strategy and provides us with
confidence in our outlook. We continue to demonstrate our global leadership in Subsea, LNG and the
international surface market.

I will now turn the call over to Maryann to further discuss our financial results.

Maryann T. Mannen
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Doug. Total company revenue in the fourth quarter was $3.7 billion, with adjusted EBITDA of
$404 million. Fourth quarter cash flow from operations was $559 million. Adjusted EPS was $0.03 in the
quarter, when excluding after-tax charges and credits of $5.43 per diluted share.

The total after-tax charges and credits largely reflect noncash goodwill and asset impairment charges
of $2.3 billion, which we disclosed earlier this month and are detailed in our earnings release: a
valuation allowance of $108 million impacting the tax provision, separation cost of $47 million and a net
restructuring credit of $1 million, which included gain of $83 million in Subsea related to the consolidation
of a PLSV joint venture. These charges reflect the specific actions we are taking to better position our
company for 2020 and beyond, as Doug outlined in his remarks.

Included in our adjusted earnings are items for which we do not provide guidance, including an expense
resulted from increased liability to joint venture partners of $0.22 per diluted share and foreign exchange

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

losses of $0.13 per diluted share. The FX impact, which is included in corporate expense, was almost
entirely driven by the significant devaluation of the Angolan Kwanza in the period. These 2 items impacted
our adjusted EPS by $0.35 in the period and excluded our adjusted EPS would have been $0.38 per diluted
share. And lastly, with regard to internal control, we have fully remediated all previously disclosed material
weaknesses. This will be reflected in our upcoming annual filings.

Turning to the operational highlights in the quarter. Subsea delivered fourth quarter revenues of $1.5
billion, a 21% increase versus the prior year quarter. We experienced double-digit growth in both project
and services activity in the period. IEPCI project activity continues to represent an increasing share of
revenue, reflective of the well-established market trend towards integrated project development.

The increase in services revenue was driven by higher installation, well intervention and asset
refurbishment activities. Subsequently, subsea services' revenue was essentially unchanged despite
the seasonal impact of weather. And adjusted EBITDA for Subsea was $185 million, with a margin of
12.4%. Adjusted EBITDA improved modestly from the prior year as cost reduction activities and project
completions offset the impact of a more competitively priced backlog.

Onshore/Offshore reported fourth quarter revenue of $1.8 billion, an increase of 10% from the prior year
quarter primarily driven by higher activity. Adjusted EBITDA was $260 million with a margin of 14.2%.
Operating results in the period benefited from the strength in execution across the portfolio.

And finally, in Surface Technologies, revenue of $408 million was down 2% versus the prior year, while
sequentially, we saw modest improvement as we benefited from the strength in international markets,
offset by the lower North American activity. Sequentially, adjusted EBITDA margin of 13.7% increased 250
basis points and reflects the benefit of a higher international mix of business and cost reduction activities.

Turning to cash. We have now generated positive operating cash flow for 6 consecutive quarters. In the
fourth quarter, we recorded $459 million of cash flow from operations, some of which resulted from the
timing differences between project milestones and vendor payments.

Operating cash flow was $849 million for the full year. Beyond the operating line, capital expenditures
were $86 million in the period. Our full year spend was $374 million when excluding the $80 million impact
of the sale-leaseback transaction for the Dive Support Vessel we recorded earlier in the year.

We paid $58 million in shareholder dividends in the quarter and for the full year, we made $233 million in
total dividend payments. Additionally, we made a distribution of $119 million to the Yamal joint venture
partners. We ended the year with $5.2 billion of cash on hand.

Now I would like to provide additional details around our 2020 financial guidance. With regard to our
revenue guidance, please note that the segments reflect the new business perimeters as reflected in our
separation announcement. Businesses with approximately $120 million of revenue in 2019, most of which
came from Surface Technologies, are now included in our Onshore/Offshore segment in 2020.

Let me highlight the revenue coverage from backlog. In Subsea, at the midpoint of our guidance
approximately 71% of our anticipated 2020 revenue is expected from backlog scheduled for execution in
the current year. We anticipate the remaining revenue, approximately $1.8 billion, will be met by book and
turn activity from both subsea services and projects. Subsea services' revenue is expected to exceed $1
billion in the year. Only a modest amount of this revenue potentially is in backlog today and most services
orders quickly convert into revenues. In Onshore/Offshore, backlog supports approximately 86% of our
expected revenue for 2020 at the midpoint. We anticipate approximately $400 million to $500 million in
revenue from Yamal LNG.

Turning to the remaining guidance items for 2020. We expect corporate expense net to be $180 million to
$190 million for the full year, when excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. We expect net
interest expense of $80 million to $90 million for the full year, when excluding the impact of revaluation
of partners mandatorily redeemable financial liability. The increase from the prior year is largely the result
of lower interest income associated with the company's cash balances. We forecast a full year tax rate in
the range of 28% to 32%. Capital expenditures for 2020 should be no greater than $450 million, and we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

expect cash flow from operating activities to exceed $1 billion, with the back half of the year being a little
stronger than the first half.

In closing, Subsea revenue benefited from increasing activity in both projects and services, while order
growth reflected the acceleration in market adoption of our new Subsea Technologies and integrated
Subsea model. Onshore/Offshore revenue has clearly inflected from the 2018 trough as evidenced by
the achievement of our third quarter of sequential revenue growth. While in Surface Technologies, we
continue to leverage the strength of our international franchise. Lastly, we generated nearly $850 million
in operating cash flow in 2018, with positive results in all 4 quarters.

Looking ahead, we begin 2020 with more than $24 billion of secured backlog. We have strong revenue
coverage for the year in both Subsea and Onshore/Offshore. We see revenue growth in all 3 segments at
the midpoint of our revenue guidance range. As importantly, we are proactively taking actions across all
our businesses in support of our focus on market leadership and continued business transformation. And
in 2020, we expect operating cash flow to exceed $1 billion.
Operator, you may now open up the call for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from James Evans from Exane BNP Paribas.

James Matthew Evans
Exane BNP Paribas, Research Division

First one is actually on Surface. Obviously, a decent Q4, the guidance is pretty good, quite high
restructuring charges. I just wondered if you could give us a little bit more detail there on what you're
doing to drive improved performance as we head into next year? And what the ultimate size of the
opportunity is?

And secondly, around Subsea, I mean I think the guide for 2020 is maybe a little bit weaker than had
been expected. I mean can you just clarify any reason for the deviation? And just actually an update
on comments on the external environment, things like pricing, et cetera, and also just the gap between
margins on integrated awards and normal awards and when we see that benefit really coming through
your business in the results you deliver?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

James, I will -- I think that set the record for the most questions packed in a short period, thank you
very much. I think I captured 4, if not 5, there. What I'm going to do is, I'm going to walk us a little bit
through the Subsea margin guidance because I actually think that will, in some ways, address most of
the other parts of your question, and quite frankly, maybe is the most prevalent and what is most new at
this point. And if you don't mind, James, I'm going to take just a little bit of time on this, and I think it's
important that we kind of walk through the progression of this cycle and would ended up resulting in our
2020 guidance.

So as you know, for TechnipFMC, we had tremendous inbound order growth of more than 50% in 2019.
And by the middle of the year, following the very robust orders of the first half, our integrated projects
or iEPCI was representing more than 50% of the total Subsea orders. And at that time, I stated my
confidence that 2019 would likely mark the margin trough at the time. However, I also noted that 2020
would be a transition year, with the main outstanding question for us being more about the progression of
the margin improvement.

If we go back to what we talked about a few times, as an iEPCI company and the only integrated
company, we have the benefit of being involved in the whole life cycle, but that also means that the
conversion of the inbound or the orders into revenue happens over a longer period of time. So again, we
first have to design and build the equipment and this takes 18 to 24 months before we can install and
commission, which can take up to another 18 months. Meaning that the orders from the first half of 2019
won't really drive margin improvement until late 2020 and beyond, as I had stated in earlier calls.

I've also said the inception of the integrated business model that we will continue to prioritize our
assets for these iEPCI projects and for our alliance partners. This was quite important as it has been
a very competitive period when bidding only day rate contracts on vessels. And while I was clear that
this strategy would result in lower utilization during this period we ultimately will benefit from a higher
quality backlog, driven by direct awards from both our alliance partners and those that we convert from
integrated feed to iEPCI projects. And we now have delivered on the first part of this strategy as evidenced
by the strength of our 2019 inbound.

Our Subsea guidance that was issued last night is also consistent with this message. And while it is still
possible that 2019 was the absolute margin trough, the significant ramp in activity we are experiencing
not only impacts our company directly, but also our suppliers in the supply chain in general.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

The elasticity of the supply base has not proven to be as robust as that of our own company. Therefore,
we are experiencing incremental costs to strengthen our supply chain. These efforts are well underway.
As these transitory costs come down and as we move further into the offshore campaigns, we remain
confident in our ability to achieve or exceed our stated guidance, driven in part by the higher utilization
of all of our assets. It's important to emphasize our strategy and outlook remain unchanged, and we are
confident we will deliver double-digit revenue growth in 2020, and we will remain confident that we will
deliver margin expansion over the coming years.

With that, I'll pass it to Maryann to talk a little bit about the restructuring charges that we have announced
today.

Maryann T. Mannen
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. James, thanks. I think your first question was referencing the restructuring charges in North
America, as you've probably seen, we've recorded about $37 million directly attributable to Surface.
You heard Doug say we're taking a very focused approach in ensuring that we are exiting businesses
and product lines where we are not meeting the profitability there. So that charge that we recorded in
the quarter represents the exit of certain product lines and certain head count reductions. And as you
can imagine, that is largely North America related, so that we see performance improvement deliver the
margin improvement and the success that we are focused on for 2020. So that's what you're seeing being
recorded in the third quarter, again, largely attributed to North America.

Operator

Your next question comes from Angie Sedita from Goldman Sachs.

Angeline Marie Sedita
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

So I appreciate the detail on the Subsea margin, Doug that was really very helpful. But maybe if we could
ask a little bit more on that on the comments you said to strengthen our supply chain, which is obviously
very fair, is that an occurrence that we'll see only or predominantly in the first half. In the second half, we
could see a larger ramp with both the awards you saw in '19 and the elimination of those additional costs?
Maybe talk us through 2020 and going into '21 on that margin ramp?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Sure, Angie. So maybe an analogy I could use is, we came out of the gate really, really strong. And again,
our growth in 2019, we doubled the industry growth. So okay, that could be translated into, obviously, an
expansion in our market share. And all of that combined at the same time, has to be translated through
this, has to trickle through the supply chain, if you will. We've been working with the supply chain. We've
resolved most of the matters, we're very well advanced. I don't want to leave any doubt, and I appreciate
the follow-up question that the matters are well under control.

I'm just pointing to the fact of going back to 6 -- almost 9 months ago now and the comments about the
2019 being the trough in the margin and where we came out with the guidance, which was, I think, just
a small rounding year below that, was really just to emphasize and put a little bit of color around what's
actually happening. So to your question, yes, we see -- we'll have the normal seasonal activity, decrease
in activity in the first quarter, there's no way around that that just has to do with certain geographies at
which there's very little subsea activity because of the sea conditions in the first quarter, but we would
expect to see a ramp in through the end of the year and an exit rate that would be more reflective of the
type of margins that we will be able to generate from this much high-quality and high level of inbound that
we had in the first half of 2019.

Angeline Marie Sedita
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Okay. Very helpful. And then I mean if you have any color on the exit rate, feel free to share? But then
I would also ask on Subsea orders and the outlook for -- I mean obviously, you had a very impressive
year in 2019 on iEPCI? And if you could talk about the opportunity set for iEPCI in 2020 as far as total and
as a percentage of inbound orders? And then you made the remark, of course, that Subsea orders could
approach 2019 levels, but it's dependent upon 1 or 2 major awards and maybe if you can give us some
further color there?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Sure. In terms of the iEPCI, the way I look at it, Angie, is it is kind of -- it's just our way of doing business
going forward. We -- so I think that we've somewhat established that. And I believe even the rest of the
industry is now acknowledging that, which I guess is somewhat flattering. Where we go in 2020 versus
2019, I see no reason why the percentage of iEPCI would not be at a similar or a greater level than it was
in 2019. Again, we have a very healthy portfolio of integrated FEED studies, it's important to remember
that our ability -- when we convert those integrated FEED studies to integrated EPCI projects, these
become direct awards to our company. We also have an expanding list of exclusive iEPCI alliances. We
added 2 more in 2019 with 2 additional customers, meaning 100% of their integrated work is coming -- or
100% of their Subsea work is coming to us through our new integrated model.

So with that, I would expect, over time, as we've clearly demonstrated in just 2 years from 0 to close to
50% of our business being integrated, a trend that is very likely to continue, not just for us, but eventually
for the rest of the industry as well.

So I think that continues to look quite strong. In terms of the absolute order level, always hard to tell
-- hard to state at this point in the year, and we don't give absolute guidance on order intake. It's very
difficult, given the size of our projects and the difficulty to time them within a particular 12-month period
but what we do show is an opportunity set over the next 24 months, we publish that, we update that
regularly. It remains robust. But I remind you that a large percentage of our awards don't show on that
list. That is the projects that are, let's say, publicly available to us and to our competition or some of our
competition that would qualify to do that work. We have that exclusive set of proprietary opportunities,
again, from our alliance partners or from the iEPCI, integrated FEED studies, excuse me, that can turn into
direct award iEPCIs if we reach a certain project economic threshold that benefits both the client as well as
ourselves, typically driven by an accelerated time to first oil.

When we look at it, and that's the reason I made the comment I did, yes, 2019 was a very robust year.
Some things, obviously, would have to continue to have a very strong year and would have to have some
things go right in 2020 to be able to match that level of order inbound. We had some $1 billion-plus
awards in 2018 and in '19. We may not see those $1 billion-plus awards in 2020, although we do have
a portfolio of large opportunities that if they all came together, and the timing all happen by the 31st of
December of 2020, we could be in that -- we could be in a very similar range as we are going forward
from 2020 versus 2019.

Operator

Your next question comes from Lillian Starke from Morgan Stanley.

Lillian Starke
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I just wanted to see if you could provide a bit of color on the operating cash flow guidance? I recognize
some of that may be partly driven by cash advances that you might expect from clients, but I was just
wondering if there's also any underlying improvement that you're seeing on your own working capital
dynamics?

And then the second question I had is, on the back of what we're seeing on the coronavirus, is there
anything -- I know you are working with certain Chinese errands. Is there any delays or any concerns at
this point in time?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Okay. Sure. So thank you, Lillian. I'm going to make a comment around the coronavirus, and then I'm
going to pass it to Catherine MacGregor who's with me and as you know, is the CEO-elect, for Technip
Energies has been very involved and is currently the president of the GBU for Onshore/Offshore and
is very involved in those projects. So I'll let her add some additional color. And then Maryann will add
some additional color around the cash flow comment that you made, which I appreciate you pointing it
out. We're very proud of the progress that we've made, the continued progress that we've made and a
good progression and just remind you that we are a business of projects, and there will always be new
projects coming in and projects closing out, and we are very pleased with the trend of our cash flow and
the projections that we were able to share for 2020.

Just in terms of the coronavirus, look, first and foremost, we are deeply concerned for those who have
been impacted. We are very much monitoring the situation and have put in place the appropriate actions
to try to ensure the health and well-being of all the 37,000 women and men of our company and the
many, many more contractors that we work with in the various sites and the various projects around
the world. I'll let Catherine, again, put some additional color around the -- so maybe an example or 2 of
what's actually happening on the project.

Catherine MacGregor
President of Onshore/Offshore

Yes. Thank you. And indeed, we are, in light of the context of the coronavirus, working very actively, and
I would say, collaboratively as well with our customers, but also with our subcontractors and with our
partners to make sure that we take appropriate measures to really mitigate the impact on our projects. So
what we've said is that the guidance that we gave you on Onshore/Offshore reflects what we see today as
the impact of the colonized virus -- of the coronavirus. So to give you a little bit of example of some of the
things we're doing, again, working very collaboratively with our customers and with our suppliers in one
of our projects, for example, we were able to transfer some engineering hours from one of our Chinese-
based subcontractor to one of our operating centers.

In another project, some orders were placed or were diverted from a Chinese supplier to European-based
supplier. And we have a number of actions like this that we are able to take again working as proactively
as possible with our partners, suppliers and customers.

Maryann T. Mannen
Executive VP & CFO

Lillian, Maryann here. Maybe just a little more color around the cash flows. And again, thanks for your
question. I think you know, and certainly, given the backlog that we have and the significant project
component, our objective is certainly to be cash flow positive or at a minimum cash flow neutral against
the entire portfolio. So I think what you see happening as we continue to execute along that backlog is
that continued improvement, and certainly, working capital is a piece of that.

Operator

Your next question comes from Sean Meakim from JPMorgan.

Sean Christopher Meakim
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So maybe to follow-up on the cash flow guidance. On a traditional basis, implied more than $500 million
of free cash flow sounds very positive. Can you maybe just put some parameters around the influence of
prepayments on LNG awards, a little more granularity with respect to working capital? And then just how
you see the impacts of cash from financing with the MRL in 2020 on cash?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Sure, Sean. So again, I pass to Maryann to provide the more detailed answer, but I just think it's
important that we are a projects business. We will always have new projects coming in and advanced
payments, as you well point out, from those. But we also gave 2020 cash flow guidance. So I think --
which you'll be able to see very clearly is the continued improving trend that is also reflected in our
guidance. Maryann?

Maryann T. Mannen
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, Sean. And maybe a little more color around the MRL, I think, as you asked there. And you know
you can actually see it when we produce the 10-K, but our MRL today sits at about $300 million. So at a
minimum, assuming no other further changes on the project, that outflow will happen to the partners at
the time at which both TechnipFMC and its partners decide for that payment to happen. So that happens in
the financing section as you well noted, but that outflow will happen.

I think the second part of your question again was around working capital, and we certainly won't try
to get as granular there. But as you know, a big piece of the changes in 2019 were -- and as we talked
about that, the big outflows that we saw from Yamal as we continue to progress toward completion of that
project, I think you can expect that the outflows from Yamal will be much less in 2020 than they were in
2019.

Sean Christopher Meakim
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. That's very fair. And then Doug's comments were interesting when he mentioned the supply chain
not proven to have the elasticity of your company, and that's led to some incremental costs that are
perhaps transitory, does any of that carry into the CapEx budget for 2020? I was hoping we could maybe
get a little more granularity of that $450 million that you're planning for this year?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thanks, Sean. No, not directly from the supply chain considerations. The capital budget, which you'll see
reflecting the capital budget, is those incremental commitments we made that are part of particularly the
large Subsea projects. So when it's a greenfield project, and we are providing the full iEPCI, including
the life of field contract, which we call ILOF or integrated life of field contract, most of those come with a
certain level of capital expenditure in order to support a 15-, 20-, 25-, even 30-year life of field Subsea
contract. And if you think about it this way, that's kind of the tooling in the assets that are required to
go out if there is any need to be able to recover to -- for inspection, for repair, for monitoring services
associated with those subsea installations.

Operator

Your next question comes from Bertrand Hodee from Kepler Cheuvreux.

Bertrand Hodee
Kepler Cheuvreux, Research Division

Two questions, if I may? One on the Subsea margin. Thank you, Doug, for providing kind of the main
moving part, but can you quantify what is the impact of those supply chain incremental costs you're
seeing for 2020? And also can you give us some guidelines around the utilization rate of the vessels you
expect for 2020? And then I will have a follow-up question on the coronavirus.

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Okay, sure. Thank you, Bertrand. So let me cover the first one, which was to quantify the impact of the
supply chain. Look, I think it's -- again, I want to make sure it's very well understood. It's well under
control. We took these orders in the first half of 2019. We started placing the orders with the supply chain
during the first half of the year. We have a complete understanding. This isn't a new discovery. We have

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

a complete understanding of what's happening. And we took that into account and reflected that in our
guidance. So hard to quantify the exact impact. But I guess, you can tell by the guidance level that we
provide, it's not hugely -- it's not a huge number. And it's well under control which is why we were able to
provide the guidance and the confidence that we have in the guidance for 2020 of at least 11%.

In terms of the guidelines around utilization, again, we don't really see utilization improving much until the
second half and really not until 2021, 2022, and that's when we'll see a meaningful impact in the overall
improvement of the utilization of the fleet tied to those iEPCI awards.

Bertrand Hodee
Kepler Cheuvreux, Research Division

Okay. And then the follow-up question on the coronavirus. So if I understood well, your guidance
in Onshore/Offshore already include some of the impact that you can estimate at this time for the
coronavirus. Can you help us understand what was this impact that you've currently included? Is it
potentially in terms of revenues being deferred or in terms of margins?

Catherine MacGregor
President of Onshore/Offshore

Yes, Bertrand. Obviously, we're not quite ready to give you a number because what we've done is that we
looked at product portfolio and on the aggregate estimated the impact on some of the internal milestones
that we could see moving and made the judgment to give you the revenue guidance in 2020 to really
integrate all of this impact. So we won't give you, and we don't have breakdown. But at this stage, and
I think you've summarized it very well, that our current view of our revenue, the guidance we gave you
integrates the impact that we see today of the virus.

Operator

Your next question comes from Vaibhav Vaishnav from Scotiabank.

Vaibhav D. Vaishnav
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

I guess I was trying to expand on Sean's question, so can you help us think about the $450 million of
CapEx, what are the bigger buckets, you mentioned life of projects, but if you can expand more on that
and boats, and what are the other typical bigger buckets?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Sure. I'll provide you some additional color. So there's a certain level of maintenance CapEx associated
with the existing asset base, both the manufacturing assets as well as the fleet. The increment and the
only increment that you're really seeing is tied to that tremendous inbound growth that we pointed out in
2019 and the continued investment to support the growth rate of our subsea services business, which, as
I pointed out, grew substantially in 2019, and we expect it to repeat in 2020.

Vaibhav D. Vaishnav
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Okay. And I guess, you have talked about owning boats as being not essential for the Subsea business.
Can you talk about what are your latest thoughts if there are any -- if there is a way or if you have any
thoughts around divesting that piece of the business?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Well, I think the whole industry needs to restructure and really get focused on driving through cycle
returns, not just peak returns. And in order to do that, we have to look at the capital structure of our
industry, and we have to look at the capital structure of our individual companies, as in many other
attributes, particularly in the subsea business we believe that we are leading by example. So you know we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

took some very decisive moves. We announced some asset sales during the last year, and we'll continue --
and we announced a very important partnership as well with Allseas, and we will continue to look at ways
that we can work collaboratively with anyone, anyone at all, in order to ensure success for the industry
going forward, and once again, make it a very attractive place for the investment community to put their
money because of the type of margins that we'll be able to demonstrate on a through-cycle basis.

If we keep looking at it individually as to the own size of our assets, regardless of what type of assets they
are, we tend to end up in a situation where the industry is overcapitalized and we don't generate the type
of returns that are required.

So look, we are very open to working with anybody, and we have demonstrated that, and we will benefit
from that in terms of the type of returns that we'll be able to generate because of that type of behavior.

Operator

And your next question comes from Mark Wilson from Jefferies.

Mark Wilson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

I'd like to ask about the -- an update on the Brazil riser situation. And I think there's a third situation
flagged by Petrobras. Could you just give us an update there, Doug, and Technip's involvement in it?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Sure. So the issue, as we know, is there's a phenomenon called stress corrosion cracking. It happens
when a few conditions are met. Those conditions are very prevalent in the pre-salt reservoirs and the
pre-salt composition of the hydrocarbons that are produced. And therefore, we see an accelerated rate of
stress corrosion cracking in that environment. Why am I emphasizing that? This is a well-known physical
phenomenon. It happens anywhere where they're steel in -- placed in a certain condition where this type
of event can occur. By the way, a standing structure, a bridge, if you will, made out of steel is experiencing
stress corrosion cracking. It's not -- it's absolutely well-known and understood.

When the pre-salt was developed because of the high CO2 content and the fact that a flexible riser
when the annulus is flooded, can accelerate that phenomenon. So it's a well-known phenomenon. It just
becomes accelerated. So look, the industry had a -- this is an industry phenomenon. We are, obviously,
the leader in the flexible pipe, both technology and certainly in the installed base and continue to be.

So we've been working very actively, actually, with industry, but very much directly with Petrobras and
making sure that we could clearly understand the phenomenon in this condition and then be able to model
it so that we could predict the -- let's say, the impact of the effects of distressed corrosion cracking, whilst
at the same time and in parallel, developing solutions that will be less -- will be more resistant or even
stress corrosion crack -- SEC, if you will, stress corrosion cracking free. And that's exactly the process --
and that's what we're doing. So it's multidimensional as I'm pointing out.

We are well advanced on the first element, which is now being able to model and predict and working very
closely with Petrobras on that. So it's very -- it's a combined issue, and it's now a well-understood issue,
and we're able to model it.

At the same time, we're developing the solutions hand-in-hand with Petrobras. And we're very pleased.
And they are -- more importantly, they are very pleased with the progress that we're making. We just
had a review on the subject matter 2 weeks ago with the Petrobras leadership team, and we'll continue
to work with them in an open and collaborative way to solve this industry -- to solve this industry
phenomenon and ensure that we will have a product that they'll be able to use across their portfolio
because it's important to understand what we're really talking about is a small application of flexible pipe.
If you look at the total amount of flexible pipes sold, this is a very small portion of that total market that is
impacted. It's not all of Brazil, it's not all of Petrobras, it's not all of pre-salt. It's in a very specific isolated

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

situation. That being said, we're committed to solving it, as I pointed out and are making good progress in
that situation.

In regards to the rest of the business around our flexible product line, it continues unchanged, if you will,
and continues to be quite robust.

Mark Wilson
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Excellent. And then one short follow-up for Maryann, just in 4Q cash build, it's about $400 million of
additional contract liabilities came in the working capital, I just wondered if you could give a split between
Subsea and Onshore/Offshore for that?

Maryann T. Mannen
Executive VP & CFO

So the cash flow change in the quarter, as you pointed out, is largely driven by the change in contract
liabilities. And as you know, we try not to be so segment-specific. It gets to a level of granularity. But if
you think about some of the major moves in the projects, and you can think about how they might be as
we're progressing through in the early stages, both Doug and Catherine have talked about that, it might
be helpful. But certainly, milestone payments, as I mentioned, we try to stay ahead of that cash flow
curve, and that indicates, obviously, we've got -- we've got work to complete. You can think about the size
of some of the major projects that we've announced recently, and that might help in the thinking about
the separation between what Subsea and Onshore/Offshore.

Operator

Your next question comes from Amy Wong from UBS.

Amy Wong
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

A couple of questions from me, please. The first one is just a reference to your tremendous success on
winning integrated SPS and SURF projects. The industry has to -- seems to have embraced this solution
and yourself and another big competitor seems to be mopping up a lot of the market share. So can
you talk about what other competitors are doing, are reacting to this seemingly increasing take-up of
integrated solutions? And how they could try to compete with you on that front?

And then my second question is bigger picture, just -- can you talk more in general about your technology
leadership in Subsea? You touched on your Flexible 2.0 program. But I also want to understand some
other emerging technologies such as a 20K Play, how important will the -- this technology be for you to
sort of maintain or even -- going to start to win more market share as the tendering pipeline progresses?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Thanks, Amy. And look, I'll be brief on the first one on the what is the competition doing around iEPCI.
I'm sure they're talking about it. I'm sure they're trying to figure that out right now. It's not evident
to me what they're doing, but what is clearly evident is this is the way that the market is going. We're
real thankful that in 2016 we had the vision. We're even more thankful that in 2017, we completed the
transaction and, obviously, most thankful for the recognition by our clients in the amount of over $7 billion
of integrated awards that they've given us thus far, the vast majority of those being direct awarded to our
company. So we're just very thankful for the situation we're in.

In regards to technology leadership in Subsea, it's, obviously, an important -- it's one of the important
elements. The commercial model has been hugely successful, but the ability to be able to merge that with
a technology program that not only drives the Subsea -- expansion of the Subsea market in an example
like 20K that you pointed out, which is very important, indeed. It also can be fundamentally change the
way that we conduct our business or our operating model, both in terms of our physical footprint as well
as in terms of our assets.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

So Subsea 2.0 has had a profound impact on our manufacturing footprint in a positive way, if you will,
from a cost point of view or from a returns point of view, and I strongly believe that Subsea 3.0 and
beyond will have the same type of impact on the installation capabilities going forward for ourselves and
ultimately for the industry.

Operator

And we only have time for one more question. Our last question comes from Kurt Hallead from RBC.

Kurt Kevin Hallead
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

So Doug, I just wanted to maybe follow-up real quick to make sure I understand correctly how you were
going through that very detailed explanation of the transition year of 2020 and the impact on the Subsea
margins related to that transition of much significant backlog flowing through the system? So would it be
safe to say that maybe at a baseline of the margin that you have in backlog that would be maybe a 100
basis point higher than that minimum point of guidance that you provided? And therefore, the difference is
all that incremental cost that you're occurring through the supply chain to make sure you can execute on
these projects? Is that a fair way to maybe look at that?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Certainly, a creative way to put me in the corner, Kurt. I'm not going to fundamentally disagree with your
statement.

Kurt Kevin Hallead
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. That's fair enough. And then on the -- just the last one here on Surface Tech when the split does
occur, that will be roughly 20%, it looks like 20% of the Technip FDI EBITDA. I found interesting in your
commentary about the North American market, where you thought the second half would be stronger than
the first half. That seems to be running a little bit counter to some other commentary that we've been
picking up throughout the earnings period. So I just want to get your perspective on how you see that
evolving? And just want to try to calibrate that with other things we've been hearing?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

Yes, Kurt. Look, I'm not going to pretend that I have a crystal ball that others don't on the North American
market, been doing it for too long. I don't think anybody has ever gotten it right over a 12-month period.
It's just way too dynamic of a market. Most of our competitors are not only giving H1 guidance, and yes,
we could have went that route as well. We put out the view that we understand from our perspective,
understanding kind of our market position and what we're trying to do in the market. But I think like
everybody else, we'll see how the first half develops, and we'll come out with updated guidance for the
second half when it's more appropriate.

Kurt Kevin Hallead
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. And I think just to finish off on here, you've indicated that there is an opportunity to take the
integrated model from Subsea into Surface, just want to get an update from you on how that may be
progressing?

Douglas J. Pferdehirt
Chairman of the Board & CEO

So thank you very much. It's a great note to end on. It is going well, and we are -- we'll be talking a lot
more about that at the TechnipFMC Analyst Day later this year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

And if I could, operator, I've never done this before, but I'm going to ask a question because I'm a
little bit surprised we didn't get a question around -- we just announced an LNG award as part of my
prepared remarks, the award came just maybe 1 hour before this call. That is a huge, huge element for
our company and for Technip Energies going forward. So Catherine, could you tell us a little more about
the award that Doug announced earlier today?

Catherine MacGregor
President of Onshore/Offshore

Now this is a setup. Thank you, Doug, for your question. I'll just say a couple of words to say that, in
general, we are still extremely positive about the LNG outlook for future demand, additional infrastructure
will be needed. Additionally, our own positioning within the LNG market is very strong, and not to come
across as overly confident, but there are only a few credible players that can tackle these complex LNG
projects. And so today, the announcement from Sempra Energy of this award is really coming as a great
satisfaction. We're very, very pleased with this award. It's a result of very earlier engagement with our
customers, recognition of our global LNG track record, also experience in Mexico, which we had before. So
we were very pleased and looking forward to deliver on this project. So thanks for the question.

Operator

And I would like to turn the call back over to Matthew Seinsheimer for closing remarks.

Matt Seinsheimer
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you. This concludes our fourth quarter conference call. A replay of the call will be available on our
website beginning at approximately 8 p.m. Greenwich Mean Time today. If you have any further questions,
please feel free to contact the Investor Relations team. Thanks for joining us. Operator, you may now end
the call.

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You
may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

TECHNIPFMC PLC FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 27, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

