The Charles Schwab Corporation 

NYSE:SCHW
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 29, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.47

0.51

8.51

0.59

2.27

2.15

Revenue  (mm)

2528.41

2448.00

(3.18 %)

3802.25

11986.22

14876.21

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-21-2020 10:46 AM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.64

0.63

0.53

0.47

0.62

0.62

0.54

0.51

(3.12 %)

(1.59 %)

1.89 %

8.51 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Joseph Raymond Martinetto
Senior EVP & COO

Peter Brooks Crawford
Executive VP & CFO

Richard G. Fowler
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

Walter William Bettinger
President, CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Brennan Hawken
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Christopher Charles Shutler
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Christopher Meo Harris
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Craig William Siegenthaler
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Devin Patrick Ryan
JMP Securities LLC, Research
Division

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Michael J. Cyprys
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

William Alfred Nance
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Presentation

Richard G. Fowler
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

And we are live. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Schwab's Fall 2020 Business Update. This is Rich
Fowler, Head of Investor Relations, coming to you from a still sparsely populated 211 Main Street in San
Francisco.

While I want to extend a particular welcome to those of you attending this session as new owners or
followers of Schwab due to our recent acquisition of TD Ameritrade, we certainly hope everyone on the call
and your families remain safe and well in this environment. And we thank you for spending time with us
today. There's a full lineup of earnings reports for many of you to deal with. And we certainly have a full
agenda here, so we're going to get things underway quickly.

Joining me today, both virtually and literally, are Walt Bettinger, our President and CEO; Joe Martinetto,
Senior EVP and COO; and Chief Financial Officer, Peter Crawford. Now those of you experienced with
our interim updates will immediately recognize that Joe's participation signals that we're not following
traditional practice today. And we are indeed planning to spend a longer-than-normal session, say around
1.25 hour with these 3 bringing you up-to-date on life at Schwab right now, starting off with some
prepared comments and following up with Q&A until it's time to wrap up. Our goal as always is to keep
you current regarding management's thinking as efficiently as possible.

We will follow tradition on questions, so we'll do so via the webcast console as well as the dial in.
[Operator Instructions]

Walt will start us off today to discuss our strategic picture, which includes both the continuing story of the
company's performance during the pandemic and the implications of closing the Ameritrade acquisition.
And then Joe is here to share an update on the integration process as we dig in on this front. Peter will
review the recent financial performance of both firms on a stand-alone basis and then move to discussing
the current outlook for the combined company before taking us into Q&A.

Before that, let's spend a second on those wonderful wall of words holding steady at a single riveting
page, the main point of which is to remind everyone that outcomes can differ from expectations. So please
keep an eye on our disclosures.

Finally, the slides will be posted on the IR side during Peter's prepared remarks. I think that's it
administratively. So Walt, I think we're ready to get going. Over to you.

Walter William Bettinger
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Rich. And good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us during certainly what continues to be
extraordinary times. We all recognize that we're living in a unique and challenging time for everyone. And
my best wishes for good health and safety go out to all of you who are joining us on the call.

It's really times like these that a focused and consistent strategy means more than ever. The noise around
us from a struggling economy, record low interest rates, a degree of political turmoil can shake those less
committed to a sound long-term approach.

At Schwab, we remain as committed as ever to our Through Clients' Eyes strategy. And our key strategic
initiatives, scale, monetization and segmentation. Our approach is winning in the market, and we believe
that our combination with TD Ameritrade will deliver outstanding financial results, along with furthering
our competitive position in key client segments. As I've said before, we are on offense, and the response
from our clients with record and near-record metrics supports the efforts that we're making to offer world-
class value service, advice and transparency.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Now as of October 6, we have successfully completed the 4 acquisitions that were announced in the
past 15 months. Each of these transactions are strategically important for us, but of course in different
ways. And each slots in perfectly with those key strategic initiatives I mentioned previously of scale,
monetization and segmentation.

USAA adds to our scale of existing clients and our exclusive wealth management referral arrangement that
we have with USAA continues adding scale for us and should be effective for years to come.

Motif delivers highly-talented technologists, along with a platform that is helping accelerate our efforts to
deliver thematic investing as well as direct indexing to investors and advisers. And of course that will, in
time, contribute to our efforts around monetization that is good for clients.

Wasmer Schroeder accomplishes a similar goal, monetization that's good for our clients, but with maybe a
more traditional approach to investment solutions in the fixed income area. And of course, their expertise
in tax-smart fixed-income investing is likely to prove especially valuable as tax rates potentially become an
increasingly important consideration for investors after the election.

Of course, the TD Ameritrade acquisition not only builds tremendous scale, but it also delivers outstanding
capabilities that serve our segmentation objective. We know that they had a best-in-class platform for
traders, several capabilities that are highly valued within the investment adviser community also.

This slide graphically illustrates the scale impact of the TD Ameritrade acquisition. Also, it shows the
powerful combination of our firms with net new assets in excess of $75 billion and almost 1.5 million
new brokerage accounts in the third quarter alone, keeping in mind that the third quarter included tax
payments, unlike in most years. Now Peter is going to speak a little bit later regarding the near-term and
longer-term financial benefits of our transaction, but for now, I will simply say that they are significant.

Now as strong as our asset gathering and overall financial performance has been, we see many untapped
opportunities to drive significant asset and revenue growth by leveraging our scale, better monetizing
assets in ways that are good for clients, and developing leading offers for key segments of our client base.
M&A has played an important role in pursuing these initiatives, but M&A activity is only one way that will
drive these efforts forward, with all 3 key initiatives contributing to our strong growth.

Through the first 3 quarters of 2020, and of course this is looking exclusively at Schwab results, clients
entrusted us with core net new assets in excess of $160 billion, a 5% organic growth rate which is
consistent with our long term results. Included in there is an all-time monthly record for the month of
September with $20 billion in core net new assets.

I remember when we reached $2 trillion in firm-wide assets. The #1 question I received was always --
could Schwab continue to capture an organic net new asset growth rate in that 5% to 7% range even on
such a large base? Of course, we were confident that we could back then and we remain equally confident
today.

Now to be sure, we talk about a range because as we all recognize that there will be some variability
driven by market conditions as well as employment conditions, and those contribute to either accelerating
or decelerating money in motion, and therefore new assets in our category. I think what's clear though is
what won't change is our ability to keep winning assets and continue gaining market share regardless of
whatever the environment is around us.

Our organic efforts around scale are also paying dividends in terms of operating efficiency, with almost
2/3 of our client households now digitally active. Over half of the RIAs we serve are leveraging our digital
service capabilities. And over 3/4 of our client base is now enrolled in paperless reporting.

Here is an example of where the pandemic that we're dealing with has actually contributed to more rapid
adoption of digital capabilities. And of course, digital adoption and digital initiatives are what I like to
refer to as triple wins. And by that, I mean that they result in a better experience for our clients through
both faster processing as well as a richer overall experience. They contribute to lowering error rates and
also lowering costs for Schwab. And of course, that in turn benefits both our stockholders as well as our
employees, as our employees are able to engage in more value-added interactions with our clients.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Let me emphasize though that adoption of digital does not mean that people, and specifically our branches
and our service centers, don't matter. In fact, arguably they matter as much or more than ever. What
digital adoption does mean is that employees can focus on relationships more than simply processing
transactions. And of course that's exactly what we want, what our clients want and what we mean when
we talk about bringing together really the best of people and technology through our no trade-offs value
proposition.

We've demonstrated that when we offer clients, and this is both on the retail side and on the RIA side,
when we offer them high-quality solutions at very competitive prices, they vote with their feet.

Use of Schwab-managed ETFs is growing again after a slowdown earlier in 2020, largely due to tax loss
harvesting. Clients continue to enroll in our retail advisory programs. We now have assets there exceeding
$360 billion. And clients are increasingly turning to Schwab Bank for their lending needs, with loans up
over 30% from one year ago.

Our success with our asset management and lending products also fuels our confidence in continuing
to extend our capabilities. And part of that is ensuring that third-party managers provide appropriate
compensation for the many services that we provide them and the investors who invest in their products
through our platform.

These types of efforts will further diversify our model and decrease our reliance on spread-based
revenue, and whether it's from ongoing negotiations with fund complexes that rely on Schwab to provide
shareholder servicing without helping us cover those costs, to substantial opportunities in thematic
investing and direct indexing, to the growth opportunity in the area of retail advisory services, and last but
not least, to the opportunity to deliver premier fixed income advisory to clients at a great value through
in-house Wasmer Schroeder.

At the same time, we're working hard to build and deliver increasingly segmented capabilities to delight
clients of all sizes and types, whether they are targeted at newer younger investors, which certainly gets a
lot of press today. New and creative ways to invest in a more customized or personalized manner through
themes and direct indexing. Better serving the fastest-growing segment of our retail business, which is
high net worth and ultra-high net worth investors. Creating new and more streamlined experiences for
independent investment advisers that we serve. And of course we serve all size investment advisers,
large, small and in between.

As I've said for a number of years, the future in our industry, in our view, belongs to the organizations that
deliver a no trade-offs approach to investing, great value transparency and trust, omnichannel service, a
single place to meet all of an investors' needs, all of this from a company that is both a challenger to the
rest of the industry as well as a beacon of confidence due to our size and scale.

In our words, it's no trade-offs, no limits, and all done Through Clients' Eyes. At Schwab, we call that
modern wealth management. And we think that uniquely defines Schwab and is only achievable by a firm
with our size, scale and importantly, our focus.

In our view, our capabilities, our rather simple strategy, our enormous scale, our culture of service and
our commitment as a challenger company to continue disrupting to benefit investors and advisers, is a
combination that no one else in the market can match.

And our transfer of account or asset figures tell the story better than I ever could, attracting $2 from core
competitors for every dollar they take from us. Strong results versus the global banks and wire houses
at 2.2:1. Strong results versus the independent broker-dealers at 1.8:1. And exceptionally strong results
versus the monoline fintech companies that we're asked about so frequently at a ratio of over 200:1, all
contributing to a firm-wide TOA ratio of 2:1. And as successful as both TD Ameritrade and Schwab have
been in taking share for the past 4 decades, the reality is we still collectively have a very small share of an
enormous wealth management market in the U.S.

So just in closing, we know that we're dealing with record-low interest rates, and those create short-term
headwinds. Eventually, we'll have relief from this pandemic. Eventually, the economy will get fully back
on its feet. Eventually, our belief is that interest rates won't remain at all-time record lows. But in the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

meantime, we won't veer off course. We won't deviate from our Through Clients' Eyes strategy. We won't
stop being on offense with our key strategic initiatives of scale monetization and segmentation. And we
surely won't stop pursuing disruptive actions that benefit clients, the very soul of a challenger.

For those of you who know Schwab well, you know that we don't measure our progress in quarters and
generally not even in years, but rather in decades. And I've never been more optimistic about what the
future decades hold for Schwab.

So I want to transition over to Joe Martinetto. I'm pleased that we're now in a position to begin the
process that actually unleashes the potential from combining Schwab and TD Ameritrade. As all of you
know, Joe is leading that effort, and I know he's looking forward to sharing an initial update on our
integration efforts.

So Joe, let me turn it over to you.

Joseph Raymond Martinetto
Senior EVP & COO

Great. Thanks, Walt. And good morning, everybody. So today, I would characterize my presentation as
more of a cameo than a full update. I'd remind everybody that we just closed the transaction a couple of
weeks ago. And we were able to do a fair amount of integration planning prior to close, but there are a
lot of details that we've just recently been able to share. So while we feel very good about the work we've
done and what we're seeing, we're going to need a little time to firm up the executional plans and financial
implications before we can provide you with that fuller update.

That said, we've already made a number of decisions about platforms and client experience that we'll
share today, and we've also moved quickly to recognize some of the closer in synergies. I'll update you on
those activities as well.

So let's start with the expense synergies first. Just a reminder, our targets at the time of announcement
called for us to realize between $1.8 billion and $2 billion in expense reduction synergies. We've spent
the last 10-plus months developing plans to achieve this level of savings. And by close, we had high level
plans at the business unit level to achieve it. We still believe it will take 18 to 36 months to get through
broker-dealer consolidation, account conversion and the shutdown of all the redundant systems and
functions that are necessary to achieve this level of savings. And I'll have more to say about the time line
in a couple of slides. I'm also focused today on expense synergies as those are likely to occur in a more
material way more quickly than revenue synergies.

So as we've discussed before, the bigger revenue synergies come from the repatriation of the BDA
balances, but we do expect that there will also be revenue synergies that are tied to the account
conversion, when we'll be able to offer the best of both companies' products and services to the combined
client base. Those outcomes will be a little longer coming as we're still operating as 2 separate broker-
dealers today.

With respect to the expense actions, we've already taken steps to achieve between $250 million and $300
million in expense reductions. We've aligned the management structure and across management and
the branch network eliminated over -- or about 1,000 roles. We've moved aggressively to rationalize the
branch network. There was a significant amount of overlap across our footprint, which we're eliminating.
Of their roughly 260 branches, we're retaining about 55. The majority of the rest will co-locate into nearby
Schwab branches where we'll have both Schwab and TD Ameritrade employees.

Our combined branch footprint after the consolidation will be larger with over 400 branches, 140 of which
will be shared through conversion. And 90% of our clients will have a branch within 25 miles, up from
80% before the transaction. We've also closed a number of previously open management positions as well
as reduced our anticipated marketing spend.

While it will take some time to recognize the full level of synergies, we expect to see additional reductions
over the course of the next 36 months. And with the meaningful reductions that I just noted, along

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

with other actions that we plan to take, we're thinking we'll exit the first year after the transaction with
between 1/4 and 1/3 of the expense synergy total in the run rate.

Moving on to some of the platform decisions. As we've said all along, we expect to realize the best of
both when it comes to customer-facing platforms. Both companies have well-regarded and recognized
platforms with very complementary strengths. We expect to leverage the existing Schwab websites and
mobile applications for investors, independent advisers and automated investing solutions.

We'll be adding the thinkorswim web and mobile experiences for traders and supplementing the adviser
experience with the trading and rebalancing capabilities from TD Ameritrade's adviser platform. That
said, we expect that there will be changes to all of these platforms that we'll need to make for a seamless
experience for our combined clients.

For example, the trading experience on schwab.com will evolve a bit to serve the more active traders from
TD Ameritrade who prefer to use the web. The Schwab Advisor Center will incorporate more integrations
with third-party platforms to accommodate the advisers who use services where we don't currently have
an easy-to-use integration.

I promised I'd have more to say about the time line for integration earlier, and I'd like to remind folks
that this is an extraordinarily complex integration. Both firms are large in their own rights. And when you
combine them and look to add the headroom that's necessary to handle potential spikes in activity, there's
a geometric effect on the capacity necessary to run the firm safely.

While we're availing ourselves of our own recent experience with integration as well as the expertise
available to us as part of the team that's joining from TD Ameritrade, and we're eager to get to full
synergy recognition, but we of course have to balance that with the client experience considerations. We
want this to be an incredibly smooth experience for all of our clients, both retail investors and advisers.
And we expect to continue to serve the vast majority of them long past integration.

At this point, I'll turn the mic over to Peter, and he'll give you the details on how all of this works into the
financial picture.

Peter Brooks Crawford
Executive VP & CFO

All right. Well, thank you very much, Joe. It's certainly great to have you back here at the business update
even if it is, in your words, a cameo appearance.

So Walt and Joe talked about the excitement we feel about the TD Ameritrade acquisition and our
confidence in how it will benefit clients, stockholders and our combined team of employees. We talked
about the strong momentum we continue to enjoy in the marketplace in spite of the challenging conditions
in which we operate, and the progress we're making in executing on our strategy around leveraging our
scale, capturing monetization opportunities that benefit clients and creating leading experiences for key
segments of our client base.

In my time today, I'll talk about how that momentum helped to partially offset the current challenging
market environment and especially the pressure from low interest rates. I'll also share with you the
operating and financial results for TD Ameritrade for the quarter ended September 30, which demonstrate
that we are joining forces with a very, very healthy business, whose continued momentum in this
environment leads both to stronger financial performance and an even more resilient business model. And
finally, I'll provide an update on our Q4 outlook, incorporating TD Ameritrade for the first time and some --
and also provide some initial thoughts on 2021.

And I think the overall message you'll hear is that we're clearly well aware of the environmental challenges
we face, some of which are clearly impacting our financial results. And we recognize there may be some
difficult weeks and months ahead. But at the same time, we couldn't be more optimistic and more
confident about the future for this company and feel like we have crossed a bit of an inflection point.
Given our strong momentum in the market, our early experience and successes with the TD Ameritrade

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

acquisition and integration; and finally the progress we're making, both organically and via M&A around
our strategic priorities.

We talk a lot around here about focusing on what we can control. We can't control the equity markets,
whose recent performance has become a tailwind for us. And we cannot control the interest rate
environment, clearly a very formidable headwind, but what we can control is that no trade-offs positioning
that Walt talked about, which when coupled with high investor engagement, has led to enormous year-
over-year increases in new to firm retail households. And in a business built on trust, we also work really
hard to maintain that trust, giving our clients confidence in entrusting their assets with us, including their
uninvested cash, which is up over 50% year-over-year.

Given that mix of some tailwinds and some strong interest rate headwinds, it's not surprising that our
revenue was down 10% year-over-year in the third quarter. This was entirely due to an 18% decline in net
interest revenue. Average interest-earning assets rose a remarkable 45% year-over-year, but that wasn't
enough to overcome a 105 basis point reduction in our net interest margin due to Fed cuts, an increase in
premium and amortization, and the impact of investing nearly $100 billion of new cash at rates lower than
our average portfolio yield.

Asset management and admin fees were up 4% year-over-year despite the return this year of money fund
waivers, which totaled $44 million in the quarter. And trading was down 12% despite a more than doubling
of trading activity due of course to last year's commission reductions.

Now expenses were up roughly 6%, but that would have been only about 2% without the acquisition
and integration expenses for TD Ameritrade -- for TD Ameritrade and the incremental acquired intangible
amortization related to the USAA transaction, Motif and Wasmer acquisitions. And even that modest
adjusted expense growth includes the ongoing expenses of those 3 new businesses, which together
contributed a little more than 2 percentage points of growth.

Put it all together and we delivered a 36% pretax margin and a 39% adjusted pretax margin, a 10%
return on equity and a 12% return on tangible common equity, which continues to be adversely impacted
by a now $5.7 billion net unrealized gain within our available for sale portfolio.

Our balance sheet continues to grow, due both to our substantial organic growth and client allocation
decisions. As we said previously, we typically see client cash on the balance sheet increase more quickly
when interest rates are low. As clients see less benefit in utilizing purchase money funds, CDs and other
fixed income instruments, leaving more cash in their accounts and a greater portion of that cash in our
bank and broker-dealer sweep options.

Following the huge surge in client cash at the end of the first quarter, we have seen somewhat slower
but still quite robust growth in sweep cash balances during the last 2 quarters, including a 6% sequential
increase in Q3. That balance sheet growth reduced our tier 1 leverage ratio to 5.7% for the third quarter.
And while that's below our operating objective of 6.75% to 7%, it's still well above the regulatory
minimum. And as I'll discuss in a moment, the TD Ameritrade acquisition is quite helpful in enabling us to
rebuild our capital ratios more quickly than we would be able to do otherwise.

Now the concern whenever you buy a business and have an extended time frame between signing and
close, is what is the state of that business when you finally take over? Judging by the operating and
financial results for TD Ameritrade in the quarter ended September 30, it's clear we're bringing on board
a very, very healthy business and one that is performing exceptionally well in the current environment.
And for that, I think we certainly should thank the thousands of TD Ameritrade employees who've been
working so hard over the last 10, 12 months.

Now before I run through a few highlights from the TD Ameritrade's stellar quarter, a public service
announcement, or promotional announcement as Rich noted at the outset, there are additional stand-
alone operating and financial information for TD Ameritrade has been posted to the financial report section
of Schwab's Investor Relations site.

Now you can see the strong operating metrics here, highlighted by significant momentum in the market,
20% increase in net new assets and greater than 300% increase in net new funded accounts, and positive

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

indicators of course of investor engagement with a 355% increase in trading activity and a 23% increase
in average margin balances. That substantial business growth and higher investor engagement translated
into robust financial performance. Revenue up 5% as the surge in trading and margin balances more than
offset the impact of lower interest rates. Operating expense is down 2%, and operating margin above
50%. And a 16% increase in earnings per share to $1.16.

While both firms have been performing quite well independently, the combination creates an even
more resilient and potent company. Merging our financial results for the third quarter would suggest a
company with over $4 billion in revenue, a pretax margin of 45%-plus and approximately $53 billion in
stockholders' equity. And the mix of revenue of course is different than what Schwab has experienced in
the recent past, with just over 50% coming from spread-based revenue net interest revenue and what you
see on the pie chart as the BDA fees, 24% coming from asset management and admin fees, and now 21%
come from trading.

Now those of you who have followed the company for a long time have heard many of us, myself included,
talk about our lack of reliance on trading as being a good thing. But that was when trading was facing
secular headwinds in the form of ever decreasing equity commissions. With that pricing erosion now
largely off the table, the greater exposure to trading is clearly a benefit as it increases our diversification,
adds less capital-intensive revenue streams and creates an even more all-weather business model, as is
being demonstrated in the current environment.

Now this year has clearly unfolded differently than the way any of us anticipated several quarters ago
and even relative to the scenario we shared back in April. The equity markets have continued to rise
much more quickly. The interest rates, both short and long term, remain at historically low levels. Trading
activity on the other hand has provided a nice lift. And our balance sheet growth has already surpassed
the upper end of the range we've communicated.

Our performance to date reflects that mix of tailwinds and one very stiff headwind. Revenue has been
tracking a little bit on the lower end of the range. Despite key drivers of our workload all increasing
sharply, new accounts, trades, calls, et cetera, we've managed to limit adjusted expense growth to the
lower end of the range. And in doing so have produced an adjusted pretax margin just above 40% year-
to-date.

Of course, the scenarios we shared previously excluded the impact of TD Ameritrade. But with the closing
now behind us, we're in a position to communicate a scenario for the fourth quarter which reflects the
combination. So for the full year, we now expect year-over-year revenue growth to be positive 7.5%
to 8%. And that assumes modest market appreciation from levels of late last week, earlier this week;
continued elevated trading; and stabilizing prepayment fees.

It's also based off an expectation that net interest margin for the fourth quarter should be in the 150
basis point range, plus or minus, and perhaps 10 basis points or more above where our average for
Q3, a function of absorbing TD Ameritrade's non-BDA-related interest-earning assets, particularly its
margin book, onto our balance sheet. And for those of you familiar with the way that TD Ameritrade has
historically reported NIM, I note that our measure of NIM excludes those BDA balances.

We'd anticipate full year adjusted total expense growth to be 15.5% to 16.5%. That includes roughly 4%
year-over-year growth for the Schwab stand-alone business, consistent with the scenario we discussed
back in July. It also reflects the initial synergy realization that Joe described earlier in his update. But of
course it excludes acquisition integration costs. And as a reminder, we currently anticipate roughly 30%
to 35% of the total integration spend to occur in the first 12 months post-closing. Those numbers also
exclude any amortization of acquired intangibles, which we expect will be roughly $445 million in the
fourth quarter. So putting it all together, this scenario would result in a 25% to 35% accretion in adjusted
EPS relative to our Q3 results.

Turning our attention to the balance sheet. We'd expect our balance sheet to grow by a bit over 70%,
driven by the addition of TD Ameritrade's $70 billion balance sheet and continued growth in client cash
balances, which typically see even higher flows in the fourth quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Now the acquisition not only is immediately and significantly additive to EPS, it's also immediately
accretive to our capital ratios as well. Now I mentioned earlier that our Q3 tier 1 leverage ratio was 5.7%
based off of average assets. And the spot ratio, given the fact that the balances grew over the quarter
based off of end-of-period assets, was probably 10 to 15 basis points lower. But the acquisition of TD
Ameritrade immediately boost that spot tier 1 leverage ratio to nearly 6%.

And the capital benefit from the acquisition extends beyond the closing date. Given our desire to keep the
ratio preferred to tier 1 capital below 25% and the absence of preferred equity in TD Ameritrade's capital
stack, the acquisition creates additional preferred capacity which we'd expect to access in the coming
quarters. And by adding incremental earnings, the acquisition increases our organic capital formation as
well.

Despite the interest rate environment, we're feeling very excited and very confident as we look ahead to
2021. We expect the momentum that both firms have enjoyed to lay the foundation for continued success
next year. And the financial benefits that we expect to reveal themselves in our Q4 results should continue
to build as we capture more of the expense and revenue synergies.

And while we'll share our scenarios for 2021 at the February business update as we always do, we hope
you can appreciate the potent firm we've created here. $6 trillion in client assets, 29 million brokerage
accounts, and $6.5 billion to $7 billion of adjusted pretax income, just annualizing our combined third
quarter and potential fourth quarter results.

And importantly, with interest rates and prepayment speeds appearing to stabilize, we can see after
several quarterly declines in net interest revenue, the potential for sequential increases in NIR, assuming
we continue to see organic growth in client sweep cash balances consistent with recent months as well as
similar levels of margin balances.

And even as we work hard to integrate TD Ameritrade as quickly and as effectively as possible, we'll
also further advance our strategies around scale, monetization and segmentation. And finally, we're ever
mindful of our capital position, ensuring that we have adequate capital to support the organic growth of
our balance sheet as well as the transfers from the IDA, which can begin as early as July 1 of next year.

Let me close with a few thoughts. We have spent a lot of time discussing the acquisition of TD Ameritrade,
and clearly with good reason. We couldn't be more excited about what it means for this company, for
our clients and for our stockholders. While it's true that the acquisition marks a new chapter in Schwab's
history, it's also only a piece of the story. We're still pushing forward aggressively on multiple other fronts
that Walt described, capturing opportunities to better serve our clients, confronting our competition head
on, and doubling down on our efforts to drive greater efficiency and productivity throughout our business.

And while it's also true that the acquisition is transformative, increasing our scale, broadening our
capabilities, it won't fundamentally change who we are or how we operate, our focus on clients, the
discipline with which we manage the business, our fundamental financial formula and our long term
orientation. This is what has made us successful for over 4 decades, and we're confident it will enable us
to be successful in the next decades to come.

With that, let me turn it to Rich for some questions. Thank you.

Richard G. Fowler
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
All right. Thank you all. We'll go to Q&A now. Operator, would you like to start us off on how to pose
questions?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.

Daniel Thomas Fannon
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

So a lot of factors have changed since the deal was announced when we think about rates, client
engagement, asset levels. It seems like you're reiterating the expense synergies that you've outlined or
originally outlined. But I assume some of the areas of potential revenue and/or expense reduction have
changed, given the external factors that have happened between announcement and close. So if you could
talk about that and ultimately accretion from how you originally stated to where it sits now?

Peter Brooks Crawford
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Dan. So let me take that -- and this is Peter. Let me take that in a couple of ways. First, the near-
term accretion math has gotten better, frankly, in the last year, given the relative earnings trajectory of
both TD Ameritrade and Schwab.

In terms of the synergy realization, I would say that, if anything, the synergy opportunity has increased.
On the cost synergy side, despite the environmental changes, if you will, I don't think our thinking around
the cost synergy opportunity has fundamentally shifted. We still think that those numbers are very
achievable and largely are to be derived in the similar places that we had expected a year ago.

On the revenue side, Joe mentioned that a large portion of the revenue synergies are coming from
rebanking the balances in the IDA. Those balances at the time of the acquisition were, I think, roughly
$115 billion, and today they're over $150 billion.

So that benefits us in a couple of ways. One, as you may recall, we got a 10 basis point improvement in
the net fee there. So that's now applied over a larger base of balances immediately.

And then second is that's more cash than we can bring on to the balance sheet. And every time we do
that, we're picking up spread revenue -- incremental spread revenues as we do. So I think that has been
as a positive as well.

I also think that as we've dug in and spent more time looking at the business and understanding more
about the business, we see other opportunities, other sort of maybe smaller revenue opportunities where
we can leverage both firms being together to capture incremental revenue. Probably more to talk about
those in the future. But we -- but I would say, if anything, our confidence, our excitement, our enthusiasm
about this has only increased in the last year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Will Nance with Goldman Sachs.

William Alfred Nance
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Maybe I could start off with a quick question on balance sheet growth from here. If I think about kind of
pro forma for Ameritrade, and this is rough math, but it seems like the percentage of your client cash that
is now on balance sheet is in kind of the 50% ballpark. And that's kind of in the backdrop of that being
below the long-term average, all-time low rates, loss of liquidity, money markets being kind of flat to even
shrinking.

So when we think about the tailwind of BDA sweeps going forward as well as what you could call reverse
sorting in the lower rate environment, do you think we could be talking about something like double-digit

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

balance sheet growth for the next couple of years, as we kind of rebase the allocation of cash between on-
and off-balance sheet?

Walter William Bettinger
President, CEO & Director

It sounds like a Peter question.

Peter Brooks Crawford
Executive VP & CFO

That does sound like a Peter question. So Will, the 2 things that -- or the 3 -- I guess the 3 dynamics
that tend to drive the balance sheet growth organically, and I'll -- if you look at legacy Schwab, one is
the interest rate environment. And in a lower interest rate environment as I mentioned, our clients are
less apt to avail themselves of purchase money funds and CDs. There's just not as much of a yield pickup
and not as much of a benefit for them to do that. So they're more likely to leave that cash sitting in their
account on our balance sheet.

Second of course is our organic growth because a certain portion of the net new assets we bring every
quarter, every year comes in the form of cash. And then third is clients' relative sentiment about the
equity markets, whether they are buying more equities or selling equities. Of course, that is -- that's
harder to predict going forward than perhaps those first 2 items.

So you can imagine, certainly, in this low interest rate environment, you can imagine, as we've seen our
balance sheet has grown at a pace post the end of the first quarter when we obviously saw that huge
surge at an annualized pace in the double digits. You certainly can imagine a scenario where that would
continue into the next -- as long as those interest rates remain low.

Now if interest rates were to increase, one would expect that, that pace of balance sheet growth would
come down. And if clients get more bullish on the equity markets, that would, on the margin, tend to slow
the pace of balance sheet growth as well.

William Alfred Nance
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Got it. That's very helpful. And then, secondly, kind of on the same topic, I'll keep asking Peter questions.
The -- as we think about the continued growth in the securities portfolio, you've had a big opportunity
over the past year or so to continue to shift the mix towards fixed-rate securities and away from the
floating-rate allocation.

Just maybe looking for an update on how long that can kind of continue when you would kind of need
to start keeping that balance in line? And what the rates on those sorts of securities look like in today's
environments, I guess, from a credit spread perspective?

Peter Brooks Crawford
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So we're at about -- we're about 85/15 now fixed to floating on our investment portfolio. We feel like
that's probably about the right place to be. So I would say that you'd see us look to probably maintain
that pretty close. That leads us to a duration in the upper 3s.

In terms of the rates, reinvestment rates on the fixed portion are in the 90 to 105 basis point range today.
And of course that varies on a weekly, if not daily basis, but sort of in that general range.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mike Carrier with Bank of America.

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Walt, it seems like you guys offer great value in many areas, and you've been innovative in the different
offerings. But one of the things you mentioned is kind of on the higher wealth side, like the RIAs. And
when you think about the more holistic and full-service types of offerings, how do you think about Schwab
offering, say lending, insurance or other offerings that can be increasingly in demand? Meaning, you think
about that on a proprietary basis, third parties, but wanted to get your thoughts there.

Walter William Bettinger
President, CEO & Director

You're referring on the retail side or on the RIA side? Or both?

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Both, but I would say probably you're going to see more demand through the RIAs.

Walter William Bettinger
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So we certainly see growth on both sides. Of course, the RIA business continues to have exceptional
organic growth. But also on the retail side, as I mentioned, the fastest-growing segment of clients for us
is high net worth and ultra-high net worth clients. Now they tend to be a little bit of a different kind of
client if you were trying to categorize them, in that the ones who come to us on the retail side tend to
maybe be a bit more self-directed. Maybe they come from the financial world and they're accustomed to
managing money or managing their own money. Whereas on the RIA side, they tend to be more of relying
on a professional investment adviser to help them manage their money.

But both are growing fairly rapidly. And our plan is to continue to add the services and capabilities that
the high net worth and ultra high net worth investor wants, even with, again, the different approach to
managing money that generally occurs on the retail side and the RIA side. Segmented services, dedicated
relationship capabilities, access to the type of products that both of those types of high net worth and ultra
net worth investors want.

Interestingly enough, when we talk to the ones on the retail side, they made a specific decision to come
to Schwab, and they would like to stay at Schwab and consolidate assets at Schwab. But we have to make
sure that we can deliver for them the type of service experience that they expect, given their significant
level of assets.

So we will continue to expand those capabilities to meet their needs. The retail ones are at Schwab
because they want to be at Schwab. The ones served by RIAs are there because that's the best fit for
them.

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Great. Okay. And then, Peter, just one clarification. I think you mentioned the NIM for the fourth quarter
around the 150. I don't know if you had to break out between Schwab and Ameritrade. And not looking
for that going forward, but just given the moving pieces this quarter. I don't know if you can provide some
context on the moving pieces.

Peter Brooks Crawford
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So we did on that page, you'll see the incremental benefit on NIM of the TD Ameritrade acquisition.
I think we said it's round, I think, 19 basis points. So that would imply kind of low 130s for the legacy
Schwab business.

Again, that's a function if you look -- if you think back to the factors that have impacted NIM over the last
couple of quarters, it's been the declining short-term rates. It's been an increase in premium amortization.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

It's been declining credit spreads. And then it's been a huge, huge increase in cash balances that we've
reinvested at rates that were lower than our overall average portfolio yield.

Those credit spreads have largely stabilized. Short-term rates of course has stabilized. Less -- right now,
there's less cash to invest in the spread on between -- the difference between the rates we're investing at
versus what were the average portfolio yield that delta has come down. And we wouldn't expect from here
a further big step increase in premium amortization.

So we think that the NIM, while it may come down from Q3 to Q4, it seems unlikely to be as big. Again,
I'm just talking about the legacy Schwab business. It's not likely to be nearly as big as what it was from
Q2 to Q3.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

So I wanted to start with a question just on the election impact. There's some speculation that "Blue
Wave" could drive steeper yield curve, which will certainly be beneficial, but also could come with a cost
of either increase in tax rates and tougher regulation whether it's DOL, transaction tax, higher capital
requirements for banks, which will clearly present some headwinds.

I was hoping you can just provide some perspective on how you're thinking about the different election
scenarios and what the potential implications could be.

Richard G. Fowler
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay. Maybe, Walt, would you like to start us off on that? And then maybe Peter can pick up after.

Walter William Bettinger
President, CEO & Director

Sure. I think most of our emphasis right now is on making sure that we're here for our clients during
what could prove to be a volatile election period. It's -- I would say that our capability to speculate on the
outcome of this election is no better than anyone else's. And so I don't think we are planning on strategic
changes at this point in time. I think all the things that you mentioned are accurate, if in fact you get the
outcome for the election that you referenced. And we would, at that point in time, have to figure out how
the interplay between a steeper yield curve as well as some of the less favorable things for our business
that you mentioned, if they end up occurring.

But right now, all the emphasis is really around making sure that we have system availability, capacity,
service for our clients as we go into a period that could be very volatile and maybe an extended period
before we know the outcome of the election, at least for some offices.

Peter, I don't know if you have anything you want to add to that?

Peter Brooks Crawford
Executive VP & CFO

I think you answered it well, Walt. I guess I would just say that I think we have shown our ability to
prosper in different environments and different administrations over our 40-something years as long as we
continue to focus on clients. I think folks at home can do the math on what changes in corporate tax rates
might do or changes in the long end of the curve. That's not really any mystery, I think.

But for the long-term and the way that we manage this business, it's as what Walt says, is really
continuing to focus on our clients, continue to execute on our strategy. And we think we benefit from a lot
of the secular trends that are taking shape in our industry. And so we think that will continue to benefit us
regardless of the administration and the political environment.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

And just for my follow-up, I wanted to ask on capital. Following the deal, you -- or at least with the
completion of the deal, you spoke to the capital accretion, Peter, and the additional preferred capacity
getting you back well above 6%. But just given your target of 6 3/4 to 7, coupled with the fact that you
continue to see really strong organic cash growth, it looks like by the time you can onboard the BDA in
July of next year, that you're still going to be below that target level. I was hoping you could speak to how
you're managing through those capital constraints, how it might impact the decision-making to onboard
BDA as quickly, and how you're just balancing that pace with a commensurate capital drag.

Peter Brooks Crawford
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean I think, certainly, our intention is to bring those balances onto our balance sheet starting in
July 1 of next year. We do have various levers at our disposal around capital. We want to make sure we
have enough capital to support the organic growth of our balance sheet. I think that's why I think it's
reasonable to expect us to access the preferred market.

But I don't think you should assume that if we're not at, let's say, 6.75% in tier 1 leverage of July 1 of
next year, that means we're not going to bring on those balances. We certainly could do that even if we're
short of -- we certainly would expect we could do that if we're -- if we're short of that level.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Maybe just to start with the interest rate headwind dynamic, Peter, you mentioned the 90 to 105 basis
points fixed reinvestment rates. I was wondering if you could share the floating reinvestment rates if you
continue to keep that at 15%. And then, any commentary on money market fee waivers into 4Q, given the
exit run rate was higher than the entry run rate in 3Q?

Peter Brooks Crawford
Executive VP & CFO

So on the money fund fee waivers, it wouldn't surprise us to see a bit of a pickup between Q3 and Q4.
As you said, we're exiting a little bit of a higher pace. Of course, it depends on how much -- what the
balances are in money funds. And as we continue to see balances, the balances of most purchase money
funds go down, that would obviously reduce the amount of fee waivers. But I think an increase between
Q3 and Q4 is reasonable to expect. And that's based -- that's built into that full year revenue outlook that
we had provided earlier.

In terms of floating rate yields, I mean I think it's -- I want to say it's in the 40s, somewhere in that range
right now for what we're buying. Of course, that depends on whether it's -- I mean a lot of the credit that
we tend to purchase is floating rate. And so the yields there tend to be a lot higher of course than when
we're buying some agencies. So we are in a pretty wide spread there.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. Got it. And then a question for Walt, I guess longer term on the interest rate dynamic. If we are in
a lower rate environment for much longer than anyone thinks, I guess what are your thoughts on slowly
migrating the revenue mix away from interest rate-sensitive types of areas? And how do you -- how are
you thinking it's possible to build those more sustainable fee revenue areas? And maybe that weaves into
some of the revenue synergies that I'm sure you'll talk about more in February. But I guess how are you
thinking about trying to change that mix, if at all?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Walter William Bettinger
President, CEO & Director

Well, I think we do have a longer-term goal of striving for a balance between spread income and
other forms of revenue. And of course that plays out in 2 of our 3 strategic initiatives very clearly in
monetization and segmentation.

And the thing that I would just emphasize is that all of our monetization efforts, we want to ensure are
done in terms of them being good for clients. But you can see them unfolding before you, whether it's
the acquisition of the technology and the talent from Motif, the acquisition of Wasmer Schroeder, the
negotiations that we are having with firms who effectively capitalize on our platform. And We provide
services that they would otherwise have to provide, but yet don't provide any offsetting compensation for
those services.

These are all in line with actions that we're taking as well as continuing to build our advisory solution. But
again, the overriding in all of those moves will be to ensure that anything we do is the right thing for our
clients.

But we are confident that we can drive toward a more balanced scenario in the world you described where
rates stay lower for longer. Of course, if rates do turn and go up or the yield curve steepens, our spread
income can increase quite dramatically quite quickly. And of course that would make it more challenging.
But I think we're fairly confident in our plans to get to a more balanced approach within a reasonable
period of time and are taking, I think, all prudent actions to get there.

Operator

Our next question comes from Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.

Devin Patrick Ryan
JMP Securities LLC, Research Division

I guess first question here just on expenses, and I know we're going to get a finer point on this. But if
we think beyond the immediate $250 million to $300 million in synergies here, if you can just help us
maybe bridge a bit to the $1.8 billion to $2 billion and just remind us of some of the key milestones that
are going to be required to hit those types of levels?

And just also if you can, whether you're feeling kind of the same around the timing here? Because
obviously the range is the same, but a lot has changed as was previously stated. So just trying to think
about the timing of expense synergies relative to what you guys were thinking when the deal was
announced.

Joseph Raymond Martinetto
Senior EVP & COO

Sure. This is Joe again. So I would say there is very little that's changed in our thinking around how to
recognize the synergies. And clearly the companies continue to operate. And to the extent that we've had
some very active service level requirements and those kinds of things this year, both companies have
added some staff to take advantage of that.

But those kinds of changes haven't had a material impact on the way we've been thinking about actually
achieving the synergies. So the first pass-through was predominantly focused on senior and executive
level management and branches.

Over the nearer term, there will be a series of other functions that as we look to continue to consolidate
predominantly in headquarters types rules, and as you get through things like converting to a single HR
platform there is gainings both on the technology and on the people side that come with those kind of
activities. And those will occur over the course of the next couple of years.

A little further out is when you actually get kind of another opportunity to get a bigger bang in expense
synergies when you get to that point, or we get to that point, of being able to do the account conversion.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

There are a lot of synergies tied up in moving to a single broker-dealer from 2 broker-dealers. And there's
a material amount of reduction, some in staff to support, but a lot across things like technology platforms,
real estate footprint. They come down once we get to the place where we can really get to a single broker-
dealer and run on a single platform.

And then I would say there's a little bit of cleanup that goes on past that big bang date as we move to
full retirement of some of those platforms and systems and just the cleanup work that doesn't come
immediately upon conversion.

So get a couple of big events in there that will drive some bigger reductions. But we do expect that over
the course of the next 36 months that you will see continuous recognition of synergies over time, maybe
not completely evenly over that window. But you should see continued progress over time as we work our
way through the consolidation.

Devin Patrick Ryan
JMP Securities LLC, Research Division

Okay. You gave perfect color. And then just a follow-up here, Walt walked through some of the account
growth metrics, and just terrific momentum here in the business.

I'm curious, just with the deal closing, whether there's been any change in trajectory within either
business on the retail side or institutional side? And also just with the RIA custody, whether, I guess, more
what you're telling advisers? I mean especially advisers that have assets and accounts custodied on both
platforms.

And then, just I'm curious kind of whether it's just business as usual, or if there's anything else that's
going to change just with the deal formally closing here?

Joseph Raymond Martinetto
Senior EVP & COO

I'll step in there on that one. I think we've seen business as usual with maybe one adjustment. And that
is that there are a number of TD Ameritrade service advisers who would like to go ahead and make the
switch over to the Schwab platform at this point in time, rather than wait for us to do that as part of the
integration. But we -- the notion that there is some significant movement, if you're getting at that, of RIAs
unhappy with the combination and therefore making moves elsewhere, is simply not being backed up by
the facts. If they were, they would have shown up in the TOA metrics that I shared with you. So that was
part of why I showed you those numbers.

The clients are excited. They know that we are committed to ending up with a winning platform for them
that integrates the best of Schwab and the best of Ameritrade, as Bernie Clark likes to say, that it's not
going to be one platform or another winning. It's going to be a new platform that combines the best of all.
And the RIAs that we talk with are really excited about being a part of that, being part of an organization
with our scale and size, the ability to help them grow and as well as protect the client's assets.

So it's been all business as usual to positive, if I were to try to summarize it.

Operator

Our next question comes from Chris Shutler with William Blair.

Christopher Charles Shutler
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Any early update on the revenue dissynergies which you had outlined, particularly payment for order
flow. I'm not -- I'm sure you've had a chance to kind of at least get an early look at the extent to which
Ameritrade's greater order routing revenues due to product mix, technology or just different philosophies.

Joseph Raymond Martinetto
Senior EVP & COO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

So I'd say that's one of those areas where we weren't able to get into a lot of detail prior to close for
competitive purposes. So we are parsing that data today. If anything, I'd say we probably feel a little bit
more optimistic about our ability to maintain the majority of that revenue than we did prior to close. But
it's still a little early for us to get into a lot of detail on exactly how that's going to play out.

Christopher Charles Shutler
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Okay. And then just one other one on the pricing landscape or marketing landscape. Walt, you noted a few
quarters ago that you had seen some increased competition around some of the offers that some larger
banks were offering to try to drive client acquisition. Just any update on that front would be great.

Walter William Bettinger
President, CEO & Director

Sure. I mean it remains a highly competitive market, and there is some activity around paying cash
in order to get balances. So that is still an activity that exists and continues to be an activity that we
have questions about. It's a long-term logic for companies that intend to be independent and staying in
the market over time. And I would just say that I guess I would add I remain optimistic that a rational
business leadership moves to rational and economically rational decision-making over time.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brennan Hawken with UBS.

Brennan Hawken
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So it seems as though near-term accretion from the deal is better, but it didn't sound like you were
changing the long term. In fact it sounded like from an expense perspective, you specifically didn't change
the long term. But is it right for us to assume that the experience that you're having here in the early days
is applicable, and that the better-than-expected accretion off the bat therefore would also translate into
better accretion in total? Or is it just that things are happening maybe a little sooner than expected, and
it's just timing?

Sorry, if you touched on it. It just wasn't completely clear to me.

Peter Brooks Crawford
Executive VP & CFO

I'll try to talk about -- I'll try to answer that. And maybe, Joe, you may need to add on to that.

I guess I would say is we are very, very excited about this deal. We're excited about this deal from an
accretion standpoint. But I think even more importantly than that, we're excited about this deal, and what
this means for us long term and our ability -- the position we have in the market and the way that we can
serve clients.

Certainly, the math is compelling. The math is compelling again in the near term because of the accretion.
And over the longer term, because of the revenue and expense synergies that Joe has talked about and
I've talked about on previous calls.

I think those numbers have, on the revenue side as I mentioned, have gotten bigger. On the cost side,
they're probably similar, but certainly nothing to suggest they've gotten any smaller. Maybe over time,
they'll -- perhaps we'll discover more there.

But I think also, one of the things we've discovered is just the compatibility between the 2 organizations
and over the last several months and bringing these 2 teams together. And the alignment that we have
around our focus on clients and that cultural compatibility is so very, very important on a complex
integration like this. And so that's also made us very, very enthusiastic and excited about the future as
well.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

So I think on every dimension, we're feeling very, very enthusiastic about the acquisition.

Operator

Our next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.

Craig William Siegenthaler
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I just -- following your June acquisition of Motif, we wanted to see if we get an update on the timing
behind a direct indexing launch? And also, do you have plans to launch the capability first to the RIA
channel, or potentially both to retail and advisers at the same time?

Walter William Bettinger
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Craig, so I'll take that. And unfortunately, this is going to be one of those questions I'll just say
upfront, I'm not going to answer to your satisfaction. We're not going to discuss timing on the introduction
for competitive reasons, nor are we going to discuss which organizations might go first. But we certainly
have every intention of making it available to both. That will be used slightly differently by retail and by
the RIA. And so the determinant will be not trying to benefit one segment of our business over another, it
will just be which one we can get it to quicker because of the way they'll utilize the product.

Operator

Our next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.

Christopher Meo Harris
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Yes, just a couple of clarifying questions on the synergies. Should we be assuming the account conversion
is a year 2 event?

And then the $250 million to $300 million you guys are unveiling today, are those going to be realized
very quickly, like in a few months? Or is that more of a gradual thing to be realized through the year?

Joseph Raymond Martinetto
Senior EVP & COO

So the $250 million to $300 million that we talked about today are already accomplished. They are -- they
will show up in the run rate beginning in Q4. A little bit of timing there in that some of the staff reductions
here have happened through October, but they will start to show in Q4 and be fully embedded in Q1.
Those are done and executed on.

We're not at this point providing target dates for account conversion. But as you start thinking through
some of the other comments here of around 18 to 36 months, and you got to get the account conversion
in that window with the time to be able to do some of the cleanup at the back end to be able to get to
the full synergy number, you can start to back into what some of our thinking is probably around the
conversion date.

Operator

Next question comes from Kyle Voigt with KBW.

Kyle Kenneth Voigt
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

I'm wondering if you can give us an update on the strategy around pricing at clearing conversion? And
specifically I think Joe mentioned that there will be some revenue synergies realized at the conversion
date. I just want to get some more details on those.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

And then, secondly, I'm wondering whether Ameritrade's margin book, which is much higher-yielding right
now, will that migrate towards Schwab's blended rate after conversion? Or will pricing be maintained for
that book thereafter?

Joseph Raymond Martinetto
Senior EVP & COO

So my guess is we will be in a position at that winter business update to provide some more details on
all of these components. From a revenue perspective, I would echo some of Peter's earlier comments to
say that we are pretty enthusiastic about what we're finding, and today thinking through some of the
pricing and recognition implications of decisions that we're going to have to face around how we bring
these organizations together. But I would say we're feeling optimistic about what we're seeing and what
some of the recognition opportunities might look like.

As you look forward to post-conversion, I'd say that a couple of big buckets that we're going to have
to dimensionalize here are around being able to provide some of the better trading opportunities in the
systems that TD Ameritrade has built to the Schwab client base, as well as being able to provide some
of the more extensive wealth management capabilities that Schwab has built is a TD Ameritrade existing
client base. And if I had to guess a little bit today, I would say we might see those trading benefits happen
a little bit faster than wealth management. It is -- wealth management has to be more of a relationship-
type activity that we expect to build over time. We do think that those opportunities are significant, but
may take a little longer to recognize post conversion.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.

Michael J. Cyprys
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I was just hoping for a little bit more color on the net new assets and new customers that are coming over
to Schwab here. I guess what portion would you say are new households coming over to Schwab for the
first time versus say wallet share from existing customers?

And then for those new customers that are coming in the door, I guess where would you say they're
coming from? And as others are also reporting growth and seeing growth in accounts and customers, how
do you sort of think about the profile? And what sort of -- where those customers are coming from, and
the profile of them?

Richard G. Fowler
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Walt, do you want to start us off on new customers?

Walter William Bettinger
President, CEO & Director

Sure. So there's no question there are new entrants into the space, and that is leading to some of the new
household formation. It's partly why we tried to share both net new asset figures, which of course are a
very broad definition, right? They will -- that number is made up of new-to-firm households as well as
existing clients as well as transfers from other financial services or investment services providers.

So I don't know that we historically want to break down the components of that net new assets, but we
try to give you enough metrics to give you a solid understanding. So we report the total net new assets.
We give you the new-to-firm household growth, which I think was on one of the pages that Peter shared.
And of course we give you the transfer numbers, which gives you an idea of whether we are winning or
losing on a net basis relative to competitors with existing clients who may be residing at Schwab and
residing at our competitors.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

So I think we're having success with all 3 of those, as evidenced by our net new assets, including the
record September. And the TOA numbers speak for themselves.

Michael J. Cyprys
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And then just maybe a follow-up on the lending side, just hoping you could just give a little bit more color
around some of the initiatives there? And how meaningful could this be as you look out over the next
couple of years?

Richard G. Fowler
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

On -- sorry, on lending, Mike, was that what it was?

Michael J. Cyprys
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Yes. Just on the lending side, mortgages, pledged asset lines, among other lending products that you guys
have that you're prioritizing or even thinking about bringing to the marketplace.

Richard G. Fowler
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Got it. Peter, do you want to talk to that? And then you can close us out.

Peter Brooks Crawford
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, I can take that. So we're quite pleased with the momentum we have on the lending side. If you look
at, I think, our overall bank loans are up 30% year-over-year. Of course, that's during a, obviously, a
refinancing wave. But with our investor advantage pricing, that has been a huge win with our clients and
our client-facing employees. And just exceptional, exceptional pricing, while still offering an attractive
economic benefit to us and helping us to cement those relationships with our key clients and keep some of
their other firms that would like to do business with them at bay.

I think there's certainly more opportunity there and there's also more opportunity with the pledged
asset line and having greater penetration there. If you look at where we are with Powells, we're certainly
underpenetrated relative to what you see at the wirehouse firms.

And I would say that's true both of our legacy Schwab clients and even more true with the TD Ameritrade
clients, and the opportunity there is very, very fertile. So we're very, very excited, very, very enthusiastic
about our ability to continue to grow that in a way that is very consistent with our strategy.

I think we're out of time, and I should just close with that and just thank all of you for your questions
today. I just want to close with a couple of thoughts and really reinforce something Walt said earlier.

Clearly, we know that interest rates move in cycles. And this low rate environment will end at some point
in the future, and we'll see the return to more normalized rates. But we're certainly not just waiting
around for that to happen.

And I have to say, while we're quite pleased by the near-term EPS benefit, the acquisition supports
that 25% to 35% number I referenced earlier. It's really the long-term prospects that make us even
more excited. And that's why we're really pressing ahead very, very aggressively, but in a way that's
entirely consistent with our strategy, our purpose and our DNA. And as those actions begin to bear fruit
in some cases quickly, and other cases more gradually over time, it just reinforces our confidence and our
enthusiasm.

We look forward to seeing all of you, virtually, most likely, possibly some in person at the February
business update. Stay safe, everyone, and thank you for your time today.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Operator
Thank you. And that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for [ participating ].

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

